About Us
004   Important Notice
006   Definitions
008   CEO’s Letter
014   Company Profile
024   Summary of the Results




Operating Analysis and Strategies
036   Summary of the Company’s Business
042   Management Discussion and Analysis and
      Board Report




Corporate Governance
106   Corporate Governance, Environment and Society
196   Major Events
214   Changes in Shares and Shareholders
234   Bonds




Financial Report and Documents
for Inspection
280   Independent Auditor's Report
287   Annual Financial Report
437   Index of Documents for Inspection
437   Information Disclosure of Securities Companies
438   Appendix
ABOUT US
004   Important Notice

006   Definitions

008   CEO’s Letter

014   Company Profile

024   Summary of the Results
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IMPORTANT NOTICE
          I. The Board of Directors, Directors and senior management of the Company undertake that the information
          in this annual report is true, accurate and complete and contains no false record, misleading statement or
          material omission, and assume individual and joint legal liabilities to the information in this report.

          II. This report was considered and approved at the third meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the
          Company.

          III. Directors absent from the meeting

          Position of absent Director     Name of absent Director         Reason for absence          Name of proxy
          Director                        Ke Xiang                        Business engagement         Yu Lanying


          IV. None of the Directors had objections towards this report.

          V. The annual financial report prepared in accordance with the CASBE and the IFRS was audited by Deloitte
          Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, respectively, which
          issued a standard unqualified audit report to the Company.

          VI. Mr. Wang Huiqing, the person in charge of the Company, Ms. Jiao Xiaoning, the person in charge of
          accounting, and Ms. Zhang Xiaodi, the officer in charge of the accounting office of the Company (head of
          accounting department), hereby warrant and guarantee that the financial report contained in the annual
          report is true, accurate and complete.

          VII. The profit distribution proposal of the Company for the Reporting Period which has been considered and
          approved by the Board is as follows: the Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB0.40 (tax inclusive)
          per Share. The proposal is subject to approval at the general meeting of the Company. In addition, the
          Company has distributed the 2025 interim cash dividend of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) per Share in December
          2025. The total cash dividend proposed to be distributed for the Reporting Period is RMB0.55 (tax inclusive)
          per Share.

          VIII. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the parent company had no unrecovered losses which had
          impact on matters such as the dividend distribution of the Company.

          IX. Forward-looking statements including future plans and development strategies involved in this annual
          report do not constitute the Company’s substantive commitments to investors. The investors are advised
          to pay attention to investment risks.

          X. There is no non-operating misappropriation of funds of the Company by any controlling shareholders
          and their related parties during the Reporting Period.

          XI. The Company has not provided any external guarantees in violation of the stipulated decision-making
          procedures during the Reporting Period.

          XII. During the Reporting Period, there exists no such circumstance that more than half of the Directors could
          not guarantee the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of the annual report disclosed by the Company.

          XIII. The report is prepared by the Company in both Chinese and English. In the event of any inconsistency,
          the Chinese version shall prevail.




004
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
XIV. Warning on Major Risks

Domestic and external macroeconomy and monetary policies, laws and regulations on financial and
securities industries, changing trends in real economy and financial industries and other factors may all
have an impact on the Company’s business. Meanwhile, like other companies in the securities industry,
inherent risks in the securities market such as market volatility and market liquidity may also affect the
Company’s business.

Main risks in business operation faced by the Company include: policy risks arising from national macro-
control measures, changes in laws, regulations, relevant regulatory policies and transaction rules in


                                                                                                                         About Us
capital market and securities industry, which will adversely influence the business of securities companies;
compliance risks arising from business management or professional activities of the Company or its
employees violating laws, regulations or codes, which cause the Company bearing legal responsibility,
being subject to regulatory measures and disciplinary sanctions, suffering from property or business
reputation loss; legal risks arising from the Company’s failure to abide by provisions and requirements of
laws and regulations, which expose the Company to litigations, compensation and fines and suffer from
loss; market risks arising from change in market prices (i.e. interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices,
commodity prices, etc.), which make the Company suffer from loss; credit risks arising from the default of


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
financiers, counterparties or issuers, which make the Company suffer from loss; liquidity risks arising from
the Company’s inability to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in time to pay matured debts, fulfil



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
other payment obligations and satisfy the capital needs for normal business; information technology risks
caused by the failure of the Company’s network and information system to ensure the stable, efficient
and safe operation of transaction and business management in terms of business realization, timely
response, solving capacity and network and data security, resulting from service capability abnormality
or data damage and leakage out of internal or external reasons, which make the Company suffer from
loss; operational risks arising from incomplete or problematic internal procedures, personnel, information
technology systems and external incidents, which make the Company suffer from loss; reputational risk of




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
negative comments on the Company by investors, issuers, regulatory authorities, disciplinary organizations,
the public and the media arising from the Company’s behaviors or external events, and employees’ violation
of integrity rules, professional ethics, business norms, and industrial rules and regulations, which may
damage the Company’s brand value, hinder the Company’s normal operation, and even undermine the
market and social stability; money laundering risks arising from the utilization of the Company’s products or
services by criminals to engage in money laundering, terrorist financing and other activities which lead to
negative effects on the Company’s reputation, operation, compliance and other aspects; model risks that
cause adverse consequence or loss to the Company’s businesses resulting from incorrect or inappropriate
model design, development or use; integrity risks arising from abuse of official power for personal gain by
the employees of the Company, which may cause harm or negative impact to the Company. Besides, with




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
the advancement of the Company’s internationalization strategy, the Company’s business expands into the
United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Vietnam, Japan, India, Hong Kong and other countries and
regions, and the Company is exposed to more complex market environment and regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                005
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          DEFINITIONS
          In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the meanings set forth below:


          DEFINITIONS OF CAPITALIZED TERMS AND EXPRESSIONS

                                                            domestic share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
          A Share(s)
                                                            which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and traded in RMB

          APP                                               Application

                                                            the articles of association of the Company, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
          Articles of Association
                                                            from time to time

          Bank of Jiangsu                                   Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限公司 )

          Beijing Stock Exchange                            the Beijing Stock Exchange ( 北京證券交易所 )

          Board or Board of Directors                       the board of Directors of the Company

          CAGR                                              compound annual growth rate

          CASBE                                             the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises ( 中國企業會計準則 )

          China or the PRC                                  the People’s Republic of China

          China Southern Asset Management                   China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )

          Communications Holding                            Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 )

                                                            Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》), as amended,
          Company Law
                                                            supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

          CSRC                                              the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( 中國證券監督管理委員會 )

          Director(s)                                       director(s) of the Company

          FICC                                              fixed income, currency and commodity

                                                            a business activity in which securities firms, as commissioned by futures companies, introduce
          Futures IB Business                               clients to participate in futures transactions of futures companies and provide other related
                                                            services

          GDR                                               global depository receipt

          Govtor Capital                                    Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 )

          Group, Our Group, we or us                        the Company and its subsidiaries, and their respective predecessors

                                                            Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信集團有限公司 , formerly known as Jiangsu
                                                            Guoxin Asset Management Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信資產管理集團有限公司 ))
          Guoxin Group


                                                            foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
          H Share(s)
                                                            which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and traded in HK dollars

          HKEX                                              Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited ( 香港交易及結算所有限公司 )

          HK$, HKD or HK dollars                            the lawful currency of Hong Kong

          Hong Kong                                         the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

          Hong Kong Stock Exchange                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( 香港聯合交易所有限公司 )

                                                            a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability under the corporate name 华
                                                            泰证券股份有限公司 (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.), converted from our predecessor 华泰证券有限责任
                                                            公司 (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company) on December 7, 2007, carrying on business
                                                            in Hong Kong as “HTSC”, and was registered as a registered non-Hong Kong company under Part
          HTSC, Huatai Securities, our Company,             16 of the Companies Ordinance under the Chinese approved name of “ 華泰六八八六股份有限公
          Company or Parent Company                         司 ” and English name of “Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.”; the H Shares of which have been listed on the
                                                            Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 1, 2015 (Stock Code: 6886); the A Shares
                                                            of which have been listed on the SSE since February 26, 2010 (Stock Code: 601688); and the global
                                                            depository receipts of which have been listed on the London Stock Exchange plc since June 2019
                                                            (Symbol: HTSC), unless the context otherwise requires, including its predecessor

                                                            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產管理有限公司 ), a
          Huatai Asset Management
                                                            wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai Securities

                                                            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 ), a wholly-owned
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                            subsidiary of Huatai International

          Huatai Foundation                                 Jiangsu Huatai Foundation ( 江蘇省華泰公益基金會 )

          Huatai Futures                                    Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. ( 華泰期貨有限公司 ), a wholly-ownedsubsidiary of Huatai Securities




006
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                            Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華 泰 創 新 投 資 有 限 公 司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Huatai Innovative Investment
                                            Huatai Securities

                                            Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公司 ), a wholly-
Huatai International
                                            owned subsidiary of Huatai Securities

Huatai-PB                                   Huatai-PB Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰柏瑞基金管理有限公司 )

                                            Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華泰紫金投資有限責任公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary
Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                            of Huatai Securities

Huatai Securities (USA)                     Huatai Securities (USA), Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International

                                            Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. ( 華泰聯合證券有限責任公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Huatai United Securities
                                            Huatai Securities


                                                                                                                                                        About Us
IFRS(s)                                     the International Financial Reporting Standard(s)

IPO                                         the initial public offering(s)

IT                                          information technology

Jiangsu Equity Exchange                     Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權交易中心有限責任公司 )

                                            State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
                                            Government ( 江蘇省政府國有資產監督管理委員會 )
Jiangsu SASAC


Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau        Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC ( 中國證監會江蘇監管局 )




                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Latest Practicable Date                     March 30, 2026

                                            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as
Listing Rules or Hong Kong Listing Rules
                                            amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)



                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
London Stock Exchange or LSE                the London Stock Exchange plc ( 倫敦證券交易所 )

                                            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix
Model Code
                                            C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

MSCI                                        Morgan Stanley Capital International Index

NEEQ                                        the National Equities Exchange and Quotations

                                            National Equities Exchange and Quotations Corporation Limited ( 全國中小企業股份轉讓系統有限
                                            責任公司 )
NEEQ Co. Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
OTC                                         over-the-counter

PBOC                                        the People’s Bank of China

QFII                                        qualified foreign institutional investor

Reporting Period                            the year ended December 31, 2025

                                            Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 證 券 法 》), as amended,
Securities Law
                                            supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

                                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
SFO
                                            supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

SFC                                         the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ( 香港證券及期貨事務監察委員會 )

                                            Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. ( 上海新世紀資信評估投資服務有
                                            限公司 )
Shanghai Brilliance




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Shanghai Clearing House                     the Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd. ( 銀行間市場清算所股份有限公司 )

Shanghai Stock Exchange or SSE              the Shanghai Stock Exchange ( 上海證券交易所 )




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Shenzhen Stock Exchange                     the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ( 深圳證券交易所 )

Singapore Subsidiary                        Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International

STAR Market                                 science and technology innovation board of SSE

USD or US dollar                            the lawful currency of the United States of America

VAR                                         value at risk

                                            Wind Information Co., Ltd. ( 萬 得 信 息 技 術 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a service provider of financial data,
Wind Information
                                            information and software in Mainland China

%                                           per cent.


In the 2025 Annual Report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding; and any
discrepancies in the change percentages of an item are due to the difference of currency unit of the item.




                                                                                                                                               007
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CEO'S LETTER




          Dear Shareholders:

          No worthy new journey is ever marked on an old map.

          In 2025, the pace of change has outstripped the expectations of most. On the one hand, the technological wave represented by
          AI was accelerating its penetration across the entire industrial chain. From computing infrastructure to end-application scenarios,
          technological variables were rewriting the rules of competition within the industry. On the other hand, China’s advantageous
          industries were integrating into the global deployment on an unprecedented breadth, shifting from the export of manufacturing
          capabilities to the comprehensive establishment of brands, R&D and supply chain networks. Against the macroeconomic backdrop
          of a persistently declining interest rate trend and a profound transformation of the growth models, the underlying logic of financial
          services was also being redefined, and the industry depth, global perspective and technological foundation were becoming the core
          capabilities across economic cycles. This is our fundamental assessment of the industry’s future, and also the starting point for all
          strategic decisions.

          In the face of this transformation, we have once again chosen to embark on a new journey -not to negate the past, but to examine
          ourselves from a broader perspective and to drive innovation with greater courage. We seek breakthroughs across three dimensions:
          business logic, service chains and organizational culture. We anchor our long-term direction amid uncertainty, and accumulate the
          capacity to weather changes across economic cycles through transformation. In 2025, the Company achieved steady growth in
          operating performance, further consolidating its leading position of comprehensive strengths in the industry. As of the end of 2025,
          the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB1,077.348 billion, and total equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company was
          RMB206.939 billion. In 2025, the Group achieved total fee and commission income of RMB47.220 billion, and net profit attributable to
          the shareholders of the Company of RMB16.383 billion. The Company’s MSCI ESG rating remained at AAA, the highest rating level in the
          global investment banking industry.

          From Tools to Mindset: Redefining the Investment Bank with AI

          We often discuss a question within the Company: what is the most irreplaceable value of an investment bank? Our answer is the
          ability to price risk assets. Underpinning this is a deep understanding of industry logic, extensive coverage of high-quality assets,
          the courage to validate valuations with real capital, and the ability to structure various assets and risks into financial products and
          efficiently match them with global investors. In the past, these capabilities relied heavily on individual experience. However, as industry
          transformation accelerates and the volume of information grows exponentially, human resources alone can no longer cover the
          required depth and breadth. The transformation brought about by AI is not a simple overlay on existing processes, but a fundamental
          restructuring of how value is created – it enables us to transcend individual limitations, aggregating insights and data scattered
          across different business lines, geographic teams, and timeframes into a unified, continuously iterating intelligent foundation. This
          achieves a qualitative leap in the depth and timeliness of asset valuation, as well as the breadth and precision of services for diverse
          client bases.

          In 2025, we undertook two key initiatives. Firstly, we built an AI-driven intelligent investment research system and a company-wide
          data infrastructure, taking industrial sectors including new energy, intelligent driving, and innovative drugs as breakthrough areas. By
          systematically integrating industrial data and professional expertise accumulated from investment research, investment banking,
          trading, and risk management, we achieved dynamic tracking and in-depth analysis of the full industrial panorama, ensuring that
          judgments embedded in every transaction, every research piece, and every service could be structured and reused. Secondly, we
          used client-facing trading tools as a lever to advance the full AI-enabled integration of the entire business chain. The “AI ZhangLe”
          APP, launched in October 2025, is the industry’s first AI-native financial trading terminal, which has fundamentally reshaped the




008
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
interaction between investors and financial services. Its significance lies not only in the innovation of service models, but also in
driving the full connectivity of back-office data governance, investment research, trading, and risk management systems. AI-driven
transformation is by no means an overnight effort, yet this is not a choice but a mandatory strategic imperative: we will make data-
driven industrial insights, intelligent client services, and integrated business collaboration the core competitive strengths of the
Company.

From Going Global to Rooting Deep: Integrating into the Global Value Chain

The globalization of Chinese enterprises is undergoing a qualitative shift: it is no longer simply expanding abroad, but truly evolving
into entities rooted in China with global footprints. Global investors’ allocation appetite for Chinese assets is also shifting from wait-
and-see exploration to active positioning. This process urgently demands comprehensive financial support from investment banks
with international capital operation capabilities and a deep understanding of Chinese industries. Huatai is determined to be such
a partner: grounded in a profound understanding of Chinese industries and supported by global professional capabilities, we

                                                                                                                                                      About Us
accompany Chinese enterprises in their global expansion.

Huatai’s internationalization commenced with its H-share listing in 2015. Over the subsequent decade, we forged ahead steadily,
gradually establishing a global value chain system covering Asian, European and American markets while accelerating expansion
into more emerging markets. In the course of globalization, we have acknowledged the gaps with international investment banks. We
have cultivated core capabilities with cross-border transactions as the breakthrough point, and maintained sustained investment
in global trading platforms, cross-border risk management systems and localized team development. Relying on our in-depth
understanding of Chinese enterprises and Chinese assets, we have forged a differentiated international development path with
distinctive Huatai characteristics.

In 2025, our progress along this path became even more pronounced. In terms of corporate client services, we fully capitalized on the


                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
recovery of the Hong Kong IPO market, acting as sponsor for 22 Hong Kong IPO projects, ranking third in the market, and participating
in 8 of the top 10 Hong Kong IPO projects. We have successively assisted renowned enterprises in biomedicine, smart manufacturing,




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
new energy vehicles and other sectors to list on the Hong Kong stock market. In terms of institutional client services, we actively
expanded our global business network and enhanced our global asset allocation capabilities. Our global trading platform now
connects major financial centers including Hong Kong, New York, London and Singapore. Key businesses such as equity derivatives
and FICC have maintained market leadership, and our HKD-RMB dual-counter market-making business has achieved full coverage
of underlying securities. In terms of wealth client services, we actively promoted the integrated onshore and offshore operation of
private banking clients and continuously expanded our overseas product and service portfolio. The product matrix under the Cross-
Border Wealth Management Connect Southbound scheme now covers multi-currency mutual funds and bond products, and our
global asset allocation services continue to deepen. Behind these milestones is a global service network taking shape, enabling
Huatai to provide trustworthy financial services in any market and any time zone as required by clients.




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
From Convention to Innovation, Reshaping Organizational Culture

Over more than three decades of development, behind each transformation and leap forward of Huatai has achieved lies a renewal
of its cultural genes. Given the current scale of the Company, moving forward requires not only refinement at the business level, but
also a deep evolution of the organizational culture. In 2025, we refined Huatai’s cultural consensus with simple words, returning to the
most fundamental questions. What is the value of our existence? It is to create genuine professional value for customers – making
customer needs the starting point of all businesses. What determines how far we can go? It is professionalism – having professionals
do professional work, striving for a leading market position in every business, and forging differentiated competitiveness through
technology and innovation. What is the most irreplaceable asset of the Company? It is people. This answer is more important than
the previous two – a mechanism that respects professionalism and encourages creation enables talents to stand out, an open
culture makes global outstanding talents willing to gather here, and a diverse team brings business resilience and depth.

Culture is not a slogan hung on the wall; it is the execution system of strategy, determining how each person thinks, makes decisions
and acts. This understanding is particularly crucial in the AI era. As technology can handle an increasing number of standardized




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
tasks, competition among organizations will ultimately return to a contest of human creativity. We propose the concept of “from
tool to tool user” – not to make people the appendages of machines, but to enable people to return to truly value-creating work:
independent judgment on industrial trends, in-depth understanding of customer needs, creative solutions to complex problems,
and the establishment of trust relationships among people. These are irreplaceable by AI, and precisely the most essential value of




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
financial services.

Over the past 35 years, what has constantly changed are the tools and technologies, but what has remained unchanged is the
original aspiration of every Huatai person to serve the real economy and create long-term value for clients. New lands cannot
be discovered with old charts – reconstructing business with AI thinking, expanding boundaries with a global perspective and
unleashing human creativity through cultural innovation constitute the strategic fulcrums of Huatai for the next three to five years.
True competitiveness does not lie in the performance figures for a certain year, but in whether a future-oriented capability system
has been established. While the path forward is fraught with uncertainty, uncertainty should never be an excuse to halt. Instead, it
represents the greatest window of opportunity for strivers. Huatai Securities will continue to embrace innovation with a pragmatic
heart, serve clients with a professional heart, and face the market with a reverent heart, co-creating sustainable long-term value with
all stakeholders.



                                                                                                                             CEO Zhou Yi
                                                                                                                          March 30, 2026




                                                                                                                                             009
010
                         MISSION OF DEVELOPMENT

Integrity and innovation, assisting transformation of capital market and securities business

   Uniting forces for mutual success: serving the real economy and the development of
                              new-quality productive forces




                               STRATEGIC VISION

           Striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic
                             advantages and global influence




                               SERVICE CONCEPT

                                    Customer-centric
                      "One Client" internally, "One Huatai" externally




                                                                                               011
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          ANNUAL RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                   During the reporting period, the Group achieved total revenue, other
                                                   income and gains of RMB 47.22 billion, with profit for the year attributable to
                                                   shareholders of the Company amounting to RMB 16.383 billion; as at the end
                                                   of the reporting period, the Group’s total assets stood at RMB 1,077.348 billion,
                                                   with total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company at RMB 206.939
                                                   billion, maintaining a leading position in the industry;Continuing to prioritise
                                                   shareholder returns, the Group has paid cash dividends 17 times since its
              Steady and Proactive Business        A-share listing in 2010, with cumulative dividends totalling RMB 42.91 billion;
              Development, with a Focus on         it has completed the 2024 annual dividend and the 2025 interim dividend,
           Sustainable Returns for Shareholders    amounting to a total of RMB 4.694 billion.




                                                   During the reporting period, the Group took the lead in the industry by
                                                   launching “AI Zhangle”, an AI-native application focused on trading scenarios,
                                                   striving to create an AI-driven new trading service model and spearheading
                                                   the intelligent transformation of trading services; key indicators such as
                                                   the assets under management for equity funds, non-money market funds
             Consolidated and strengthened         and equity index funds, as well as the balance of margin trading and short
              its leading position in wealth       selling, continued to rank among the top in the securities industry; the active
            management, fully capitalising on      management capabilities of the asset management business continued to
           market opportunities arising from the   strengthen, with assets under management increasing significantly.
            reallocation of household wealth
                                                   During the reporting period, the Group’s domestic equity underwriting volume
                                                   reached RMB 66.712 billion, with two of the top five IPO projects on the A-share
                                                   market under its sponsorship. The number of review-type restructuring
                                                   projects for which it acted as independent financial adviser that passed
                                                   the CSRC review, as well as the number registered with the China Securities
                                                   Regulatory Commission (CSRC), both ranked first in the industry. In the China
                                                   Securities Association’s 2025 evaluation of the professional quality of securities
                                                   firms’ investment banking and financial advisory services, the Group received
                                                   an ‘A’ rating in both categories.Huatai Asset Management, acting as the plan
          Strengthening the driving and enabling   manager, ranked second in the industry in terms of both the number and total
           role of investment banking to lead in   issuance volume of corporate ABS projects; as at the end of the reporting
                 serving the real economy          period, the cumulative issuance volume of corporate ABS projects over the
                                                   years exceeded RMB 1 trillion.



                                                   During the reporting period, the Group accelerated the development of a
                                                   global institutional client network, actively built an internationalised institutional
                                                   product system, and continued to establish an institutional service ecosystem;
                                                   service levels for key strategic clients such as public funds and insurance
                                                   companies ranked among the best in the industry, with trading volumes for
                                                   public fund sub-accounts showing significant year-on-year growth, and the
                                                   scale of fund custody and service business exceeding RMB 1.96 trillion;The
           Continuously enhancing integrated       Group’s industry-leading position in equity derivatives business has been
             institutional service capabilities    further consolidated, maintaining a market-leading advantage in market-
            to actively support the reform and     making for STAR Market stocks, listed funds and mainstream bond varieties.
           development of the capital markets


                                                   During the reporting period, the Group focused on refining its integrated
                                                   cross-border comprehensive financial services system, further deepening the
                                                   synergy between its domestic and overseas operations; the number of Hong
                                                   Kong IPO sponsorship projects ranked third in the market, with participation
                                                   in eight of the top ten IPO projects in the Hong Kong market, creating several
                                                   high-profile benchmark projects; the Singapore subsidiary obtained the
                                                   certification as an issuing manager on the Main Board of the Singapore
           International business has become a     Exchange and secured eligibility to invest in the Indian capital market;Huatai
            key growth engine, with the Group’s    Securities (USA) obtained membership as a lead underwriter for IPOs on the
            overall strength ranking among the     New York Stock Exchange and was granted status as a broker-dealer for non-
                top Chinese securities firms       US sovereign debt.




012
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025




                                          From 2012 to the end of the reporting period, the Group has cumulatively
                                          served over 300 technology and innovation enterprises, with a total market
                                          capitalisation of approximately RMB 13 trillion;In 2025, the Group successfully
                                          sponsored the A-share listings of 10 technology enterprises in the new-quality
                                          productive forces sector, with a lead underwriting volume reaching RMB 16.954
                                          billion. These included leading enterprises in their respective sectors, such as
                                          Muxi Co., Ltd. (a leading domestic manufacturer of high-performance GPUs),
 Fintech at the forefront of industrial   Delijia (a leader in wind power transmission), and Huaxin Precision Technology


                                                                                                                                               About Us
     transformation, accelerating         (a leader in precision stamping);We underwrote a cumulative total of
   the development of new-quality         290 technology innovation bonds, with a total value of RMB 81.072 billion,
           productive forces              representing a year-on-year increase of 132.40%.



                                          During the reporting period, the Group maintained its 2025 MSCI ESG rating
                                          at AAA, ranking at the highest level among global investment banks for two
                                          consecutive years; it facilitated nine equity financings for green enterprises,
                                          totalling RMB 23.001 billion; underwrote 82 green bonds, totalling RMB 22.370
                                          billion;issued nine green ABS products with a total value of RMB 8.226 billion;




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                          in the carbon trading sector, the Group actively participated in the national

 Green finance continues to expand        Certified Voluntary Emission Reductions (CCER) trading market, achieving

   in depth, with ESG governance          significant growth in trading volume and ranking among the industry leaders,



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                          thereby effectively contributing to enhancing the vitality of the CCER trading
   maintaining a globally leading
                                          market and improving emission reduction efficiency.
              standard




                                          During the reporting period, the Group continued to build and refine an
                                          investment advisory service system combining centralised support with
                                          distributed services, with the scale of its fund investment advisory business
                                          ranking among the industry leaders; among new investment projects in the




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                          private equity sector, there were a total of 20 national-level ‘Specialised,
  Inclusive finance has focused on        Refined, Unique and Innovative’ (SRUI) ‘Little Giant’ enterprises and SRUI SMEs; in
 key areas to better serve the wealth     terms of serving SMEs, a cumulative total of 31 ABS products were issued, with
 management needs of the general          a total value of RMB 23.206 billion.
public and the development of small,
   medium and micro enterprises

                                          During the reporting period, the Group actively participated in the development of
                                          the national pension system, continuously refining the development, introduction
                                          and service framework for pension products. Building on the near-complete
                                          coverage of publicly offered pension products, the Group actively explored
                                          innovations in fund investment advisory services for pension allocation, resulting in
                                          a significant increase in the assets under management of publicly offered pension
                                          products; the Group also continuously iterated the investment research framework




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                          for pension FOF products, with a core focus on stability and the long term, to support
                                          the steady appreciation of residents’ pension assets across economic cycles.
Steady Expansion of Pension Finance       Nanshan Fund has established a pension asset management system covering
to Better Support the Development of      the first, second and third pillars, positioning itself as a “fully licensed” provider of
   the Three-Pillar Pension System



                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                          pension financial services. With assets under management exceeding RMB 1 trillion,
                                          the Group has established a leading brand in the pension finance sector.


                                          During the reporting period, the Group actively advanced the development of
                                          core AI capabilities and strengthened the role of AI in driving business growth,
                                          implementing multiple AI applications across customer service, key business
                                          operations and back-office support. We actively promoted the overseas
                                          deployment and global integration of various core trading platforms; our
                                          self-developed Global Trading Platform (GTP) has been fully launched and
                                          is now operational;Multiple projects, including the “Global Trading Platform”
  Digital finance continues to lead       and “Research and Practical Application of Cybersecurity Attack Surface
 the industry, accelerating business      Management in the Securities Industry”, were awarded the Second Prize in the
   transformation and innovation
                                          2024 FinTech Development Awards.




                                                                                                                                      013
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company Profile




          I. COMPANY INFORMATION
                                                 Registered capital and net capital of the Company
          Chinese name of the Company                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

          华泰证券股份有限公司                                              As at the end of the            As at the end of the
                                                                  Reporting Period                previous year

          Abbreviation of Chinese name of the
          Company                                Registered
          華泰證券                                   capital          9,026,863,786.00                9,027,302,281.00

          English name of the Company
          HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
                                                 Net capital      94,566,583,424.15               94,142,061,443.95
          Abbreviation of English name of the
          Company
          HTSC




          Legal representative of the Company    Qualifications of each business line of the Company
          Wang Huiqing
                                                 According to the business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial Market
                                                 Regulation Administration, the business scope of the Company includes:
          Chief Executive Officer and chairman   licensed items: securities business; securities investment consultancies;
          of the Executive Committee of the      sales of public offering securities investment funds; custody of securities
          Company                                investment fund (Projects that need to be approved by law shall be
                                                 carried out upon approval by relevant authorities, and the specific
          Zhou Yi
                                                 business projects are subject to the approval results) general items:
                                                 providing intermediary referrals by securities company for futures
          Authorized representatives of the      companies (Except for projects that need to be approved by law,
          Company                                business activities can be conducted independently with the business
                                                 license in accordance with the laws)
          Zhou Yi, Zhang Hui
                                                 Please refer to “Appendix I. Main Business Qualifications” in this report for
                                                 the main business qualifications of the Company.




014
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
II. CONTACT
          Secretary of the Board                              Representative for Securities

Name      Zhang Hui                                           Zhu Youwei

          11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,    12/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,
Address
          Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC                  Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Tel.      025-83387272, 83387780                              025-83389157


                                                                                                                          About Us
Fax       025-83387784                                        025-83387784

Email     zhanghui@htsc.com                                   zhuyouwei@htsc.com



              Joint company secretary                         Joint company secretary

Name          Zhang Hui                                       Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne

              11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong      40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Address
              Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC        Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
III. BASIC INFORMATION

Registered address of the Company        No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

                                         In July 2015, the Company has completed the change in business




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Historical changes in registered         registration, and its registered address was changed from “No. 90
address of the Company                   East Zhongshan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC” to “No. 228
                                         Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC”

Office address of the Company            No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Postal code of office address of the
                                         210019
Company

Principal place of business in Hong
                                         62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, the PRC
Kong




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Company website                          https://www.htsc.com.cn

Email                                    boardoffice@htsc.com




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Main exchange                            025-83389999

Customer service hotline                 95597 or 4008895597

Company fax                              025-83387784

Business License Unified Social
                                         91320000704041011J
Credit Code

Index of changes during the
                                         No change during the Reporting Period
Reporting Period




                                                                                                                 015
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND LOCATION FOR INSPECTION OF
          DOCUMENTS
          Names and websites of newspapers                   China Securities Journal (https://www.cs.com.cn), Shanghai
          for disclosure of annual report of the             Securities News (https://www.cnstock.com), Securities Times
          Company                                            (https://www.stcn.com), Securities Daily (http://www.zqrb.cn)
          Websites of the stock exchanges for                Shanghai Stock Exchange (https://www.sse.com.cn), Hong
          disclosure of annual report of the                 Kong Stock Exchange (https://www.hkexnews.hk), London
          Company                                            Stock Exchange (https://www.londonstockexchange.com)
          Location for inspection of annual report of        No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          the Company (A Share)                              PRC
                                                             No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          Location for inspection of annual report of
                                                             PRC; 62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong,
          the Company (H Share)
                                                             the PRC
          Index of changes during the Reporting
                                                             No change during the Reporting Period
          Period




          V. SHARES/DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS OF THE COMPANY

          Type of shares/
          depository receipts           Stock exchange for listing      Stock name                     Stock code

          A Share                       Shanghai Stock Exchange         華泰證券                           601688
          H Share                       Hong Kong Stock Exchange        HTSC                           6886
          GDR                           London Stock Exchange           Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       HTSC
          The Company did not change the stock name.




          VI. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
          (I) Historical Development of the Company, Mainly Including the Reorganization and
          Capital Increases in the Previous Years

          The predecessor of the Company was Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券公司 ), which was established
          in December 1990 as approved by the headquarters of the PBOC, obtained the business license on April
          9, 1991, and officially opened for business on May 26, 1991. In 1994, the Economic Reform Commission of
          Jiangsu Province approved the conversion of the Company to be a directional stock raising company.
          In June 1997, the Company changed its name to“ 江 蘇 證 券 有 限 責 任 公 司 ”(Jiangsu Securities Co., Ltd.). In
          1999, as considered and approved at the general meeting of the Company and approved by the CSRC
          on December 9, 1999, the Company changed its name to“华泰证券有限责任公司”(Huatai Securities Limited
          Liability Company). In 2007, as considered and approved at the general meeting of the Company and
          approved by the CSRC on November 29, 2007, the Company was converted into“ 华 泰 证 券 股 份 有 限 公 司 ”
          (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.) in its entirety. On December 7, 2007, the Company completed the business
          registration for such changes. In July 2009, the Company absorbed and merged with Xintai Securities Co.,
          Ltd. ( 信泰證券有限責任公司 ). In February 2010, the Company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock
          Exchange. In June 2015, the Company was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In
          June 2019, the GDR issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London Stock
          Exchange.

          Major capital changes of the Company:

          When it was established on April 9, 1991, the registered capital of the Company was RMB10,000,000.




016
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB202,000,000 in June 1994.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB404,000,000 in June 1997.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB828,000,000 in May 1998.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB850,320,000 in December 1999.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB2,200,000,000 in April 2001.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,500,000,000 in November 2007.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,815,438,725 on July 30, 2009.
In February 2010, the Company completed its initial public offering of 784,561,275 RMB-denominated ordinary

                                                                                                                          About Us
shares (A Shares) on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, after which the Company’s registered capital was
RMB5,600,000,000.

In June 2015, the Company completed its listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
commenced trading. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 1,562,768,800
H Shares in total, and the total share capital of the Company changed to 7,162,768,800 shares. Due to the
issuance and listing of H Shares, the relevant state-owned shareholders transferred 156,276,880 state-
owned shares (A Shares) of the Company held by them to the National Council for Social Security Fund of
the PRC in the form of H Shares, on the basis of 10% of the number of H Shares issued this time. The changes


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
in share capital structure of the Company were as follows: 5,443,723,120 A Shares, which accounted for
76.00% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 24.00% of the total
number of shares.

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated
ordinary shares (A Shares) by way of “Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors”, after which the Company’s
registered capital was RMB8,251,500,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as
follows: 6,532,454,320 A Shares, which accounted for 79.17% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 20.83% of the total number of shares.

In June 2019, the GDR issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London Stock




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Exchange. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 82,515,000 GDR in total,
representing the underlying securities of 825,150,000 A Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital
was RMB9,076,650,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as follows: 7,357,604,320
A Shares, which accounted for 81.06% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which
accounted for 18.94% of the total number of shares.

In September 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,356,543,347 A Shares, which accounted for 81.06% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 18.94% of the total number of shares.

In September 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,074,663,335. The changes in share capital



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,355,617,655 A Shares, which accounted for 81.06% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 18.94% of the total number of shares.




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
In January 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 45,278,495 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,029,384,840. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,310,339,160 A Shares, which accounted for 80.96% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19.04% of the total number of shares.

In September 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 2,082,559 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,027,302,281. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,308,256,601 A Shares, which accounted for 80.96% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19.04% of the total number of shares.

In September 2025, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 438,495 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,026,863,786. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,307,818,106 A Shares, which accounted for 80.96% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19.04% of the total number of shares.




                                                                                                                 017
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Organization Structure of the Company

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Development Strategy Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   General Meeting

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Compliance and Risk Management Committee


                                                                                         Office of the Board of
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Board of Directors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Audit Committee
                                                                                                Directors


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Nomination Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Senior Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Remuneration and Appraisal Committee




                                 Investment Advisory and                                                                                                                                               Margin Financing and                                                                                                                                                                     Information Technology                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Strategy and

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Inspection Department
                                                           Platform Operation   Financial Products   Wealth Management                                                         Sales and Trading                                   Securities Investment   Financial Innovation                                                                                                                                                                        Capital Operation                                                                       Risk Management                     Compliance and Legal                           Human Resources           Planning and Finance

                                                                                                                         Research Institute                                                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Center
                                                                                                                                                              Debt Financing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Digital Operation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Party-mass Work            General Affairs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             General Office
                                                                                                                                              Asset Custody                                                                                                                                                 Fixed Income
          Branches

                                Development Department                                                  Department                                                                                 Securities Lending Department       Department                                                                                                                                                     Department                                                                                                                                                                      Department                                                                Department                                                          Development Department
                                                               Department          Department                                                                                     Department                                                                   Department                                                                                                                                                                                Department                                         Department                            Department                                                                        Department                                                                                                                            Development
                                                                                                                                               Department      Department                                                                                                                                   Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Wholly-owned Subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Participating Subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Huatai International Financial




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Huatai Purple Gold .Investment Co., Ltd             Huatai Innovation I.nvestment Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Huatai-PB Fund Management Co, Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.                                                                    E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd.
          Securities Branches                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Huatai Futu.res Co., Ltd                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Bank of Jiangsu Co, Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Holdings Company LimitedManagement Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Management Co., Ltd.




          Notes:
          1. During the Reporting Period, in accordance with the Company Law, the Guidelines for the Articles of Association of Listed Companies issued by
          the CSRC, and other relevant regulations, and based on the Company’s actual condition, the Company has dissolved the establishment of the
          Supervisory Committee. The powers and responsibilities of the Supervisory Committee as stipulated by laws and regulations shall be exercised
          by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Concurrently, the Company’s Rules of Procedures for the Supervisory Committee have been
          repealed, and the Office of the Supervisory Committee has been dissolved.
          2. In February 2026, the Company completed the transfer of 32% equity interests in Jiangsu Equity Exchange, and ceased to have any equity
          interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange.




          (III) The First-level Onshore and Offshore Subsidiaries of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Name of the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Date of                                                                                                                                                                                                    Registered Responsible Telephone
          subsidiary                                                                                                     Address                                                                                                                                                                                                                              establishment                                                                                                                                                                                                 capital person      No.

                                                                                                                         Room 401, Building B7, Qianhai
                                                                                                                         Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund Town,
          Huatai United                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                010-
                                                                                                                         No. 128 Guiwan Fifth Road, Nanshan  1997-09-05                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    99,748.00 Jiang Yu
          Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         56839300
                                                                                                                         Street, Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                                                                                                                         Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen, the PRC




018
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Name of the                                                         Date of               Registered Responsible Telephone
subsidiary               Address                                    establishment            capital person      No.

Huatai Securities
                     Room 1222, 6 Jilong Road, China                                                     Jiang      021-
(Shanghai) Asset                                                    2014-10-16            260,000.00
                     (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                    Xiaoyang   28972188
Management Co., Ltd.

Huatai International
                         62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road                                         HK$              852-
Financial Holdings                                                  2017-04-05                          Wang Lei
                         Central, Hong Kong, the PRC                                  10,200,000,002.00             36586000
Company Limited


                                                                                                                                            About Us
Huatai Purple Gold       No. 180 Hanzhong Road, Nanjing,                                                            025-
                                                                    2008-08-12            600,000.00 Cao Qun
Investment Co., Ltd.     Jiangsu Province, the PRC                                                                  83389999

Huatai Innovative        No. 234 Wuyi Road, Changning District,                                                     010-
                                                                2013-11-21                350,000.00 Sun Ying
Investment Co., Ltd.     Shanghai, the PRC                                                                          58034345

                         10/F (whole floor), No. 1 Mingzhu Third
                                                                                                         Zhao       020-
Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. Street, Hengli Town,                       1995-07-10            393,900.00
                                                                                                         Changtao   83901155
                         Nansha District, Guangzhou, the PRC

Shanghai Shengju


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                     No. 12 Dongfang Road, China                                                         Lu        021-
Asset Operation and                                                 2009-07-14               12,100.00
                     (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                    Chunguang 28972221
Management Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Note: In March 2026, the responsible person of Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and Management Co., Ltd. was changed from Mr. Lu
Chunguang to Mr. Liu Xiaobing.




(IV) Number and Distribution of Securities Branches and Other Branches of the Company
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 27 securities branch offices and 243 securities
branches. For details of the number and distribution of branch offices and securities branches of the




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Company, please refer to “Appendix II. List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this report.

Provinces,               Number of         Number of               Provinces,              Number of         Number of
municipalities and       securities branch securities              municipalities and      securities branch securities
regions                  offices           branches                regions                 offices           branches
Anhui Province                     1                  5            Jiangsu Province                  9               90
Beijing                            1                  9            Jiangxi Province                  1                3
Chongqing                          –                   1           Liaoning Province                 1                7
Fujian Province                    1                  4            Inner Mongolia                    –                3
                                                                   Autonomous
Gansu Province                     –                   1           Region Ningxia Hui                –                 1
                                                                   Autonomous



                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Guangdong                                                          Region Qinghai
                                   2                 24                                              –                 1
Province                                                           Province
Guangxi Zhuang



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                   –                  2            Shandong Province                 1                7
Autonomous Region
Guizhou Province                   –                   1           Shanxi Province                   –                 1
Hainan Province                    –                  2            Shaanxi Province                  1                2
Hebei Province                     –                   1           Shanghai                          1                17
Henan Province                     1                  3            Sichuan Province                  1                7
Heilongjiang
                                   1                  5            Tianjin                           1                4
Province
Hubei Province                     1                 25            Xinjiang Uygur                    –                 1
                                                                   Autonomous Region
Hunan Province                     1                  3                                              1                –
                                                                   Yunnan Province
Jilin Province                     –                  3            Zhejiang Province                 1                10




                                                                                                                                   019
VII. THE GROUP’S GLOBAL LAYOUT
Leveraging an integrated domestic and international operational management
system, the Group has established an extensive network of clients, industries, products
and services across major global and emerging markets. We are committed to
providing comprehensive financial services to support Chinese enterprises in ‘going
global’ and to facilitate the ‘inflow’ of international capital.The Group comprises seven
first-tier subsidiaries and five associated companies. In the domestic market, the
Group’s business scope spans diverse financial sectors including securities, asset
management, private equity, alternative investments, futures and public funds; in
overseas markets, the Group conducts international business through Huatai
International and its subsidiaries, including Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong),
Huatai Securities (USA) and its Singapore subsidiary.
       All-round                               In-depth
                                                                                   Empowering
     assistance for                           services for
                                                                                 individual clients
  Chinese enterprises’                   institutional clients'
                                                                                 with professional
   expanding global                       global investment
                                                                                   global asset
         layout                              transactions
                                                                                     allocation


                                                                                                                   Hong Kong
                                                                                         As the holding platform for the
                                                                                         Company's international business, Huatai
                                                                                         International has always been adhering
                                                                                         to its origin of investment banking
                                                                                         services and is committed to serving
                                                                            India        high-level opening-up in finance.
                                                                                         Through the in-depth extension of the
                                              In July 2025, a subsidiary of Huatai       Group's entire business chain system,
                                              International obtained a Foreign           Huatai International has been effectively
                                              Portfolio Investor (FPI) registration      promoting two-way interconnection,
                                              certificate issued by the Securities       providing cross-border comprehensive
                                              and Exchange Board of India (SEBI),        financial services to both domestic and
                                              thereby formally qualifying the            overseas clients. Meanwhile, based on
                                              Group to invest in the Indian              Hong Kong market, Huatai International
                                              capital market. Preparatory work           has been actively promoting its layout in
                                              for business operations in the             mature and emerging markets such as
                                              Indian market is progressing               the United States, Europe and Asia,
                                              steadily.                                  steadily building a global value chain.




                         London
                         In June 2019, the Group successfully issued
                         Global Depositary Receipts (GDRs) and
                         listed them on the London Stock Exchange,
                         becoming the first Chinese enterprise to
                         list on the London Stock Exchange under
                         the Shanghai-London Stock Connect
                         rules.Subsequently, building on its London
                         Stock Exchange membership, the Group
                         became the first Asian firm to be
                         registered as a market maker on the
                         London Stock Exchange and gained
                         access to major European securities
                         markets. Using GDRs as a strategic tool to
                         enhance its influence in the European
                         market, the Group has continuously
                         expanded its market-making coverage
                         and range of securities, fully leveraging its
                         first-mover advantage in the European
                         market.


                                                                                        Vietnam                                                   Japan

                         In September 2024, a subsidiary of Huatai International was granted a                In May 2024, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
                         securities trading code by the Vietnamese securities regulator, enabling             Kong) obtained the Lead Managing
                         it to trade directly on the Ho Chi Minh City Stock Exchange and the Hanoi            Underwriter qualification for the Tokyo
                         Stock Exchange as a Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (QFII), whilst          PRO-BOND Market from the Tokyo Stock
                         providing clients with diversified services such as investment research              Exchange. During the reporting period, the
                         and trading products. Following the reporting period, Huatai Financial               Group’ s Japanese subsidiary completed its
                         Holdings (Hong Kong) formally established a two-way research report                  formal registration and establishment.
                         strategic partnership with SSI Securities Corporation, a leading
                         Vietnamese financial institution, to jointly build a research and
                         investment bridge connecting the Chinese and Vietnamese capital
                         markets.




NOTE: THE MAPS AND DESCRIPTIONS USED IN THIS SESSION ARE FOR ILLUSTRATION
OF THE GROUP’S INTERNATIONAL LAYOUT ONLY, WHICH DON’T REPRESENT THE
STANDARD GEOGRAPHIC MAPS.
                                                        7
                                                        first-level
                                                                                              5
                                                                                              participating
                                                        subsidiaries                          subsidiaries




                                                        243 27
                                                        securities business                   securities branch
                                                        branches                              offices




                                                        42
                                                        futures business
                                                                                              9
                                                                                              futures branch
                                                        branches                              offices




Singapore

In September 2022, Huatai International
established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Huatai
Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited, in
Singapore. Aligned with the Group’ s
international development strategy, the
Singapore subsidiary has further deepened its
global footprint, continuously securing the      New York
necessary local licences. Using Singapore as a
regional hub, it covers emerging economies in    In 2018, Huatai International
Southeast Asia, providing overseas investors     incorporated Huatai Securities (USA) in
with products and services with Chinese          the United States and established an
characteristics.In 2025, the Singapore           office in New York City. Huatai Securities
subsidiary obtained the certification as an      (USA) has subsequently obtained
Issuing Manager on the Main Board of the         multiple local business licences and is
Singapore Exchange, qualifying it to             primarily engaged in investment
participate in sponsorship-related work for      banking and institutional securities
Main Board listing projects. The Singapore       business. In recent years, cross-border
subsidiary has steadily advanced the             collaboration and synergy between its
deployment of its various business lines, with   US operations and those in mainland
its regional capacity and influence              China and Hong Kong have been
continuously increasing.                         continuously advanced across multiple
                                                 sectors.




                                                                                                                  022
Summary of the
Results




Total assets                                                       Revenue, other income and gains combined
                            Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB                               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

12,000                                                               500
                                                  10,773.48

10,000
              9,055.08                                                            473.25                               472.20
                                 8,142.70                            475
8,000                                                                                               463.38


 6,000                                                               450


 4,000
                                                                     425
 2,000


     0                                                               400
                2023               2024              2025                          2023              2024               2025

Source: Regular reports of the Company                             Source: Regular reports of the Company




Total equity attributable to shareholders of the                   The year's profit attributable to shareholders of
Company                                                            the Company
                            Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB                               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

 2,500                                                               200

                                                   2,069.39                                                            163.83
 2,000                           1,916.74                                                           153.51
              1,791.08                                               150
                                                                                  127.51
 1,500
                                                                     100

 1,000

                                                                       50
  500


                                                                        0
                                                     2025                                                               2025
     0
                2023               2024                                            2023               2024

Source: Regular reports of the Company                             Source: Regular reports of the Company
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
I. KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS

(I) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Three Years
                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                     Increase/
                                                                  decrease for
                                                  2024           the period as                       2023
                                                                 compared to
                                               After     Before the last period                  After          Before
Item                                2025 adjustment adjustment              (%)            adjustment      adjustment

Total revenue, other                                                                                                                About Us
                              47,219,604      46,338,281    54,285,483              1.90     47,325,170      52,260,421
income and gains

Profit before income
                              18,404,639      15,352,340    15,352,340            19.88      14,204,664      14,204,664
tax

Profit for the year
– attributable to
                              16,383,497       15,351,162     15,351,162           6.72      12,750,633      12,750,633
shareholders of the

                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Company

Net cash (used in)/

                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
generated from              (63,456,125)      34,818,437     34,818,437             N/A    (28,475,553) (28,475,553)
operating activities

Total amount of
other comprehensive
                               (105,564)        597,755        597,755              N/A        315,999         315,999
(expense)/income
after tax for the year




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                              Increase/
                                                                       decrease for the
                                               At the end of 2024     end of the period       At the end of 2023
                                                                       as compared to
                                                                         the end of the
                               At the end          After        Before same period of            After           Before
Item                               of 2025   adjustment adjustment         last year (%)   adjustment       adjustment

Total assets                1,077,347,556    814,270,494    814,270,494            32.31   905,508,389     905,508,389

Total liabilities             870,351,352    622,376,573    622,376,573           39.84     723,290,957     723,290,957



                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
Total equity attributable
to shareholders of the       206,939,470      191,673,902   191,673,902            7.96      179,108,367     179,108,367
Company



                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
Total shareholders’
                             206,996,204      191,893,921    191,893,921            7.87     182,217,432     182,217,432
equity

Total share capital
                            9,026,863,786 9,027,302,281 9,027,302,281                 – 9,074,663,335 9,074,663,335
(shares)




                                                                                                                           025
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Key Financial Indicators
                                                                                        Increase/
                                                                                  decrease for the
                                                                    2024                period as                                    2023
                                                                                  compared to the
                                                                 After     Before  same period of                              After     Before
          Key financial indicators                    2025 adjustment adjustment     last year (%)                       adjustment adjustment

          Basic earnings per share
                                                        1.73             1.62             1.62                   6.79              1.35              1.35
          (RMB/share)

          Diluted earnings per share
                                                        1.73             1.62             1.62                   6.79              1.33              1.33
          (RMB/share)


                                                                                                   Decrease of
          Weighted average ROE (%)                     9.20              9.24            9.24 0.04 percentage                      8.12              8.12
                                                                                                        points


                                                                                                  Increase of 5.72
          Debt-to-assets
                                                      75.25            69.53            69.53         percentage                 76.05            76.05
          ratio (%) Note 1
                                                                                                           points

          Net assets attributable to
          the Company’s ordinary
                                                      19.24              18.10           18.10                   6.30              16.91            16.91
          shareholders per share
          (RMB/share) Note 2

          Note 1: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients – funds payable to securities issuers)/(total assets –
          accounts payable to brokerage clients – funds payable to securities issuers).
          Note 2: Net assets attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders per share were net of the effect of perpetual bonds.



          Description of key accounting data and financial indicators of the Company:

          In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Q&A on the Implementation of Accounting Treatment for
          Standard Warehouse Receipt Transactions issued by the Accounting Department of the Ministry of Finance,
          the Company changed its accounting policies from January 1, 2025, and retrospectively adjusted the
          financial statements for the same period in 2023 and 2024 using the retrospective adjustment method. For
          details, please refer to the Announcement on Changes in Accounting Policies of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
          disclosed on August 30, 2025.



          (‌III‌) Net Capital of the Parent Company and Risk Control Indicators
                                                                                                                               Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                  As of the end of the                          As of the end of the
          Item                                                                       Reporting Period                                 previous year

          Net capital                                                                94,566,583,424.15                              94,142,061,443.95

          Net assets                                                                 170,898,399,531.02                            160,886,314,922.70

          Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                                   298.67                                         431.31

          Net capital/net assets (%)                                                                 55.33                                         58.51

          Net capital/liabilities (%)                                                                 18.97                                        27.25

          Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                                 34.28                                         46.57




026
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                        As of the end of the                         As of the end of the
Item                                                                       Reporting Period                                previous year

Value of proprietary equity securities and
                                                                                            56.81                                       26.98
derivatives/net capital (%)

Value of proprietary non-equity securities and
                                                                                          305.53                                       254.96
derivatives/net capital (%)

Core net capital                                                           67,206,583,424.15                              69,102,061,443.95


                                                                                                                                                            About Us
Supplementary net capital                                                  27,360,000,000.00                            25,040,000,000.00

Total risk capital provision                                                31,662,455,271.50                              21,827,122,976.54

Total on-balance and off-balance assets                                     552,110,567,717.29                         423,654,826,307.64

Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                                  13.27                                        18.02

Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                              190.37                                       260.99



                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Net stable funding ratio (%)                                                              142.88                                        159.70




                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Notes:
1. During the Reporting Period, the main risk control indicators of the Company such as net capital were all in line with the regulatory
requirements, and there were no such circumstances where risk control indicators violated the pre-warning standards or were not in
compliance with the prescribed standards.
2. The net capital and related ratios as of the end of the previous year have been restated in accordance with the Provisions on the Calculation
Standards for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies (CSRC Announcement [2024] No. 13) (《證券公司風險控制指標計算標準規定》( 證監會公
告 [2024]13 號 )) and other relevant regulations.




(‌IV) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The financial conditions for the past five years are as follows:
1. Profitability
                                                                                                          Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


Item                                                            2025              2024              2023              2022               2021

Total revenue, gains and other income                    47,219,604        46,338,281         47,325,170       43,564,969         48,501,990

Total expenses                                           32,171,860       33,339,894         35,705,290        32,555,977        34,859,409

Share of profit of associates and joint
                                                         3,356,895          2,353,953         2,584,784           1,219,046        2,629,981



                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
ventures

Profit before income tax                                18,404,639         15,352,340        14,204,664         12,228,038        16,272,562




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Profit for the year – attributable to
                                                         16,383,497          15,351,162       12,750,633         11,053,987        13,346,106
shareholders of the Company




                                                                                                                                                   027
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Assets
                                                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                        December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
          Item                                                2025         2024         2023         2022         2021

          Total assets                                   1,077,347,556         814,270,494        905,508,389        846,570,990         806,650,833

          Total liabilities                                870,351,352         622,376,573        723,290,957          678,714,380           654,615,049

          Accounts payable to brokerage
                                                           240,910,426         184,586,976          144,701,360         152,551,723          147,501,833
          clients

          Total equity attributable to
                                                          206,939,470           191,673,902         179,108,367        165,095,102           148,422,810
          shareholders of the Company

          Total equity                                    206,996,204           191,893,921         182,217,432        167,856,610           152,035,784

          Total share capital (shares)                  9,026,863,786        9,027,302,281 9,074,663,335 9,075,589,027 9,076,650,000



          3. Key Financial Indicators

          Item                                                                     2025            2024             2023           2022            2021

          Dividend per share (RMB)                                                  0.55            0.52           0.43             0.45           0.45

          Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                       1.73            1.62           1.35              1.18          1.47

          Dilutive earnings per share (RMB/share)                                    1.73            1.62           1.33              1.16          1.46

          Weighted average ROE (%)                                                  9.20            9.24            8.12             7.49          9.84

          Debt-to-assets ratio (%)Note 1                                           75.25          69.53           76.05             75.81         76.93

          Net assets attributable to ordinary shareholders
                                                                                   19.24            18.10          16.91            16.24          15.25
          of the Company per share (RMB/share)Note 2

          Note 1: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients – funds payable to securities issuers)/(total assets –
          accounts payable to brokerage clients – funds payable to securities issuers).
          Note 2: Net assets attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders per share were net of the effect of perpetual bonds.




          II. DIFFERENCES IN FINANCIAL DATA PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE
          WITH DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

          There is no difference between the net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for 2025 and 2024
          and the net assets attributable to shareholders of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and December
          31, 2024 set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the CASBE and in the
          consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRSs.




028
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
III. ITEMS MEASURED UNDER FAIR VALUE
                                                                                                         Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                      Effect on the profit
                                           Balance at the           Balance at the              Change in the              of the current
Name of items                             end of last year          end of the year             current period         period in amount

Financial assets at fair
                                                301,537,757              378,942,329                  77,404,572                46,869,529
value through profit or loss

Equity instruments at

                                                                                                                                                         About Us
fair value through other                             125,860                14,613,478                 14,487,618                   374,288
comprehensive income

Debt instruments at
fair value through other                          10,135,553               44,815,936                34,680,383                      671,004
comprehensive income

Derivative financial
                                                  (952,660)               (6,787,442)                (5,834,782)               (21,998,753)
instruments


                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Financial liabilities at fair
                                                 40,448,332                 36,421,918               (4,026,414)                 (11,544,951)
value through profit or loss


                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Other assets                                                 –              2,287,704                  2,287,704                    206,249

Note: As of the end of the Reporting Period, no single item mentioned above exceeded 5% of the Group’s total assets as of December 31, 2025.




IV. AWARDS AND HONORS



                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
(I) Key Awards and Honors of the Group

         The selection of “2024 Financial Technology                             The selection of “Collection of Best Practice
         Development Award” held by the People’s                                 Case of Public Companies 2025” (2025 年 度
         Bank of China and the CSRC:                                             上市公司最佳實踐案例徵集活動 ) held by China
                                                                                 Association for Public Companies:
         The “Global Trading Platform Project” and the
         “Research and Application Practice Project of                           The Company was awarded the “Best Practice
         Cybersecurity Attack Surface Management in                              Case of the Board of Directors of Public
         the Securities Industry” of the Company, the                            Companies in 2025 (2025 年 度 上 市 公 司 董 事 會



                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
         “Next-Generation Unified TA System Project”                             最佳實踐案例 )” and the “Best Practice Case for
         of Huatai Asset Management, the “Tianji                                 Sustainable Development of Public Companies
         Intelligent Hedging System Project” of Huatai                           in 2025 (2025 年度上市公司可持續發展最佳實踐案
                                                                                 例 )”, etc.


                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
         Futures and the “Multi-Agent Collaborative
         Trading Assistant Project” of China Southern
                                                                                 The selection of “Golden Bull Award for
         Asset Management were awarded the
                                                                                 Securities Firms ( 證 券 公 司 金 牛 獎 )” held by
         second prize, and the “Tianheng Integrated
                                                                                 China Securities Journal (《中國證券報》):
         Comprehensive Risk Management Platform
         Project” of Huatai Futures was awarded the                              The Company was awarded the “Fintech
         third prize.                                                            Golden Bull Award for Securities Firms ( 證券公司
                                                                                 金融科技金牛獎 )”, the “ESG Golden Bull Award for
                                                                                 Securities Firms ( 證券行業 ESG 金牛獎 )”, etc.




                                                                                                                                                029
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Key Awards and Honors of the Business Segments

          Wealth management business
                The selection of “2025 Junding Award in           HKEX:
                China’s Securities Industry” (2025 年 度 中 國 證
                                                                  The Company was awarded the “2024
                券業君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times (《證
                                                                  Outstanding Broker Award of Hong Kong
                券時報》):
                                                                  Stock Connect (2024 年港股通卓越券商獎 )”, “2024
                The Company was awarded the “Junding Award        Outstanding ETF Broker Award of Hong Kong
                for All-round Wealth Management Broker ( 全        Stock Connect (2024 年港股通 ETF 卓越券商獎 )”,
                能 財 富 經 紀 商 君 鼎 獎 )”, “Junding Award for APP      “2024 Mainland Broker Award for Long-term
                Pioneer (APP 先 鋒 君 鼎 獎 )”, “Junding Award for     Contributions to Security Data (2024 年長期貢獻
                All-round Digital Practice ( 數字化實踐全能君鼎獎 )”        證券數據內地券商獎 )”, etc.
                “Junding Award for Wealth Management Brand
                ( 財富服務品牌君鼎獎 )”, etc.

                The selection of the “Huazun Award for Wealth     Shanghai Securities News 《( 上 海 證 券 報》):
                Management ( 財 富 管 理 華 尊 獎 )” organized by        The Company was awarded the “All-round
                Cailian Press 《( 財聯社》):
                                                                  Wealth Management Institution Award”, etc.
                The Company was awarded the “Award for Best
                Institution in Wealth Management” (最佳財富管理
                機構獎 ), “Award for Best ETF Ecology ( 最佳 ETF 生
                態獎 )”, “Award for Best Fund Investment Advisory
                ( 最佳基金投顧獎 )”, etc.

                The selection of the “2025 Yinghua Typical        The selection of the “9th Yinghua
                Case for Index Ecology (2025 年指數生態圈英華             Demonstration Case for Brokers in China
                典型案例 )”organized by China Fund News (《中           ( 第九屆中國券商英華示範案例 )” organized by
                國基金報》):                                           China Fund News (《中國基金報》):

                The Company was awarded the “ETF Liquidity        The Company was awarded the “Excellent
                Service Provider (ETF 流動性服務商 )”, etc.             Demonstration Institution of Wealth
                                                                  Management of Brokers ( 優秀券商財富管理示
                                                                  範機構 )”, etc.

                The selection of the “Golden Kylin Award ( 金      The selection of the “Third Session of Golden
                麒麟獎 )” held by Sina Finance ( 新浪財經 ):             Bull Award for Fund Investment Advisors ( 第
                                                                  三屆基金投顧金牛獎 )” held by China Securities
                The Company was awarded the “Best
                                                                  Journal (《 中國證券報》):
                Comprehensive Wealth Management Institution
                ( 最 佳 綜 合 財 富 管 理 機 構 )”, “Most Distinctive ETF   The Company was awarded the “Golden
                Ecological Service Institution ( 最具特色 ETF 生態服     Bull Award for Fund Investment Advisory
                務機構 )”, etc.                                      Institutions ( 基金投顧機構金牛獎 )”, “Golden Bull
                                                                  Award for Fund Investment Advisory Intelligent
                                                                  Technology ( 基金投顧智能科技金牛獎 )”, etc.

                The selection of “2025 Junding Award in
                China’s Futures Industry” (2025 年度中國期貨業
                君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times (《證券
                時報》):

                Huatai Futures was awarded the “Junding
                Award for Leading Futures Company in China
                ( 中 國 領 軍 期 貨 公 司 君 鼎 獎 )”, “Junding Award
                for Outstanding Rural Revitalization Futures
                Company in China ( 中國優秀鄉村振興期貨公司
                君鼎獎 )”, etc.




030
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Institutional services business
     Shanghai Stock Exchange:                          The selection of “2025 New Fortune
                                                       Magazine Best Investment Banks (2025 新財
     The Company was awarded the “Rating A in
                                                       富雜誌最佳投行 )” held by New Fortune 《( 新
     Comprehensive Evaluation on Stock Market
                                                       財富》):
     Makers on the STAR Market in 2025 ( 科 創 板 股
     票做市商 2025 年度綜合評價 A 評級 )”, “Rating AA              Huatai United Securities was awarded the
     in Comprehensive Evaluation on Main Market        “Best Domestic Investment Bank ( 本 土 最 佳 投
     Makers for Shanghai-Listed Funds in 2025 ( 滬      行 )”, “Best Investment Bank in Practicing ESG
     市上市基金主做市商 2025 年度綜合評價 AA 評級 )”,                   ( 最佳踐行 ESG 投行 )”, “Best Investment Bank in

                                                                                                                  About Us
     “Outstanding Bond Market Maker ( 優 秀 債 券 做        Equity Underwriting ( 最佳股權承銷投行 )”, “Best
     市商 )”, “Top 100 Institutions on Bond Market ( 債   Investment Bank in Bond Underwriting ( 最
     券市場百強機構 )”, etc.                                  佳債權承銷投行 )”, “Best Refinancing Investment
                                                       Bank ( 最 佳 再 融 資 投 行 )”, “Best IPO Investment
     Huatai United Securities was awarded the
                                                       Bank ( 最佳 IPO 投行 )”, “Best Investment Bank in
     “2024 Outstanding Underwriter of Industry
                                                       Mergers and Acquisitions ( 最佳併購投行 )”, “Best
     Bonds (2024 年 度 產 業 債 券 優 秀 承 銷 商 )”, “2024
                                                       Investment Bank in Serving Overseas Markets
     Outstanding Underwriter of Corporate
                                                       ( 海外市場能力最佳投行 )”, “Best Investment Bank
     Bonds (2024 年 度 公 司 債 券 優 秀 承 銷 商 )” “2024

                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                       in Science & Intelligent Manufacturing Industry
     Outstanding Underwriter of Government-
                                                       ( 科技與智能製造產業最佳投行 )”, “Best Investment
     backed Institutional Bonds (2024 年度政府支持
                                                       Bank in Consumer Industry ( 大消費產業最佳投

                                                                                                                and Strategies
     機構債券優秀承銷商 )”, etc.
                                                       行 )”, “Best Investment Bank in Healthcare &
                                                       Medical Industry ( 大健康產業最佳投行 )”, etc.

     Shenzhen Stock Exchange:                          The selection of “2025 Junding Award in
                                                       China’s Securities Industry” (2025 年度中國證
     The Company was awarded the “Rating AA in
                                                       券業君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times (
                                                                                             《證
     Evaluation on Liquidity Services for Shenzhen-
                                                       券時報》):
     Listed Funds in 2025 ( 深 市 基 金 2025 年 度 流
     動 性 服 務 評 價 AA 評 級 )”, “Top 100 Institution in




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                                       Huatai United Securities was awarded the
     Bond Trading ( 債 券 交 易 百 強 機 構 )”, “Pioneer       “Junding Award for All-round Investment
     Institution for Bond Market-making ( 債券做市先        Banking” ( 全能投行君鼎獎 ), “Junding Award for
     鋒機構 ”), etc.                                      Overseas Investment Banking ( 境外投行君鼎獎)”,
                                                       “Junding Award for M&As and Reorganization
                                                       Financial Advisory” ( 併購重組財務顧問君鼎獎 ),
                                                       etc.

     The selection of the “SRP China 2025              China Foreign Exchange Trade System:
     Awards (2025 年 度 SRP 中 國 區 獎 項 )” held
                                                       The Company was awarded the “Market
     by Structured Retail Products, a provider of
                                                       Outstanding Co-construction Institution ( 市
     structured products market consulting:
                                                       場卓越共建機構 )”, “Market Innovative Business


                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
     The Company was awarded the “Best Flat            Institution ( 市場創新業務機構 )”, etc.
     Counterparty Securities Company ( 最佳平盤方
     證券公司 )”, etc.


                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
     The selection of the “Jinding Award ( 金鼎獎 )”
     organized by National Business Daily (《 每 日
     經濟新聞》):

     Huatai United Securities was awarded the “2025
     Best Manager among Brokers and Investment
     Banks (2025 年 度 券 商 投 行 最 佳 管 理 人 )”, “2025
     Innovation Leadership Project Award (2025 年 度
     創新引領項目獎 )”, etc.




                                                                                                         031
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           Investment management business
                Shanghai Stock Exchange:                          The selection of “2025 Junding Award in
                                                                  China’s Securities Industry (2025 年度中國證券
                Huatai Asset Management was awarded the
                                                                  業君鼎獎 )” organized by Securities Times (《證
                “Outstanding Participant of Infrastructure
                                                                  券時報》):
                Public Offering REITs for 2024 (2024 年度優秀基
                礎設施公募 REITs 參與人 )”, etc.                          Huatai Asset Management was awarded
                                                                  the “Junding Award for All-round Asset
                                                                  Management Institution” ( 全能資管機構君鼎獎 ),
                                                                  etc.

                The selection of “Golden Bull Award for           The selection of the “Yinghua Typical Cases for
                Securities Industry ( 證 券 業 金 牛 獎 )” organized    Asset Management Industry of China in 2025
                by China Securities Journal (《中國證券報》):            (2025 年中國資產管理行業英華典型案例 )” held by
                                                                  China Fund News (《中國基金報》):
                Huatai Asset Management was awarded the
                “2025 Golden Bull Broker and Collective Asset     China Southern Asset Management was
                Manager (2025 年度金牛券商集合資產管理人 )”,                   awarded the “Asset Management Institution
                etc.                                              for Fintech ( 金融科技資產管理機構 )”, etc.

                The selection of the “Yinghua Typical Cases for   The selection of “Chinese Venture 2024
                Index Ecosystem in 2025 (2025 年指數生態圈英             Chinese Equity Investment Rankings ( 融 中
                華典型案例 )” held by China Fund News 《( 中國            2024 年度中國股權投資榜單 )” held by Chinese
                基金報》):                                            Venture ( 融資中國 ):

                China Southern Asset Management was               Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded
                awarded the “Typical Cases of ETF Managers        the “Chinese Private Equity Investment
                (ETF 管理人典型案例 )”, “Typical Cases of Index          Institutions TOP30 ( 中 國 私 募 股 權 投 資 機 構
                Product (Non ETF) Managers ( 指數產品 ( 非 ETF)        TOP30)”, “Best Chinese Private Equity Investment
                管理人典型案例 )”, etc.                                  Institution in Returns ( 中國最佳回報私募股權投資
                                                                  機構 )”, “Best Chinese Subsidiaries of Brokers for
                Huatai-PB was awarded the “Typical Cases of
                                                                  Private Equity ( 中國最佳券商私募子公司 )”, “Best
                ETF Managers (ETF 管理人典型案例 )”, etc.
                                                                  Chinese State-owned Investment Institution ( 中
                                                                  國最佳國資投資機構 )”, etc.

                The selection of “22nd Golden Bull Award
                for Fund Industry 第 22 屆 中 國 基 金 業 金 牛 獎 )”
                organized by China Securities Journal (《中國證
                券報》):

                Huatai-PB was awarded the “Golden Bull
                Award for Fund Management Companies
                ( 金牛基金管理公司獎 )”, “Golden Bull Award for
                Passive Investment Fund Companies ( 被動投資
                金牛基金公司獎 )”, “Golden Bull Award for Back-
                selling ( 逆向銷售金牛獎 )”, etc.




032
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
International business
     Bloomberg Businessweek 《( 彭博商業周刊》):                  The Asset 《( 財資》) Magazine:

     Huatai International was awarded the                 Huatai International was awarded the “Best
     “Outstanding Family Office Service Award ( 家         Corporate and Institutional Advisor ( 最佳企業
     族 辦 公 室 服 務 卓 越 大 獎 )”, “Outstanding Wealth          與機構顧問 )”, “Best Private Bond Advisor ( 最佳
     Management Platform Award (財富管理平台傑出大                 私募債顧問 )”, “Best Sustainable Bond ( 最佳可
     獎 )”, “Outstanding New Capital Investment Entrant    持續發展債券 )”, “Best Green Bond ( 最佳綠色債
     Scheme Award ( 新資本投資者入境計劃傑出大獎 )”,                    券 )”, “Most Innovative Transaction ( 最具創新性
     “Outstanding Initial Public Offering Project Award   交易 )”, “Best Hybrid Bond ( 最佳混合債券 )”, etc.

                                                                                                                  About Us
     ( 首次公開招股項目卓越大獎 )”, “Outstanding Cross-
     border Securities Service Award ( 跨境證券服務卓越
     大獎 )”, “Excellence Award for Risk Management ( 風
     險 管 理 卓 越 大 獎 )”, “Annual Outstanding Financial
     Derivatives Institution Award ( 年 度 金 融 衍 生 產 品
     機 構 卓 越 大 獎 )”, “Annual Outstanding Securities
     Agency Company Award ( 年度證券代理公司卓越大
     獎 )”, etc.


                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
     Asian Private Banker 《( 亞洲私人銀行家》):                   HKEX:

     Huatai International was awarded the “Best           Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) was

                                                                                                                and Strategies
     Wealth Manager – HNW ( 最 佳 財 富 管 理 機 構 －             awarded the “Most Active Market Maker – RMB
     高 淨 值 客 戶 )”, “Best Wealth Manager – Digital         Counter ( 人民幣櫃台最活躍莊家 )”, etc.
     Innovation ( 最 佳 財 富 管 理 機 構 － 數 字 化 創 新 )”,
     etc.

     The selection of “15th China Securities Golden       China Securities Journal 《( 中國證券報》):
     Bauhinia Award” held by Hong Kong TaKung
                                                          Huatai International was awarded the “2025
     Wenwei Media Group( 香港大公文匯傳媒集團 ):




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                                          Golden Bull Award for H-share IPO Sponsoring
     Huatai International was awarded the                 (2025 年度港股 IPO 保薦金牛獎 )”, etc.
     “Outstanding Financial Service Institution ( 卓越
     金融服務機構 )”, etc.

     Structured Retail Products (《 結 構 零 售 產 品》)
     (SRP):

     Huatai International was awarded the “Best
     Stock Institution in Asia ( 亞洲股票類最佳機構 )”,
     etc.




                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                         033
 HUATAI SECURITIES




            2        Operating Analysis
                     and Strategies




034
                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis                            Financial Report and
ANNUAL REPORT 2025                   About Us                                                                     and Strategies      Corporate Governance   Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                                                                                        035
                     Summary of the Company’s Business   Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                              and Board Report
                     036                                 042
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of the
          Company's Business




          I. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR INDUSTRY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          Our Group conducts business operations in the securities industry, and the operating results of such industry
          are closely related to the development trend of the capital market. Principal businesses of the Group have
          always been focusing on capital market services, and its performance is affected by multiple factors such
          as the domestic and overseas economic environment, policy environment and market environment. During
          the Reporting Period, in response to the needs of domestic and overseas clients, the Group leveraged on
          its efficient full business chain system and leading digital intelligence financial development capabilities,
          continued to enhance its diversified, integrated and differentiated product and service advantages,
          continuously deepened its service model and operation model transition amidst the complex and volatile
          market environment, and proactively broadened new business fields and growth space, thus maintaining
          a momentum of steady development with positive outlook, with its major financial indicators and market
          position of its principal business outperforming most peers in the industry. Details of industry position of the
          Group’s principal businesses during the Reporting Period, please refer to the section headed “Operation
          Discussion and Analysis” under the “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” in this report.

          As China accelerates the strategic deployment of constructing a financial powerhouse, focuses on
          advancing high-quality financial development and continues to deepen financial system reform,
          anchoring direction for the high-quality development of the capital markets at the beginning year of the
          “15th Five-Year Plan”, the reform of top-level system of the capital market will be accelerated and the role
          of serving the modernization development layout with Chinese characteristics and the real economy
          will be continuously enhancing. With the implementation of the new round of capital market reform and
          opening up, the solid promotion of the “Five Major Areas of Finance”, and the continuous deepening of
          the comprehensive reform of capital market investment and financing, China’s multi-level capital market
          system is more complete, market functions are continuously improved, market resilience is significantly
          enhanced, and market ecology is continuously purified. As the main “service provider” for direct financing,
          an important “gatekeeper” for the capital market and a professional “manager” of social wealth, the
          securities industry’s functional positioning is comprehensively deepened, and it will usher in new strategic
          development opportunities, but also face new risks and challenges. Meanwhile, the high level of systematic
          opening up of the capital market, the cultivation of first-class investment banks and investment institutions,
          the moderate expansion of the space for high-quality institutional capital, as well as the policy guidance
          of strengthening the classified supervision and supporting the ones with good performance and restricting
          those with poor performance, will guide the securities companies to speed up the transformation and




036
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
upgrading of their business and management models, and the competition layout of the securities industry
will thus also be deeply reshaped. Furthermore, the increasingly complex and volatile internal and external
market environment has put forward higher requirements for integrated customer service and high efficient
operation and management in the securities industry, and high-quality securities companies with leading
capital strength, outstanding professional capabilities, solid customer base, sound and compliant business,
comprehensive synergy mechanism, and integrated management and control at home and abroad will
have a greater competitive advantage.



II. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR BUSINESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                                       About Us
The Group is a leading technology-driven securities group in the industry, with a highly collaborative
business model, a cutting-edge digital intelligence platform and an extensive and engaging customer
base. Our principal businesses comprise wealth management business, institutional services business,
investment management business and international business. The Group constructs a client-oriented
organizational structure and mechanism, provides comprehensive securities and financial services for
individual, enterprise and institutional clients from home and abroad through an intelligence, integrated
and international operation mode, and aims to become a leading investment bank with strong domestic
advantages and global influence.


                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                "One Client" internally
     WEALTH                                                                                   INSTITUTIONAL
     MANAGEMENT                                                                               SERVICES
                                               "One Huatai" externally

     To create a ﬁrst-class wealth                                                            To build a ﬁrst-class
     service platform with both                                                               all-product, whole-chain
     scale advantages and                               INTELLIGENT                           full-cycle comprehensive
     professional characteristics                                                             ﬁnancial service system


                                       INTEGRATED                     INTERNATIONALISED




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                                          AI-Driven
     INVESTMENT                                                                               INTERNATIONAL
     MANAGEMENT                         End-to-End
                                       Business Chain
                                                                            Co-creation
                                                                           of Long-term       BUSINESS
                                          Synergy                              Value
     To cultivate a ﬁrst-class                                                                To become a leading
     asset management brand                                                                   investment bank facilitating
     with diﬀerentiated                                                                       global industrial expansion
     characteristics and                                                                      and asset allocation for
     advantages of securities                                                                 Chinese clients
     company




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
           We provide customers with diversified wealth management services, including securities, futures and options
           brokerage, financial products sales, fund investment advisory business, and capital-based intermediary




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
           business through mobile client APP, professional PC platforms, securities and futures subsidiaries and branch
           offices, Huatai International and its affiliated overseas subsidiaries, in online and offline modes, domestic
           and overseas linkage. For securities, futures and options brokerage, we mainly execute trades on behalf
           of our clients in stocks, funds, bonds, futures and options, etc. to provide trading services. For the financial
Wealth     products sales business, we mainly provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and
Management asset allocation services, and the related financial products are managed by the Group and other financial
           institutions. Our fund investment advisory business mainly entails upon acceptance of clients’ engagement,
Business
           selecting specific category, amount and timing of trading of investment funds on behalf of our clients
           within the scope of clients’ authorization in accordance with terms of agreement and submitting trading
           applications including, among others, subscription, redemption and conversion. In respect of capital based
           intermediary business, we provide diversified financing services including margin financing and securities
           lending as well as stock pledged repurchase. Key performance drivers to wealth management business
           include fee and commission income, interest income, etc.




                                                                                                                              037
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          With investment banking serving as the traction and institutional sales serving as a link, we integrate
                          investment banking, institutional investor services and investment trading business resources to provide
                          various types of corporate and institutional clients with all-round comprehensive financial services, which
                          mainly include investment banking business, prime brokerage business, research and institutional sales
                          business and investment and trading business.
                          (1)Investment banking business primarily consists of domestic and overseas equity financing, bond financing,
                          financial advisory, OTC business, etc. For equity financing business, we provide issuance and underwriting
                          domestic and overseas IPO, equity refinancing and depository receipts for our clients. For bond financing
                          business, we provide issuance and underwriting services including various types of domestic and overseas
                          bond financing and asset securitization for our clients. For financial advisory business, we provide professional
                          services including industrial merger and acquisition, share acquisition, financing advisory, corporate
                          restructure and public offering of REITs for our clients. For OTC business, we provide clients with NEEQ listing and
                          follow-on financing services. Key performance drivers to investment banking business include underwriting
                          and sponsorship fees, financial advisory fees, etc. for stocks, bonds and merger and acquisition business.
                          (2)Prime brokerage business mainly includes the provision of asset custody and fund services for various
                          types of asset management institutions, such as private and mutual funds, including settlement, liquidation,
          Institutional   reporting and valuation. In addition, it also provides transactions, margin trading, sales of financial products,
                          derivatives trading and other value-added services for clients of prime brokerage. Key performance drivers to
          Services        prime brokerage business include fees for the fund custody and service business.
          Business        (3)Research and institutional sales business mainly consists of research business and institutional sales
                          business. For research business, we provide various professional research and advisory services for clients
                          from home and abroad. For institutional sales business, we promote and sell diversified securities products
                          and services to various institutional clients. Key performance drivers to research and institutional sales
                          business include incomes from services concerning various research and other institutions.
                          (4)Investment and trading business mainly includes equity investment, FICC trading and OTC derivative
                          transactions. The Group conducts equity, FICC and other financial instruments transactions, and reduces
                          investment risks and increases investment returns through various trading strategies and techniques. At the
                          same time, in order to meet customers’ needs for investment and financing as well as risk management,
                          we also engage in market making business and OTC derivatives business. In terms of equity investment, we
                          invest and trade stocks, ETFs and derivatives, and engage in market making services for stocks in the STAR
                          Market, financial derivatives and financial products. In terms of FICC trading, we invest and trade all kinds of
                          FICC and derivatives in the interbank and exchange bond markets, and engage in market making services for
                          interbank and exchange markets as well as carbon emissions trading. In terms of OTC derivative transactions,
                          we develop and trade OTC financial products for customers, mainly including equity return swaps, OTC
                          options and structured notes. Key performance drivers to investment and trading business include investment
                          incomes from equity, FICC products and derivatives, etc.

                     We accept fund entrustments from clients, develop and provide various financial products for our clients and
                     manage their assets through our professional investment and research platform as well as our substantial
                     client base, effectively satisfying their investment and financing needs. Our investment management
                     business mainly consists of securities firm asset management, private equity fund management and
                     asset management for fund companies, etc. For securities firm asset management, we participate in the
                     operation of securities firm asset management business through our wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai Asset
          Investment Management; such business includes collective asset management business, single asset management
                     business, specialized asset management business and public offering fund management business (which is
          Management operated on a differentiated basis from our public offering fund management business for fund companies
          Business   under the Group). For private equity fund management business, we operate private equity funds business,
                     which includes investment and management of private equity funds, through our wholly-owned subsidiary
                     Huatai Purple Gold Investment. For asset management business for fund companies, the Group holds non-
                     controlling interests in two public offering fund management companies, namely China Southern Asset
                     Management and Huatai-PB, through which we participate in the operation of asset management business
                     for fund companies. Key performance drivers to asset management business include management fee
                     income, investment income, etc.

                          In overseas markets and with Huatai International as its holding platform for international business, the Group
                          operates international business through the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Huatai International including
                          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), Huatai Securities (USA) and the Singapore Subsidiary. Based on the
                          Hong Kong market, it steadily deploys on the US, Europe, Asia and other major markets.
                          (1)The operations of the Group in Hong Kong are mainly conducted by Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong),
                          a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International, which comprehensively connects with full business chain
                          system of the Group and provides one-stop cross-border integrated financial services for domestic and
                          foreign customers.
                          (2)Huatai Securities (USA) is primarily engaged in investment banking and institutional securities and other
                          businesses. It holds dual membership as an IPO lead underwriter on the New York Stock Exchange and
          International   an underwriting member on the Nasdaq Stock Market in the United States. It has obtained the US broker-
                          dealer license, the US proprietary trading license, the U.S. Treasury bond brokerage qualification, the non-U.S.
          Business        sovereign bond brokerage qualification, etc., and has obtained the business qualification for securities trading
                          with institutional investors in Canada and market access to major stock exchanges in Europe.
                          (3)The Singapore Subsidiary owns the licenses for capital market services and the waiver of licensing
                          requirements on wealth management advisory issued by Monetary Authority of Singapore and conducts
                          securities trading and corporate financing businesses in Singapore. It has obtained the qualification as a
                          certified issuer manager of Main Board of the Singapore Stock Exchange, and is eligible to participate in the
                          sponsor related work for Main Board listing projects. Additionally, it has been granted the Foreign Portfolio
                          Investor (FPI) registration certificate by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, officially qualifying it to
                          invest in the Indian capital market.
                          Key performance drivers to international business include wealth management income, investment banking
                          income, investment income, asset management income, etc.




038
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
III. ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESSES DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD

(I) A First-Class Investment Bank Firmly Committed to the Path of High-Quality Development

The year of 2025 marks the 34th anniversary of the establishment of Huatai Securities, the 15th anniversary of its A-share
listing and the 10th anniversary of its H-share listing. Over the years, Huatai Securities firmly resonated with the development
of the times and strode forward with national strategies. It focused on its main responsibility and business, strengthened
its functions and positioning, adhered to the principle of integrity and innovation, and had the courage to initiate self-
innovation. It consistently consolidated its industry-leading position in terms of high-quality development, actively built its
core competitiveness across cycles, strove to build a first-class investment bank with both local advantages and global

                                                                                                                                            About Us
influence, and embarked on a differentiated development path. Since 2019, it has been an important historical stage for
Huatai Securities to achieve strategic advancement and leapfrog development. Huatai Securities has firmly promoted the
“two-pronged ( 雙輪驅動 )” development strategy of wealth management and institutional services under the technology
empowerment, and built a more open and interconnected, professionally empowered, and innovation-guided financial
service ecosystem. It has made new important breakthroughs in international layout and digital intelligence development,
and has always maintained a steady and enterprising development trend, with its operating performance improving,
its asset size and profitability ranking among the forefront in the industry, and its development of wealth management,
investment banking, asset management, investment and trading and other core businesses maintaining the leading
position in the industry. As the first international securities group listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London, the Group has
developed the first-class brand image with wide influence and recognition in domestic and overseas markets. During
the Reporting Period, Standard & Poor’s kept the long-term issuer rating of “BBB+” with stable prospect for the Group and


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
its subsidiary Huatai International, which is the highest level among Chinese-funded securities companies. The MSCI
ESG rating of the Company has maintained the highest level among domestic securities companies since 2021 and
maintained at AAA rating since 2024, ranking at the top level globally among investment banks for two consecutive years.



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
(II) An Integrated Service System for the Entire Business Chain with the Ability to Create First-Class
Professional Value

The Group always adheres to the customers’ needs-oriented approach, and consistently strives to create real professional
value for customers with first-class professional capabilities. The Group proactively taps into the frontier areas of business
innovation and technological innovation, focusing on building a brand-new development model driven by artificial
intelligence. Relying on the full business chain system of “One Customer” internally and “One Huatai” externally, it continued
to strengthen its leading position and unique advantages in key customers and industries, continuously polished the
integrated full business chain system with international competitiveness, and actively expanded new development space




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
and growth points. In the field of personal customer services, it has established and improved the operation system
and development model driven by the headquarters and linked with the headquarters and branches, and dedicated to
explore and advance the integration of new artificial intelligence technology with its wealth management business. It was
the first in the industry to launch an AI native securities trading platform, enhancing the professional service capabilities
for trading and asset allocation based on financial platform empowerment and driven by digital intelligence operation,
guiding industry innovation, and consolidating and enhancing the leading position and brand influence in wealth
management services. In the field of institutional customer services, it focused on the diverse financial needs of domestic
and foreign institutional customers, created an integrated and collaborative platform-based institutional business system,
and strived to enhance its core capabilities in asset pricing, research, trading and product creation, with its service level
for key strategic customers in the fields of mutual funds and insurance ranking among the forefront in the industry. In the
field of corporate customer services, it has long been deeply involved in emerging and future industries, always upholds
the professional perspective of industry penetration and the concept logic of investment banking to serve the corporate
growth. It has continuously strengthened the industrial insight, industrial cognition, value discovery and asset pricing
capabilities, to promote the organic integration and effective linkage of research, investment, investment banking and
other full business chain resources, provide cross market, full product and full cycle capital market services for various




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
enterprises, and continue to assist a large number of excellent enterprises in development and growth.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   039
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Technology Advantages Continuously Leading Digital Financial Reform of the Industry

          Technology empowerment is the core competitiveness primarily developed by the Group and a differentiated development feature
          leading the industry. Over the years, the Group has consistently pioneered financial technology renovation. In 2009, the Group was the
          first in the industry in deploying mobile client APP, thus seizing the business development opportunities in the tide of internet. Since
          2019, in light of the huge potential presented by technological innovation in the financial industry, the Group has firstly initiated the
          comprehensive digital transformation from organization structure to platform structure to facilitate the implementation of the digital
          operation thinking in all levels of pre-, middle- and post ends. Through transformation practice and capability accumulation, technology
          has become the core driver for the Group to improve value creation capability and market competitiveness. In recent years, the Group
          created a series of important platforms that led industry innovation and development in key business areas including“ZhangLe ( 漲
          樂 )”,“Xing Zhi ( 行知 )”,“CAMS”and“FICC Elephant Trading Platform(FICC 大象交易平台 )”. Additionally, the Group proactively extended
          the characteristics advantages of platform-based development of domestic businesses to overseas markets, continued to strengthen
          the platform capability support for the international deployment expansion of key businesses, and built up integrated technological
          capability to serve the whole world. In particular, its self-developed Global Trading Platform (GTP) had been launched and put into
          operation thoroughly, further enhancing the global market trading capability. In the face of and in response to the new wave of
          intelligence, the Group fully embraced and deployed the cutting-edge AI technology, regarded it as a necessary path for integrating
          technological genes into business development, strived to promote the advancement from comprehensive digital transformation to
          comprehensive intelligence transformation and development, and deeply explored the implementation of artificial intelligence to lead
          and drive business development, as well as reshape and upgrade management and operations. The Group continuously strengthened
          the foundation of AI capabilities, focused on building an integrated financial platform based on the accumulation and encapsulation
          of professional capabilities across the entire business chain, created an industry-leading data, model and computing base, and
          constructed an efficient large model platform system to support model management, intelligent agent construction and production
          deployment. Supported by a high-level technological foundation and platform capabilities, the Group actively explored the reshaping
          of business models with AI thinking and technology, and continuously achieved breakthroughs in key value scenarios such as wealth,
          investment research, investment banking, and trading, dedicating to creating a new development model driven by AI.

          (IV) International Development Capability at the Leading Edge of High-Level Financial Opening Up

          Internationalization is the inevitable path for the Group to become a world-class investment bank. Over the past
          decade, the Group has fully capitalized on the strategic opportunities presented by China’s economic transformation
          and upgrading, as well as the two-way opening of its capital market. Adhering to its advantages in local resources and
          leveraging Hong Kong as a strategic pivot, in the course of accompanying domestic customers in “going global” and
          overseas customers in “coming to China”, the Group actively promoted the integrated operation and management of
          its main businesses both at home and abroad, expanding its client and service networks to major markets globally and
          in key regions. This has enabled the Group to establish cross-border, integrated and comprehensive financial services
          capabilities, and firmly placed it at the forefront of Chinese securities firms in Hong Kong. From setting a new record
          for financing with its H-share listing in 2015, establishing US Subsidiary in 2018, and becoming the first Chinese financial
          institution to issue GDRs and list on the London Stock Exchange in 2019, to establishing Singapore Subsidiary in 2022,
          obtaining the access qualification for investment in India capital market and establishing Japanese Subsidiary in 2025,
          the Group has gradually developed a global value chain system with its presence and interconnected development in
          numerous regions in Chinese Mainland, Asia, Europe and the US, continuously enhancing its participation and influence
          in international markets. International business has become an important driving force for the development and
          advancement of the Group. In the past two years, the Group has lifted internationalization to a new level and further
          promoted it as a key future-oriented strategy. The Group has fully explored and developed business opportunities and
          resources in overseas markets, further expanded its business space, and continued to enhance its professional capabilities
          and asset scale in overseas business. The Group firmly promoted an integrated layout at home and abroad from talent
          reserves to infrastructure construction, thereby deeply integrating into the international market. The Group actively seized
          the strategic opportunities in the process of restructuring the global industrial chain and value chain, and while assisting
          Chinese companies, institutions and wealth management client bases in their global development layout, it has focused
          on promoting international development to a higher level.




040
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(V) Comprehensive Compliance and Risk Control Systems with Professional and Digital Accumulation

The Group continuously deepens the building of capabilities on digital compliance and risk control and management and
strives to implement and improve the integrated and group-level compliance and risk management structure and system. On
the premise of adhering to the bottom line, the Group proactively planned ahead, and accurately assessed potential business
risks, to enhance compliance value creation capabilities and effectively empower business innovation and development.
The Group was the first in the industry to promote digital compliance construction and comprehensively enhance digital
compliance innovation capabilities. The Group continuously strengthened the management of integrity business practices,
and consolidated the integrated compliance management mechanism of the Group, so as to safeguard the high-quality and
stable development. Meanwhile, the Group adhered to the risk management culture of “moving forward with steady progress”,
and upheld the risk management concept with “full participation, coverage and penetration”, to consolidate the integrated
risk management system at home and abroad, continuously strengthen risk management capabilities that match business
development, and better support the implementation of internationalization strategies. The Group adhered to the concept

                                                                                                                                                About Us
orientation of deeply integrating risk management into business and resonating with business development, focused on
enhancing the foresight of risk identification and prevention in key business areas, upgrading and iterating various professional
risk management tools. Centering on the core goal of “real-time, dynamic and measurable” risk management, the Group
strived to promote the digital intelligence transformation in the risk management sector, continuously empowered the value
advancement of risk management, and provided solid guarantees for high-quality business development.

(VI) Development Platform Empowering Overall Growth Of First-Class And Professional Talents

The Group always adheres to the “people-oriented” concept, and strives to build a talent mechanism guided by value
creation, committing to stimulate the vitality of talents and upgrade the value of talents, constructing an integrated
platform for the comprehensive growth and development of talents, and endeavoring to realize the mutual achievement


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
between the Company and its talents. In recent years, the Group has continuously improved the mechanism of market-
oriented selection and employment and effectively carried out the tenure system and contractual management of senior
management. Senior management members practically conduct exploration with a forward-looking horizon and lead all



                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
staff of Huatai to constantly explore development potential and vigorously promote the advancement and progress in the
development of the Group. The Group persistently implemented the strategy of building a strong enterprise with talents,
and adhered to the talent selection and appointment mechanism with the orientation of capabilities and contributions.
On this basis, it has established and improved the all-round, multi-layered and three-dimensional talent supply chain
systems and talent cultivation mechanisms with the characteristics of Huatai. The Group attached great importance
to the cultivation of outstanding young talents in the market and practice, and actively attracted a number of industry
leading talents to build a team of high-quality managers and professionals with international vision and cross-border
business experience. Meanwhile, the Group proactively guided employees to constantly enhance awareness on rules,
cherished occupational reputation, carried forward professional spirit and abided by business ethics to refresh the fine
tradition of the staff the Huatai in continuous iteration and development, which provided solid guarantees of talents to the




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
strategic advancement of the Group.

(VII) Corporate Cultural Value System with Openness, Diversity and Sound Progressiveness

Over its development of more than three decades, Huatai Securities has built culture as a bridge connecting strategic goals
and execution, and a link between individuals and organizations. Under the new development landscape, the Group firmly
practiced the financial culture of “five musts and five don’ts” with Chinese characteristics, and integrated it into the entire
process and all aspects of business development. Also, in combination with the cultural concept of the securities industry and
taking into account its own development characteristics, the Group developed a characteristic cultural and brand matrix that
integrates Party building culture, technology culture, compliance culture, risk culture, people-oriented culture and accountability
culture, and continuously enhanced the internal and external recognition and penetration of culture. The Group always insisted
on improving its “hard strength” through cultural “soft power”, embeded the values of “customer first”, “professionalism as the
foundation”, “diligence and pragmatism”, “mutual improvement with synergy” and “value creation” into employees’ daily work,
advocated and constantly developed a corporate culture with equity, openness, diversity and inclusiveness, continuously
enhanced the mechanism of respecting professionalism and encouraging creation, enabling employees back to the real value




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
creation work while accelerating the AI integration, and constantly fostered innovative vitality through rapid iteration in cultural
integration. The Group also actively transformed its corporate cultural strengths into value-creating advantages in serving
the national strategies, and made concrete efforts in the “Five Major Areas of Finance”. The Group expanded the depth and
breadth of financial services, and provided higher-quality and more efficient financial support for the development of the real




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
economy. By consolidating the cultural foundation that aligns with the vision of becoming “a first-class investment bank with
both domestic advantages and global influence”, the Group built the “soft power” that moved forward with steady progress
and continued to make greater contributions to the high-quality development of the capital market.




                                                                                                                                       041
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Management Discussion
          and Analysis and Board
          Report




          I. OPERATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                           Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                   Year-
                                                                                on-year
                                                                              change of
                                                                               segment         Year-
                           Segment                                              revenue      on-year
                            revenue                              Segment      and other    change of       Year-on-year
                          and other                                 profit       income     segment           change of
                             income      Segment       Segment    margin      and gains     expenses      segment profit
          Segment         and gains      expenses        results      (%)            (%)         (%)             margin

          Wealth                                                                                         Increase of 4.33
          management      23,970,207    (15,119,252) 8,850,955       36.92         25.59         17.53       percentage
          business                                                                                                points
          Institutional                                                                                  Increase of 17.05
          services         10,101,925    (7,146,551)   2,955,374     29.26         23.65       (0.36)         percentage
          business                                                                                                 points
          Investment                                                                                     Increase of 61.53
          management      3,829,649     (1,438,792)    2,878,378     75.16        43.98        (5.97)         percentage
          business                                                                                                 points
                                                                                                           Decrease of
          International
                          8,729,609     (5,079,508)    3,653,245     41.85       (41.68)      (36.78) 4.53 percentage
          business
                                                                                                                points
                                                                                                               Decrease
          Others
                                                                                                                of 45.66
          (including        588,214     (3,387,757)      66,687       11.34      (59.54)       (9.36)
                                                                                                             percentage
          offset)
                                                                                                                  points
                                                                                                         Increase of 5.85
          Segment total   47,219,604    (32,171,860) 18,404,639      38.98          1.90       (3.50)        percentage
                                                                                                                  points




042
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(I) Overall Operation Conditions

The year of 2025 is the final year of the “14th Five Year Plan”. In the complex situation of rapid changes in the
external environment and increasing domestic challenges and pressures, China’s economy was moving
towards a new direction and demonstrating resilience. Meanwhile, under the policy guidance of “improving
the system inclusiveness and adaptability of the capital market”, the comprehensive reform of capital
market investment and financing continued to deepen, and its role in serving the high-quality development
of the real economy and cultivating new quality productive forces was becoming more prominent, which
brought about new opportunities and challenges to the development of securities firms. The Group
proactively responded to the profound changes in the domestic and international environment, focused on

                                                                                                                             About Us
the main responsibility and business of capital market services, always adhered to the “customer-centric”
principle, made concrete efforts in the “Five Major Areas of Finance”, firmly deepened the “two-pronged
( 雙輪驅動 )” development strategy of wealth management and institutional services under the technology
empowerment, continuously strengthened the strategic layout of its international business and domestic
and overseas integrated linkage, actively explored and implemented digital intelligence transformation
and development, strived to promote the traction and driving of artificial intelligence on business operation
and management operation, enhanced business synergy and value creation capabilities, continuously
built a future-oriented core competitiveness across economic cycles, maintained a steady, enterprising
and good development momentum, and maintained at the forefront in the industry in terms of overall

                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
business performance. Key initiatives included: in terms of personal customer services, the Group took
“creating value for customers” as the core, continued to enhance its integrated customer service operating


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
level based on empowerment of financial platforms, improved the professional capabilities of investment
advisory teams in trading service and asset allocation, actively explored the integration and innovation
of artificial intelligence technology and business, and firstly launched the “AI ZhangLe” APP, an AI native
application focused on trading scenarios; in terms of institutional customer services, the Group focused
on the diverse financial needs of key institutional customers at home and abroad, continuously improved
its global and total asset trading and sales capabilities, further enhanced its asset pricing capabilities,
actively promoted the productization of trading capabilities, continuously strengthened its intermarket
and inter-commodity synergy advantages, and maintained the leading position in key areas such as




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
market making trading and equity derivatives; in terms of corporate customer services, the Group actively
seized the strategic opportunities presented by the innovative development of Chinese enterprises and
global value chain layout, strengthened its profound insights into industries, enterprises and assets, fully
leveraged the traction role of its entire business chain to continuously enhance its integrated service system
across market with full coverage of products, and proactively supported the construction of a modernized
industrial system; in terms of international development, the Group focused on deepening the cross-border
integrated development of major business lines, accelerated the construction of a unified support system
for the middle and back platforms adapt to the business operation globally, efficiently integrated domestic
and foreign full business chain resources, continuously improved overseas business layout, actively
expanded new development space, and better supported high-level financial opening-up; in terms of




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
digital intelligence development, by relying on AI-driven methodologies and technologies, the Group further
reshaped its front, middle and back platforms, continuously strengthened the construction of fundamental
capabilities of data, model, computing power and other aspects, and implemented multiple artificial
intelligence applications in customer service, key businesses, and middle and back-end empowerment



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
scenarios. In addition, the Group continued to enhance the global integration technology capabilities of
key business platforms such as the Global Trading Platform and the FICC Elephant Trading Platform, and
extended its long-term technological empowerment advantages overseas. During the Reporting Period, the
Group’s operating results and its overall strength continued to remain at the forefront of the industry.

The year of 2026 marks the inaugural year of the “15th Five-Year Plan” and is also a pivotal year for the
Company to embark on a comprehensive intelligent transformation and build core competitiveness
for the future. Setting off anew from the new starting point, the Group will focus on the strategic goal of
building a world-class investment bank. Focusing on its core business of serving the capital market and
upholding its primary responsibility of serving the real economy, the Company will fully deepen its core
development strategy of “two-pronged ( 雙輪驅動 )” of wealth management and institutional services
under the technology empowerment, reshape the AI-driven business and organizational advancement,




                                                                                                                    043
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          fully release the deep value of integrated business and technological innovation, and strive to promote
          high-quality development to a new level. Centered on the continuously evolving and diverse financial
          service needs of individuals, institutions and corporate clients both at home and abroad, and with value
          creation as the core, the Company will make every effort to build an integrated and comprehensive service
          capability covering major global markets and coordinated linkage throughout the whole business chain,
          continuously strengthen the existing advantages while actively exploring new growth opportunities, and
          further consolidate and strengthen its leading position in profitability, core business competitiveness, fintech
          strength and international development.

          (II) Wealth Management Business

          1. Market environment

          In recent years, China’s wealth management industry has entered a critical stage of rapid development and
          transformation and upgrading, with the market size continuing to expand and the competitive landscape
          becoming increasingly complex. With profound changes in the economy and population structure, as well as
          the continuous downward shift of the interest rate center, residents’ asset allocation is shifting from “savings
          preservation” to “investment appreciation”, and the demand for wealth management services is becoming
          more diversified, customized and comprehensive. Meanwhile, with the accelerated integration of AI and wealth
          management services, the service model, technological applications and customer experience of wealth
          management are being comprehensively reshaped, and professional financial services are accelerating their
          universalization. Securities companies need to be more “customer-centric”, provide more diversified, more
          accurate products and services which are more conducive to long-term and value investment, help residents
          optimize their asset allocation, achieve win-win results with investors, and share the achievements of industrial
          upgrading and capital market development.

          In 2025, the A share market fluctuated with an upward trend in overall, with trading and investment activity
          remaining robust in the market. According to the statistics from Wind Information, the total turnover in the A
          share market was RMB419.86 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 63.36%. The margin financing
          and securities lending business showed a significant growth trend benefiting from the active market, and
          the balance of margin financing and securities lending business across the market was RMB2,540.682 billion,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 36.26% according to the statistics from Wind Information. For fund
          investment advisory business, service models were continuously innovated, and service strategies and product
          forms were continuously enriched. According to statistics from the Asset Management Association of China, in
          the second half of 2025, the AUM of equity funds of the top 100 fund sales institutions was RMB5,995.0 billion, the
          AUM of non-monetary market funds was RMB11,698.2 billion, and the AUM of stock index funds was RMB2,415.0
          billion. The domestic futures market demonstrated a more active trading, with trading amount growing
          significantly. According to the statistics from the China
          Futures Association, the total turnover of the futures      Changes in total turnover of the A share market
          markets across the country was RMB766.25 trillion,
                                                                                                        Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB
          representing a year-on-year increase of 23.74%.
          Against the backdrop of increasingly diversified            500
          customer demands and more intense market                                                                              419.86
          competition, it is necessary for wealth management          400
          institutions to take the initiative to embrace new
          technologies and integrate into the new ecosystem,          300
                                                                             CAGR
                                                                             +22.07%          257.18                   257.01
          fully integrate internal and external service resources,                                     223.89 212.10
                                                                                     206.04
          actively build a professional and intelligent wealth
                                                                      200
          management service system, and actively develop                   126.88
          full-chain, three-dimensional and full-category
                                                                      100
          financial product allocation portfolios and one-
          stop investment solutions, so as to help customers
                                                                        0
          preserve and increase their wealth with scientific                 2019    2020     2021     2022   2023     2024     2025
          asset allocation and accompanying investment                Source: Wind                                         Total turnover
          advisory services.




044
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Changes in the scale of market-wide margin                            Changes in cumulative turnover in the futures
financing and securities lending business                             market
                              Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                       Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB

30,000                                                                800                                                           766.25

                                                          25,406.82
                                                                      700
25,000                                                                                                                     619.26
          CAGR                                                               CAGR               581.20            568.51
                                                                      600                                534.94
          +16.44%                                                            +17.54%
20,000                    18,321.91               18,645.83
                  16,190.08               16,508.96                   500              437.53
                                  15,403.92
15,000                                                                400
                                                                              290.61


                                                                                                                                                         About Us
         10,192.85
                                                                      300
10,000
                                                                      200
 5,000
                                                                      100

    0                                                                   0
           2019      2020   2021    2022   2023    2024       2025             2019    2020     2021     2022     2023     2024     2025

Source: Wind                                        Business scale    Source：China Futures Association                     The total turnover




                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
2. Operational measures and performance



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
(1) Securities, futures and options brokerage business and wealth management service

During the Reporting Period, the Group fully seized the new round of development opportunities in the
continuously active trading and investment securities market, focused on the mass customers, wealth
management customers, high-net-worth customers and entrepreneurial customers, strived to upgrade
trading services and asset allocation service capabilities, continuously expanded and deepened the
integrated customer service system with comprehensive classification and stratification, continuously
built refined, intelligent, customized and branded service capabilities, and actively improved the service




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
depth and experience of customers throughout their entire life cycle, significantly increasing customer
size and asset scale, and highlighting the market leading advantage and brand influence of inclusive
financial services. Adhering to the core orientation of “creating value for customers”, the Group continuously
strengthened the construction of professional investment tools and strategic service systems driven by
finance and technology, and relied on the professional empowerment of the financial platform to actively
build a deep collaborative business development model for investment research services, strategic
research and development, customer operations, etc., and to provide customers with diversified wealth
management services with more professional value, service value and companionship value. The Group
continuously iterated and upgraded the basic service functions and value-added service performance of
the wealth management platform, and actively explored the construction of AI intelligence and innovation
empowerment upgrades. The Group was the first in the industry to launch the AI native application “AI



                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
ZhangLe” APP that focuses on trading scenarios, striving to create a new AI driven trading service model,
bringing investors a more professional and efficient experience, and leading the intelligent transformation of
trading services. The Group seized the development opportunities of interconnectivity and linkage between



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
domestic and foreign markets, continuously improved the integrated operation of “Cross-boundary Wealth
Management”, proactively built a private wealth management business system with cross-boundary service
capabilities and market competitiveness, continuously optimized the linkage mechanism between domestic
and foreign businesses, continuously expanded the breadth and depth of customer services, and created
a new ecosystem of cross-boundary wealth management services. The Group targeted on the main lines
of investment advisory business, trading strategy and products and services, continuously improved the
buyer-side advisory business model and service system, actively built a hierarchical management team
and a unique product matrix, continuously enriched the AI toolkit to empower investment advisory business
development, accurately matched customers’ asset allocation needs, and enhanced customer service
stickiness. The Group continuously strengthened the construction of investment advisory talent team
and professional quality training. According to internal statistics, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the




                                                                                                                                                045
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          number of the Company’s staff registered for carrying out securities investment consultancy (investment
          advisory) with the Securities Association of China was 3,906.

          In terms of stock options brokerage business, the Company continued to enhance its trading support
          capabilities and professional investors’ comprehensive service level, continued to cultivate qualified
          investors, improved intelligent operation, enhanced risk management, and provided leading derivatives
          trading services centering on customers’ needs. In terms of the futures brokerage business, as of the end
          of the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures had 9 futures branches and 42 futures branches in total covering 4
          municipalities directly under the Central Government and 17 provinces in China, being the agent of 164 types
          of futures. The Group had 245 securities branches permitted to be engaged in Futures IB Business.

          (2) Financial product sales and fund investment advisory business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group was guided by meeting the differentiated and multi-level asset
          allocation needs of clients, and collaboratively promoted the development of financial product sales
          and fund investment advisory businesses, providing clients with diversified portfolio strategies and
          product allocation solutions. The Group continued to enrich the supply system of financial products
          with comprehensive classification and stratification. In terms of mutual funds, the Group actively made
          arrangement in active equity products, focused on passive segmented innovative products, and
          continuously optimized the layout of product lines; in terms of private equity funds, the Group continued
          to promote the selection of managers and products, and strengthened product research and risk control
          and management, with good returns of various segmented strategies for key products. The Group
          further improved the buyer-side investment advisory strategy system, continuously strengthened the
          implementation of asset allocation concepts, continuously optimized the “Worry-free Families ( 省心家族 )”
          allocation service, continuously increased the richness of “Worry-free Investment ( 省心投 )” strategies, and
          achieved overall stable performance; the Group continued to improve the ETF strategy map, dedicating to
          provide customers with diversified choices of products and tools; and the Group continued to optimize
          the “Worry-free ( 省心享 )” service model and allocation approaches, with accelerated growth in business
          scale. The Group continuously optimized the advisory service system of buyer-side investment advisory,
          continued to promote the “Investment-leading Officers ( 領投官 )” model, provided professional supports
          such as strategy-driven investment operations and investment research service systems with the asset
          allocation service platform as the base, and proactively created the investment service system with “Principal
          ( 主理人 )” and “Investment-leading Officers ( 領投官 )” as dual cores. The Group enhanced the capability
          construction of digital platforms, actively explored the application scenarios of AI large model-enabled
          buyer-side investment advisory, and iterated and upgraded asset allocation tools, so as to enhance the
          overall business efficiency and capability of strategy support. According to internal statistics, during the
          Reporting Period, the number of financial products held (except for the cash management product “Tian
          Tian Fa ( 天天發 )”) was 17,095, and their sales scale (except for the cash management product “Tian Tian
          Fa ( 天天發 )”) was RMB673.256 billion. The fund investment advisory business grew steadily, with a business
          scale of RMB30.592 billion as at the end of the Reporting Period, representing a significant growth year-on-
          year. According to statistics from the Asset Management Association of China, in the second half of 2025,
          the size of equity funds of the Company was RMB143.2 billion, the AUM of non-monetary market funds was
          RMB209.9 billion, and the AUM of stock index funds was RMB137.3 billion, all ranking second in the securities
          industry.

          (3) Capital-based intermediary business

          During the Reporting Period, for capital-based intermediary business, the Group proactively seized the
          development opportunity of significant growth in the margin financing and securities lending market,
          fully exerted the advantages of financial technology, and continued to build an integrated securities and
          finance ecosystem centered on customers, with innovative products as carriers and core capabilities as
          support. Aiming at value creation, and customer acquisition and increase of revenue, the Group proactively
          explored customer matrix operations, with significant increase in business scale and market share. For
          margin financing business, the Group initiatively responded to fierce market competition by measures such
          as customer classification and stratification, focusing on key customers and innovating business models,




046
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
thereby effectively promoting business expansion,         Changes in the scale of margin financing and
quality improvement and efficiency enhancement.           securities lending business
For securities lending business, the Group strictly                                        Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
implemented regulatory policy requirements,
strengthened the operation and management of             2,000                                                                   1,840.89
the securities pool, and promoted the integration
service of capital and securities, thereby guiding
                                                         1,500                       1,376.99
and accompanying customers’ transformation,                               1,241.23                         1,225.14
                                                                                                                      1,301.07
                                                                                                1,123.47
and enhancing business competitiveness.                          CAGR
                                                                 +18.31%
According to the regulatory statement data, as           1,000


                                                                                                                                                     About Us
of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of               671.25

margin financing and securities lending business
                                                          500
of the Parent Company was RMB184.089 billion,
and the integral maintenance guarantee ratio
was 280.00%. The pending repurchase balance of               0
                                                                  2019     2020       2021       2022       2023       2024       2025
stock pledged repurchase business was RMB16.180
billion, with an average fulfillment guarantee ratio      Source: Regular reports of the Company                         Business scale

of 254.42%, among which, the pending repurchase



                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
balance of on-balance-sheet business was RMB6.285 billion, with an average fulfillment guarantee ratio of
268.16%; while the pending repurchase balance of off-balance-sheet business was RMB9.895 billion.



                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
3. Outlook for 2026

For wealth management business, the Group will fully capitalize on the strategic opportunities of
transformation of residents’ wealth from savings to financial asset allocation. Focusing on the core
orientation of “creating value for customers”, the Group will continuously promote the iteration and
upgrading of core capabilities such as trading services and asset allocation services, strengthen cross-
boundary business integration and coordination, deepen the value exploration of the entire business chain,
and create a new service system that jointly enhances customer value and service value, platform value




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
and professional value. The Group will make every effort to expand customer scale and asset scale, and
strengthen its mission in better serving investors and helping residents optimize asset allocation. The Group
will reconstruct service and operation models driven by AI, and consolidate the strong financial platform
capabilities, to build and continuously improve the closed-loop operation model of “ZhangLe Series + AORTA
( 聊 TA)”. By virtue of professional division, digital tools and platform empowerment, the Group is committed
to implement the precise customer services, precise support for investment advisory business, and precise
matching of standardized products and personalized needs, so as to achieve large-scale personalized
services. The “AI ZhangLe” APP focuses on customer experience, striving to create a leading new benchmark
for intelligent trading in the industry, and actively promoting the deep evolution of the industry from
“instrumentalization” to “intelligence”. The Group will establish a sound and comprehensive trading value-




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
added service system, consolidate and strengthen underlying trading services, upgrade and iterate trading
systems and platforms, strengthen the empowerment of investment advisory teams, and undertake
diversified trading needs of clients and realize the value of trading services by virtue of professional service
capabilities. The Group will optimize and upgrade the buyer-side investment advisory business model,



                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
deepen the operation of classified customer bases, diversify the differentiated and distinctive service
matrix, and consolidate the level of AI intelligent companion services throughout the entire process, thereby
supporting the coordinated growth of wealth management business scale and benefits.

For financial products sales and fund investment advisory businesses, the Group will integrate resources
from the entire business chain, continuously strengthen the construction of diversified asset allocation
capabilities, the deployment of cross market and asset product lines, access to investment advisory service
capabilities, and the application of AI and other technological means, continuously deepen domestic and
international linkage, and meet customers’ diversified financial product allocation needs. The Group will
actively deepen the “Worry-free Families ( 省心家族 )” allocation service system, enhance the operational
capabilities of public offering strategies, strengthen the research capabilities of private equity investments,




                                                                                                                                            047
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          expand the layout of ETFs strategy products, and improve the professional asset allocation service
          capabilities of investment advisors from multiple dimensions.

          For capital-based intermediary business, the Group will continue to promote the construction of an
          integrated ecosystem of securities and finance, with customer classification and stratification operation
          as the starting point, business scenarios as the driving force, and innovative product research and
          development as the carrier, to build differentiated competitiveness, fully leverage the business advantages
          of domestic and foreign collaboration and integrated linkage, and deeply understand and accurately
          meet the full lifecycle service needs of customers. Centered on AI intelligent transformation and
          product innovation, the Group will create a strong engine for business growth, drive intelligent business
          transformation, and provide customers with high-quality comprehensive services.

          (III) Institutional Services Business

          1. Market environment

          In 2025, major indexes in the domestic stock market showed picking up. The Wind All China Index rose by
          27.65%, the Shanghai Composite Index rose by 18.41% and the Shenzhen Component Index rose by 29.87%;
          the bond market overall exhibited a trajectory of high volatility, with the CSI Aggregate Bond Index increased
          by 0.57% and the China Bond Composite Full-price (Aggregate) Index decreased by 1.59%. In recent
          years, driven by continuous policy guidance and improved market environment, the accelerated entry of
          medium- and long-term funds such as insurance funds, pension funds and mutual funds has become an
          important force in enhancing market stability and promoting value investment. The development ecology
          of the capital market continues to optimize. As an important link between long-term funds and the capital
          market, securities companies need to leverage their professional advantages to build a comprehensive
          multi-level service system covering the entire chain and the entire life cycle, provide customized asset
          allocation, research consultation, trading custody and other professional services for long-term funds, and
          help precise allocation of long-term funds in high-quality industries and science and technology innovation
          enterprises.

          In 2025, China’s equity financing market showed significant growth in terms of overall size driven by both
          policy dividends and market vitality. According to the statistics from Wind Information, funds raised on the
          full caliber, including IPOs, additional offering and share allotment, totaled RMB1,076.620 billion, representing
          a year-on-year increase of 243.44%. The bond financing market maintained a growth momentum with the
          total amount of bond issuance of RMB89,079.877 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.54%. With
          the implementation of the “Opinions on Deepening
                                                                    Changes in scale of stock issuance
          Market Reform through Merger, Acquisition and
          Restructuring of Listed Companies ( 併購六條 )”, the
                                                                                                         Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                    20,000
                                                                                              17,925.75
          amended “Measures for the Administration of the                             16,537.74
                                                                                                      15,861.60
          Material Asset Restructurings of Listed Companies”                  14,742.31
                                                                    15,000
          (《上市公司重大資產重組管理辦法》) and other policies
          and measures, M&A and restructuring market                                                                   10,304.69           10,766.20

          activity continued to increase. According to the          10,000

          statistics from Zero2IPO Research Center private
          placement department ( 清科研究中心私募通 ), the                    5,000                                                        3,134.79
          number of M&A cases in the M&A market in China
          was more than 2,800, representing a year-on-year               0
          increase of 19.91% and the amount of transactions                      2019      2020      2021      2022      2023       2024      2025

          was RMB964.135 billion, representing a year-on-year           Funds raised from the IPO                     Funds raised from additional offering

          increase of 60.67%. In recent years, the accelerated           Funds raised from share allotment            Funds raised from preferred shares
                                                                         Funds raised from convertible bonds
          breakthroughs in a new round of technological
                                                                    Notes:
          revolution and industrial transformation are
                                                                    1. Source: Wind;
          reshaping the global economic and competitive             2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including
          landscape. As a key bridge connecting the                 issuance of shares for purchasing assets), share allotment, preferred
                                                                    shares and convertible bonds;
          virtuous cycle of “technology-finance-industry”,
                                                                    3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.




048
                                                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 securities companies shoulder the important mission of promoting high-quality economic development in
 China, embracing the AI technology wave, facilitating the rise of new productive forces, and safeguarding
 the stable and long-term development of the capital market. Moreover, they need to closely align with
 the demands of technological self-reliance and industrial upgrading, further enhance the adaptability of
 serving the real economy, better play the role of investment banks as value discoverers, and act as the
 main “service provider” for direct financing and an important “gatekeeper” for the capital market.


 Ch a n g e s i n th e n u m b e r a n d s c a l e of b o n d                                        Changes in the number and amount of M& A
 issuance                                                                                            cases in China's M&A market
                                            Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                            Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
 Total                                                                                               The
 amount of 43,822         50,204      53,792      47,459       51,041       51,763       49,444      number of 1,833       1,893       2,172      2,536     2,654      2,335      2,800
 issuance                                                                                            M&A cases


1,000,000                                                                                            15,000
                                                                                        890,798.77
             CAGR                                                          798,624.96                                     12,111.77
 800,000     +11.98%                                          710,476.72                             12,000
                                                                                                              10,129.30                          10,124.02 9,847.89
                                      617,572.82 615,300.85                                                                           9,309.57                                   9,641.35
                         569,059.07
 600,000                                                                                              9,000
            451,886.50
                                                                                                                                                                      6,000.90



                                                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
 400,000                                                                                              6,000


 200,000                                                                                              3,000



                                                                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
       0                                                                                                  0
             2019         2020         2021       2022         2023         2024         2025                  2019        2020        2021       2022      2023       2024      2025

             Issuance scale                                                                                    The amount of transactions

 Notes: 1. Source: Wind                                                                              Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center
 2. The statistical scope includes national bonds, local government bonds,
 central bank bills, interbank deposits, financial bonds, enterprise bonds,
 corporate bonds, medium-term notes, short-term financing bonds, targeted
 instruments, international agency bonds, government-backed agency




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
 bonds, asset-backed securities, convertible bonds, separable convertible
 bond deposit, and exchangeable bonds.
 3. The statistical caliber of Wind is the date of issue.




 2. Operational measures and performance

 (1) Investment banking business

 During the Reporting Period, aiming to serve the high-quality development of the real economy and the
 development of new quality productive forces, the Group adhered to the dual emphasis of “industrial
 development thinking + capital operation thinking”, provided high-quality corporate customers in key




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
 industrial fields with integrated and full business chain comprehensive financial services at home and
 abroad, consolidated and enhanced the overall market competitiveness and brand influence, actively built
 a first-class investment banking service system boasting with local strengths and international perspective,
 and effectively supported the integrated development of technology innovation and industrial innovation.



                                                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
 In the 2025 evaluation of the practicing quality of investment banking and financial advisory services of
 securities firms released by the Securities Association of China, Huatai United Securities has been awarded
 Class A.




                                                                                                                                                                                            049
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          ① Equity financing business                                          Changes in Equity Underwriting Volume
                                                                                                                   Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
          During the Reporting Period, for equity financing
          business, the Group adhered to the industry-              2,000
                                                                                                    1,762.47
          focusing and region-penetrating strategy, serving
                                                                                                             1,553.69
          customers’ sustainable development through                1,500
                                                                                        1,475.46
                                                                              1,320.95
          integrated services of the full business chain,
          and the cross-boundary collaborative service
                                                                    1,000                                             912.99
          capabilities ranked the forefront in the industry. In
                                                                                                                                       667.12
          the A share market, it sponsored 2 of the top 5 IPO                                                                 548.97
          projects. In the H share market, it participated in 8        500

          of the top 10 IPO projects. According to the statistics
          from Wind Information, the Group’s equity lead-                0
          underwriting numbers (including IPOs, additional                       2019      2020       2021     2022    2023    2024     2025
          offerings, allotment of shares, preferred shares,                                                amount of equity lead-underwriting
          convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds) was            Note:
          40, with lead-underwriting amount of RMB66.712           1. Data source: Wind;
                                                                   2. The scope of the statistics includes IPOs, secondary offerings (including
          billion, representing a significant year-on-year
                                                                   follow-on offerings and secondary offerings involving subscription
          increase; and convertible bonds lead-underwriting        with assets), rights issues, preference shares, convertible bonds and
          numbers was 6, with lead-underwriting amount of          exchangeable bonds;
                                                                   3. The statistical basis is the issue date.
          RMB11.222 billion, both ranking first in the industry.
          The Group continued to focus on technological
          innovation and sponsored high-tech enterprises to enter the capital market, including Huadian New
          Energy, the largest IPO project in 2025, METAX, the leading domestic high-performance GPU company, DLJ
          Transmission, the leading wind power transmission company, and Wego Blood Purification, the leading
          blood purification company, etc.


          ② Bonds financing business                                          Changes in Bond Underwriting Volume

          During the Reporting Period, for bonds financing                                                         Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          business, on the basis of strict risk control, the
                                                                             15,000                                                               14,115.20
          Group actively developed core customers, built                                                                                  12,960.48
                                                                                                                                 12,558.54
          elite and innovative projects, and maintained
                                                                             12,000
          steady leading position in the industry. The Group                                                             9,804.02
                                                                                                              9,311.03
          actively served national strategies, focused on                     9,000      CAGR
          leading quality clients and promoted the issuance                              +27.05%

          of green bonds and technological innovation                         6,000
                                                                                                   5,669.63

          bonds, underwriting a total of 82 green bonds with                            3,356.47
          RMB22.370 billion and 290 technological innovation                  3,000
          bonds with RMB81.072 billion. According to the
          statistics from Wind Information, the Group’s lead-                      0
                                                                                          2019      2020       2021       2022      2023   2024     2025
          underwriting number of full variety bonds was 4,062,
                                                                                                                         amount of bond lead-underwriting
          with lead-underwriting amount of RMB1,411.520
          billion, representing a steady year-on-year growth.                  Note:
                                                                               1. Data source: Wind;
                                                                               2. The scope of the statistics includes local government bonds, policy
                                                                               financial bonds, non-policy financial bonds (including securities company
                                                                               bonds), corporate bonds, company bonds, medium-term notes, short-term
                                                                               financing bills (including ultra-short-term financing bills), private placement
                                                                               instruments, international institutional bonds, government-supported
                                                                               institution bonds, asset-backed securities, convertible bonds, exchangeable
                                                                               bonds and other bonds;
                                                                               3. The statistical basis is the issue date.




050
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
③ Financial advisory business

During the Reporting Period, the Group proactively participated in the continuously active M&A and
restructuring market, and fully leveraged its role in facilitating transactions to guide innovation in domestic
and international M&A with professional capabilities. Its market leading position has been continuously
consolidated. Guided by serving economic transformation and upgrading as well as high-quality
development, focusing on the needs of the country and the industry, the Group proactively advanced
the reforms of state-owned enterprises and supported private enterprises for quality and efficiency
improvement. During the Reporting Period, the Group completed several M&A and restructuring projects with
market influence, such as the UNT restructuring project, which is a transaction of the first listed company


                                                                                                                           About Us
on the STAR Market to acquire quality and unprofitable assets through issuance of shares since the release
of the “Eight Measures on Deepening Reform of the SSE STAR Market to Serve Technological Innovation
and Development of New Productive Forces ( 科八條 )”, and for which the Group served as the independent
financial advisor, and the restructuring of Huadian International, which is the largest restructuring
transaction of the power industry for the year. According to the statistics of public information disclosed
by listed companies, the Group served as the independent financial advisor for 8 approved auditing
restructuring projects and 8 registered projects by the CSRC during the Reporting Period, both ranking first in
the industry; the number of first disclosure of transactions regarding change in control for which the Group
acted as the financial advisor was 16, and the number of completed transactions was 12, both ranking first in


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
the industry.




                                                                                                                         and Strategies
④ OTC business

During the Reporting Period, the Group actively leveraged on the connection path between the NEEQ and the
Beijing Stock Exchange, fully leveraged the integrated advantage as a large investment bank, continued to
provide technological innovation-based growth enterprises with multi-layered capital market services, and
completed 10 listing projects on the NEEQ. Meanwhile, the Group focused on screening and cultivating more
high-quality and qualified reserve projects on the Beijing Stock Exchange for consolidating and enhancing
the competitive advantage of the sponsorship and underwriting business on the Beijing Stock Exchange. In




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
the practice quality evaluation of the securities companies of 2025 released by the Beijing Stock Exchange
and NEEQ Co., Ltd., the Group ranked second in the industry.

(2) Prime brokerage (PB) business

During the Reporting Period, the Group fully leveraged its full business chain resource advantages, efficiently
connected customer needs, provided intelligent and one-stop comprehensive financial service solutions
for core customers such as private equity funds and licensed financial institutions, built a professional
institutional customer service ecosystem, created a competitive advantage centered on identifying
underlying asset risks, and was committed to promoting the diversified realization of asset value. As of the
end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 15,127 fund products in custody and the total size of funds in
custody reached RMB607.071 billion. We provided administration services to 22,085 fund products (including



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
1,580 products from Huatai Asset Management), of which the service scale reached RMB1,355.325 billion
(including the business scale of Huatai Asset Management of RMB526.852 billion). According to the statistics
from the Asset Management Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ) as of the fourth quarter of 2025,



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
the Group ranked fourth in the industry in terms of the number of products filed under the private fund
custody business.




                                                                                                                  051
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          C h a n g e s i n th e c u m u l a ti ve n u m b e r o f o n-                Ch a n g e s i n th e cu m u l a ti ve n u m b e r of o n-
          market products and business scale of fund                                   market products and business scale of fund
          custody business                                                             service business
                                           Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                           Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


          Number    3,678     5,309    7,819   10,154   12,190   13,159    15,127     Number    4,444      6,481      9,958    13,419     16,799   19,151      22,085


         8,000                                                                       15,000
                                                                                                                                                              13,553.25
                                                                                                CAGR                                              11,908.10
                                                                          6,070.71   12,000     +7.90%                                   10,785.07
         6,000                                                                                                       9,975.48 9,834.42
                                                                                                          9,067.33
                                                                                               8,587.61
                                                      4,500.01                        9,000
                                              4,184.36        4,197.82
                   CAGR               3,917.51
         4,000
                   +29.09%
                                                                                      6,000
                            2,458.27

         2,000
                   1,311.89                                                           3,000


             0                                                                           0
                    2019      2020     2021    2022     2023     2024      2025                 2019       2020       2021     2022       2023     2024        2025

                    Amount of custody business                                                 Amount of service business
          Source: Regular reports of the Company                                      Source: Regular reports of the Company



          (3) Research and institutional sales business

          During the Reporting Period, in terms of research business, the Group actively adapted to changes in the
          market environment, continuously improved the allocation of research resources, and proactively built
          research service systems such as strategic research, institutional research and wealth research. It firmly
          promoted the transformation of research mode, adhered to internationalization orientation, focused on top
          institutional clients, and strengthened full business chain services. It deeply tapped into the research value,
          and carried out service activities through multiple channels, platforms and methods, with research business
          strength reaching a new level. It firmly expanded its international business layout, positively expanded its
          overseas research product lines, continuously improved the matrix of overseas research products and
          reach carriers, and further expanded the coverage of overseas research reports and leading companies,
          with coverage depth and cross-boundary linkage effect of research business continuously enhancing. It
          optimized and upgraded the digital platform, continuously promoted the construction of intelligent research,
          improved the intelligent composition framework, built AI research assistants, expanded the application
          scenarios of investment research data, strengthened the empowerment of investment research bases, and
          continuously improved the efficiency and quality of research work. The Group actively carried out various
          forms of research service activities at home and abroad, including releasing 11,729 research reports (including
          those in English), organizing 65,663 research roadshow services and 962 thematic teleconferences, holding
          investment strategy summits, themed teleconferences, and organizing a series of overseas research and
          other activities.

          In terms of institutional sales business, the Group fully leveraged the performance of the integrated and
          platform based institutional customer service system over the whole business chain, further expanded
          the coverage of institutional customers and deepened comprehensive business cooperation. By virtue of
          multiple businesses, it implemented the efficient linkage across business lines and asset categories, and
          built differentiated competitive advantages, with comprehensive business capabilities and market influence
          steadily improving, and the service ranking of strategic customers such as leading mutual funds and
          insurance institutions steadily climbing, which ranked among the top in the market. During the Reporting
          Period, the volume of sub-position transactions for mutual funds was RMB2,051.428 billion, representing a
          significant increase year-on-year. The Group fully grasped market development opportunities, proactively
          deployed overseas markets, steadily promoted channel development and customer coverage in emerging
          markets, and accelerated the construction of an international service network. Based on the concept of
          two-way empowerment in cross-boundary services, it actively organized various thematic research and
          exchange activities overseas to build a global communication and cooperation platform for overseas




052
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
investments of clients, continuously connected domestic and foreign capital market resources, and
enhanced its professional service capabilities and brand influence in the international market.

(4) Investment and trading business

① Equity investment business

During the Reporting Period, in a complex and ever-changing market environment, the Group continuously
iterated and upgraded its investment and trading system on absolute gains. Centering on macro-hedging,
big data trading and innovative investment businesses, the Group built and improved the diversified
investment business system framework, constantly enhanced its professional investment capacity and risk

                                                                                                                            About Us
control capability, effectively seized market opportunities, and achieved good investment performance.
In terms of macro-hedging business, it focused on improving the systematic construction of investment
research, and strengthening the efficiency of strategy execution, constructed high dividend strategies,
and adopted a combination of quantitative and active investment forms for management, achieving
breakthroughs in scale returns. In terms of big data trading business, based on a technology platform with
market leading performance, and relying on the continuous upgrading of business monitoring frameworks,
continuous iteration of strategic systems, rich and diverse trading models, and exploration and application
of cutting-edge technologies, it has achieved large-scale and stable returns for many consecutive years.


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
It accelerated the promotion of equity investment going global, established a proprietary overseas equity
business system, and steadily expanded new investment space and growth points. It actively explored AI



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
cutting-edge technology empowerment businesses, consolidated the core performance advantages of
systems and platforms, and effectively supported the collaborative development of multiple businesses and
the expansion of domestic and foreign businesses. In terms of market making trading business, it adopted
self-developed high-performance automated trading platform and self-developed market making trading
strategy to participate in the market making of stocks and listed funds on the STAR Market. The system has
strong flexibility, and the strategy has short iteration cycle, with high degree of automation, achieving stable
business operation, and forming core competitive advantages. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
Group has filed a total of 128 market-making stocks for the market making on the STAR Market, with the




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
market making business of listed funds covering a total of 763 ETFs and 54 REITs, all ranking among the top
in the market.

② FICC trading business

During the Reporting Period, in terms of FICC trading business, taking the integrated development of
domestic and foreign markets as an important initiative for transformation and upgrading, the Group
deepened the layout of cross-boundary businesses, continuously optimized the business system, pricing
model and trading strategy, and comprehensively improved profitability. In terms of fixed-income
proprietary investment business, the Group further improved the investment research framework, iterated
and upgraded trading strategies, strengthened quantitative empowerment of trading, flexibly adjusted asset




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
allocation according to market changes, actively captured various interest margin portfolio opportunities,
and promoted systematic and scientific trading decision-makings. In terms of agency business, the Group
focused on customer needs, continuously enriched and improved the product system, and provided
customers with multi-asset, integrated, platform-based and one-stop comprehensive financial solutions



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
at home and abroad. In terms of market-making business, the Group continued to optimize pricing models
and quotation strategies, and continuously improved the depth and breadth of market making varieties.
The scale of market making transactions continued to grow, and the market making of its main business
varieties ranked among the top in the industry. In particular, three policy financial bonds, namely financial
bonds of China Development Bank, financial bonds of the ExportImport Bank of China and financial bonds
of Agricultural Development Bank of China, all ranked first in the market in terms of market-making, and
the Group has obtained the qualifications of “Northbound Swap Connect” quotation provider and product
comprehensive clearing member of the Shanghai Clearing House. In terms of carbon finance business, the
Group continuously innovated to support green development of the real economy, and has been recognized
by multiple carbon exchanges. In terms of the FICC Elephant Trading Platform (FICC 大象交易平台 ), the Group
actively promoted the construction of underlying functions in the fields of proprietary trading, customer




                                                                                                                   053
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          demand business, risk management and liquidity management, and smoothened the core trading links
          of cross-boundary businesses. In terms of the CAMS credit research platform, the Group actively piloted
          the underlying construction of AI investment research, continuously enhanced the platform-based core
          capabilities, and continuously optimized the trading business model.

          ③ OTC derivatives trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group conducted the OTC derivatives trading business in adherence to
          the principles of “serving the real economy as the objective and aligning with clients’ risk management
          needs”. It continuously refined its professional capabilities, proactively adjusted its business structure and
          layout, strengthened the core competitiveness of platform empowerment, consolidated the foundation of
          main responsibility and business, and promoted the accumulation and upgrading of business capabilities
          and client service capabilities. Leveraging the full-business-chain resources and driven by core trading
          capabilities, the Group deeply integrated core elements such as trade matching, intelligent pricing, market-
          making liquidity management, innovative product design, and professional compliance and risk control
          through digitalization and platformization, and actively built a comprehensive service system that integrates
          efficiency, effectiveness and security. The Group continued to advance cross-border linkage development,
          upgraded and optimized its domestic and overseas product systems, effectively expanded the depth and
          breadth of client coverage, and actively explored new transaction growth drivers in overseas markets.
          According to the data caliber of the SAC agreement in the regulatory reports, as of the end of the Reporting
          Period, the Group had 12,084 outstanding income swap contracts with an ongoing size of RMB94.569 billion;
          the Group had 2,374 OTC option trading business contracts with an ongoing size of RMB156.086 billion. During
          the Reporting Period, the Company issued 1,179 income certificates through the China Securities Internet
          System ( 中證機構間報價系統 ) and OTC market, with an issuance scale of RMB64.929 billion.

          3. Outlook for 2026

          For the investment banking business, the Group will focus on serving the real economy and the development
          of new productive forces. With a cross-market, full-cycle and full-product business chain system, the Group
          will cater to the domestic and overseas financial service needs of clients, build a global industrial network,
          assist Chinese enterprises in going global, and establish a first-class investment banking service system
          with international competitiveness. It will fully transform its business philosophy, strengthen the coordinated
          business capacity among the asset side, capital side and fund side, deepen the “investment banking-
          investment” business linkage, improve asset acquisition and pricing capabilities, and drive value discovery
          and value creation with capital. For the equity financing business, the Group will continue to deepen
          industry focus and regional penetration, actively develop domestic and overseas benchmark projects with
          market influence, and consolidate its leading market position in key industries and key regions. For the debt
          financing business, the Group will further enhance value judgment capabilities, strengthen comprehensive
          services for high-quality clients and high-quality assets, and actively develop innovative products aligned
          with national strategic directions such as green bonds and technology innovation bonds. For the financial
          advisory business for mergers, acquisitions and restructuring, the Group will increase its presence in hard
          technology and bottleneck sectors, effectively improve long-term comprehensive service efficiency for
          leading enterprises in the industrial chain and high-quality growth enterprises, and create classic and
          innovative market cases.

          For the research and institutional sales business, the Group will take the initiative to adapt to profound
          changes in the market environment and industry ecology, reshape the institutional client service system,
          steadily advance the internationalization strategy, continuously strengthen the construction of digital and
          intelligent platforms, and focus on improving comprehensive service capabilities. It will enrich domestic and
          overseas product lines, deepen cross-border linkage, full-business chain synergy and refined operation,
          continuously expand the global institutional client network, and strive to enhance the market position
          and brand influence of the institutional business. The Group will strengthen research depth and overseas
          research capacity, further expand coverage of overseas leading enterprises, and reshape a unified
          investment research foundation with AI.

          For the investment and trading business, the Group will continuously enhance platform-based and




054
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
systematic investment and trading capabilities. With AI thinking and capabilities, it will reconstruct
investment and allocation capabilities across borders, exchanges and over-the-counter markets, and
major asset categories, continuously build an institutional trading ecosystem, and effectively transform
and upgrade towards enhancing asset pricing power and the productization of trading capabilities. For
the equity investment business, the Group will continue to base itself on three core business lines: macro
hedging, big data trading and innovative investment, steadily promote the international layout of the
business, actively build a three-dimensional business system with “diversified strategy-driven + cutting-
edge technology-enabled + top talent team”, and establish a sustainable, diversified and stable business
model. For the FICC trading business, the Group will continue to focus on the cross-border linkage strategy,
upgrade and iterate diversified trading strategies and an integrated trading platform, continuously

                                                                                                                          About Us
strengthen quantitative trading support, actively promote cross-border business layout and capacity
building, constantly expand new investment varieties, and further improve the comprehensive service
capacity and market competitiveness of the business. For the OTC derivatives trading business, the Group
will continuously optimize risk management service solutions, continuously deepen core capabilities such as
hedging trading, product design and innovation, client services and digital platform construction, actively
explore business opportunities in domestic and overseas markets, deeply cultivate the client ecosystem,
and explore new business growth points.




                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
(IV) Investment management business


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
1. Market environment

In recent years, as the reform of public funds has accelerated the reshaping of the industry ecology and
artificial intelligence technology has begun to disrupt the traditional investment research paradigm,
China’s asset management industry is undergoing a profound structural upgrade, moving towards a new
stage of high-quality development centered on investors’ interests and driven by professional capabilities.
Behind the continuous growth of the asset management market scale are the optimization of product
structure, the improvement of investment capabilities and the intensification of market competition, which




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
have put forward all-round and higher-level requirements for the business logic and operation of asset
management institutions. According to the statistics of the Asset Management Association of China, as of
the end of the fourth quarter of 2025, the total scale of asset management products of fund management
companies and their subsidiaries, securities companies and their subsidiaries, futures companies and
their asset management subsidiaries, and private equity fund managers reached RMB81.58 trillion, of
which the scale of public funds was RMB37.71 trillion, and the scale of private asset management products
of securities companies and their subsidiaries was RMB6.44 trillion. Under the market environment of “low
interest rates and high volatility”, providing investors with stable long-term returns has become the industry
consensus. Asset management institutions need to return to the essence of asset management services,
innovate long-term and stable asset management products, and guide residents’ wealth to be allocated
to the capital market in the long term through compliant channels. Meanwhile, they need continuously



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
optimize the allocation strategies of the capital side and asset side, strengthen the investment research
system, deepen customer service capabilities, improve digital and intelligent operation efficiency, enhance
customer investment experience, and help the mutual promotion of expanding domestic demand and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
wealth appreciation.




                                                                                                                 055
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Changes in the scale of mutual funds                                                      Changes in the scale of private asset management
                                                                                                    products of the securities companies and their
                                                     Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB              subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                               Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB

          40                                                                            37.71       12       10.83
                                                                            32.83
                                                                                                    10
                    CAGR                                        27.60                                                   8.55        8.24
          30
                                          25.56    26.03
                    +16.91%                                                                          8                                         6.87
                                                                                                                                                                                6.44
                             19.89                                                                                                                        5.93        6.10
          20                                                                                         6
                    14.77
                                                                                                     4
          10
                                                                                                     2

           0                                                                                         0
                    2019      2020        2021      2022        2023        2024        2025                 2019       2020        2021       2022       2023       2024       2025

                     The scale of mutual funds                                                                Private asset management business scale
          Source: Asset Management Association of China                                             Source: Asset Management Association of China



          In 2025, the fundraising side of China’s equity investment market showed strong resilience, the activity of
          the investment side rebounded significantly, and the exit mechanism was further improved. Policies drove
          capital to gather in technological innovation, the hard technology sector received continuous attention and
          support, and a new capital market ecology of “long-term capital for long-term investments ( 長錢長投 )” is
          being accelerated. According to the statistics of Zero2IPO Research Center private placement department
          ( 清科研究中心私募通 ), in 2025, the number of newly raised funds in China’s equity investment market was
          5,039, with a total size of RMB1,648.304 billion, a year-on-year increase of 14.08%; the number of investment
          cases in China’s equity investment market was 10,795, with a total investment amount of RMB928.716
          billion, a year-on-year increase of 45.55%. Under the development trend of continuous optimization of the
          policy environment, continuous expansion of capital sources and coordinated efforts of innovative tools,
          securities companies should fully leverage their advantages in the entire business chain, focus on investing
          in hard technology and early and mid-stage science and technology innovation enterprises, coordinate
          the investment banking, asset management and wealth management sectors, provide “fund-raising,
          investment, management and exit” ( 募投管退 ) full life-cycle services for venture capital funds and investees,
          actively cultivate patient capital and long-term capital, support the growth of technology enterprises,
          and help the rise of emerging industries, to better promote the integrated development of technological
          innovation and industrial innovation.

          Changes in the number and amount of newly-                                                Changes in the number and amount of investment
          raised funds in China's equity investment market                                          cases in China's equity investment market
                                                 Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                      Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
          Fund                                                                                      The
          raising                                                                                   amount of
                     2,710     3,478       6,979     7,061       6,980       3,981       5,039      investment 8,234     7,559      12,327      10,650     9,388      8,408     10,795
          amount
                                                                                                    cases
          25,000                                                                                    15,000                         14,228.70
                                          22,085.19 21,582.55

          20,000                                                                                    12,000
                                                                                                             CAGR
                                                                18,244.71
                      CAGR                                                                                   +3.33%
                                                                                        16,483.04
                      +4.80%                                                                                                                   9,076.79                         9,287.16
                                                                            14,449.29                                   8,871.49
          15,000                                                                                     9,000   7,630.94
                    12,444.04 11,972.14
                                                                                                                                                          6,928.26
                                                                                                                                                                     6,380.71
          10,000                                                                                     6,000


           5,000                                                                                     3,000


               0                                                                                         0
                     2019      2020        2021      2022        2023        2024        2025                 2019       2020       2021        2022       2023       2024       2025

                     Fundraising amount                                                                       The amount of investment cases
          Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center                                Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center




056
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2. Operational measures and performance

(1) Asset management business of securities companies

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, proactively
adapted to changes in the market landscape and regulatory environment, firmly advanced the business
platform-based and differentiated development strategy, and deeply focused on clients’ diversified
investment and financing needs. By taking investment asset management and investment banking asset
management services as key measures, it actively explored and iterated the asset pricing logic under
the domestic low-interest rate environment, continuously enhanced active investment management


                                                                                                                                                 About Us
capabilities, steadily optimized the product and service system, and effectively met clients’ full-life-cycle
asset management needs. For the investment asset management business, it practiced the “absolute
return” concept, with the core goal of expanding clients and client assets. It actively built an integrated
large-scale investment research system, focused on promoting the development of fixed income/fixed
income plus, equity, FOF and cross-border businesses, etc. and effectively increased the management
scale. For the investment banking asset management business, it deeply explored internal and external
resources, continuously improved the collaborative linkage mechanism, actively targeted high-quality
assets, and constantly enhanced pricing capabilities. It consolidated business increments mainly through
ABS business and public REITs business. It firmly promoted the platform-based development strategy,


                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
used the integrated platform to facilitate the accumulation of core capabilities and in-depth business
collaboration, and further improved business operation efficiency through scenario-based application of


                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
AI technology. According to the regulatory report data caliber, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the
asset management scale of Huatai Asset Management reached RMB708.465 billion, representing a year-
on-year increase of 27.36%. According to statistics of Wind Information, during the Reporting Period, Huatai
Asset Management, as the manager of corporate ABS plans, issued 165 projects with a total issuance size
of RMB138.040 billion, ranking second in the industry in both indicators. During the Reporting Period, on the
basis of the existing projects Jiangsu Transport Control REIT, Baowan Logistics REIT and Jianye High-tech REIT,
Huatai Asset Management promoted the issuance and listing of the new Hengtai Rental REIT project, and
the full-chain service capability of public REITs business was continuously enhanced.




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Changes in number and ranking of issued                       Changes in scale and ranking of issued
enterprise ABS projects as program manager                    enterprise ABS projects as program manager

                                                                                                Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


             3      4       3      2      2      1      2                  2        5       3         3        3       2       2
Ranking                                                       Ranking
by number                                                     by scale

200                                                           2,000

                                                       165                               1,661.12
                                                154
150                        136           141                  1,500                                                          1,380.40
                                  129                                    CAGR                       1,298.76         1,319.71
            CAGR                                                         +7.21%                             1,154.29




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
            +14.56%
100                                                           1,000      908.91 931.72
                    84
             73




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
 50                                                            500



  0                                                               0
            2019   2020    2021   2022   2023   2024   2025               2019    2020    2021       2022    2023     2024    2025

            Number of issuance                                           Issuing scale

Source: Wind                                                  Source: Wind




                                                                                                                                        057
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          In recent years, the asset management business of securities companies has completed the net-value
          transformation by building product lines covering different risk-return characteristics in the fields of
          fixed income investment, equity investment, multi-asset investment and cross-border investment, and
          consolidated and enhanced the leading advantages in asset securitization business, capital business and
          real estate fund business. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the collective asset management business
          managed 409 collective asset management plans in total, with a total management scale of RMB135.528
          billion; the single asset management business managed 872 single asset management plans in total, with
          a total management scale of RMB164.176 billion; the special asset management business managed 299
          special asset management plans in total, with a total management scale of RMB227.148 billion; and the
          public fund management business managed 43 public fund products in total, with a total management
          scale of RMB181.612 billion.


          The scale of the securities companies’ asset management business is as follows:
                                                                                                      Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


          Business type                                                                        2025                                 2024

          Collective asset management business                                           1,355.28                                   632.71

          Single asset management business                                                1,641.76                                1,562.32

          Specialized asset management business                                           2,271.48                                1,980.95

          Public fund management business                                                  1,816.12                               1,386.69

          Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements.




          (2) Private equity fund management business                  Changes in number and amount of private
                                                                       equity fund investment projects
          During the Reporting Period, the private equity fund                                         Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
          management business adhered to the principles
                                                                      Number    40       32      36        30      47      37        50
          of marketization and professionalization, actively
          expanded diversified and long-term capital                   30              28.17
          channels, steadily expanded the fund management
                                                                               23.52
          scale, and continuously enhanced market influence.           25

          Upholding the investment philosophy of research-             20
                                                                                                                          19.64
                                                                                                                  17.42            17.49
          led and in-depth industrial cultivation, and centering
          on national strategies and industrial upgrading,             15
                                                                                                11.62     11.04
          the Group continued to conduct in-depth research
                                                                       10
          on key sectors including healthcare, TMT, and
          advanced manufacturing, accurately identified                 5
          core technical barriers and growth inflection points
                                                                        0
          in segmented fields, systematically explored high-                   2019     2020    2021      2022    2023    2024     2025
          quality investment opportunities in the upstream and
                                                                                Amount of investment programs
          downstream, and actively pursued diversified exit
                                                                       Source: Regular reports of the Company
          channels for invested enterprises. As of the end of the
          Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment and its second-tier subsidiaries, as fund managers, had 33 valid
          private equity investment funds filed with the Asset Management Association of China, with a total subscribed
          capital of RMB64.919 billion and a total paid-in capital of RMB48.614 billion. During the Reporting Period, the above
          private equity investment funds invested in a total of 50 projects, with a total investment amount of RMB1.749
          billion.

          (3) Asset management business of fund companies

          During the Reporting Period, the Group’s fund management subsidiaries actively responded to the reform
          direction of the public fund industry, continuously improved the business and service system centering




058
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
on the best interests of investors, continuously enhanced product and business innovation capabilities,
strengthened the forward-looking layout of featured products, actively built an empowerment model to
reshape businesses with AI technology, improved the full-process service system, strengthened refined
cost management, and continuously enhanced the cross-cycle and diversified comprehensive asset
allocation capabilities. The total scale of asset management maintained a growth trend. China Southern
Asset Management continuously expanded and optimized its product layout, anchored the development
direction of new-quality productive forces, forged a “platform-based, integrated and multi-strategy”
investment research system, and actively built a product system matrix with new-quality productive
forces attributes. As of the end of the Reporting Period, its total assets under management amounted to
RMB2,827.868 billion, of which the public fund business assets under management amounted to RMB1,512.566

                                                                                                                         About Us
billion. Huatai-PB continuously optimized product design and investment strategies, enriched its product
line, and maintained a leading position in index business. As of the end of the Reporting Period, its total
assets under management amounted to RMB872.964 billion, of which the public fund business assets under
management amounted to RMB845.246 billion. (The equity investment gains and losses of China Southern
Fund and Huatai-PB are included in other segments in the segment report)

(4) Asset management business of futures companies

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, focused on the main


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
theme of high-quality development, continuously improved the effectiveness of compliance and risk
control management, and actively built a platform-based operation and intelligent automated business-


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
driven system. Taking distinctive derivatives as the differentiated entry point and strengthening active
management capabilities as the core competitiveness, it firmly developed a specialized asset management
business model centered on futures and derivatives, effectively satisfying clients’ differentiated risk
preferences and asset allocation needs. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 37 ongoing asset
management plans, with a total asset management scale of RMB1,236.5563 million and futures-side equity
scale of RMB444.0957 million.

(5) Alternative investment business




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
The Group conducts alternative investment business through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Huatai Innovative
Investment. During the Reporting Period, in accordance with regulatory policies and the Group’s business
layout, Huatai Innovative Investment gave full play to business synergy effects, focused on developing equity
investments in financial technology, follow-on investment on the STAR Market, and strategic placement
on the Beijing Stock Exchange, and steadily explored follow-on investment on the ChiNext Market. As of the
end of the Reporting Period, there were 34 ongoing investment projects with a total investment scale of
RMB1,427.2396 million.

3. Outlook for 2026

For the asset management business of securities companies , the Group will continue to rely on the Group’s



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
full-industry-chain system, give full play to the advantages of its investment banking genes, continuously
enhance active management capabilities, further refine the absolute return system, actively promote the
cross-border linkage development of the business, and continuously strengthen the development of digital



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
application capabilities. It will fully build an asset management brand with securities firm characteristics,
provide more professional and precise financial services, deeply focus on clients’ diversified investment and
financing needs, fully support the cultivation and growth of new-quality productive forces, and continuously
provide financial support for high-quality economic development. It will actively build a large asset
management ecosystem, take investment asset management and investment banking asset management
services as key measures, and provide first-class investment products, asset allocation and overall
financial service solutions in a one-stop manner to empower clients’ asset management service journey.
For the investment asset management business, the Group will continue to accumulate differentiated and
platform-based business capabilities, consolidate and refine core products, continuously optimize scale
structure and revenue quality, and form a more recognizable market brand. For the investment banking
asset management business, the Group will continue to deepen asset securitization and public REITs




                                                                                                                059
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          businesses, effectively connect investment and financing needs, strengthen investment and financing
          linkage, target high-quality assets, and continuously enhance pricing capabilities and competitiveness.

          For the private equity fund management business, the Group will continuously expand its network in key
          regions, deepen cooperation with industrial leaders in establishing funds, and actively introduce long-term
          capital such as social security funds and insurance funds to consolidate its capital foundation and steadily
          expand the scale of fund management. It will continue to focus on key sectors, take artificial intelligence as
          the main thread, systematically deploy in hard technology, healthcare and new consumption sectors, and
          continuously increase the coverage of high-quality assets. It will further strengthen refined post-investment
          management, continuously improve project tracking and risk early warning mechanisms, and constantly
          enhance asset value and risk defense capabilities.

          For the asset fund management business of fund companies, the Group will continue to enrich its diversified
          product system, upgrade its AI-driven core capabilities, fully advance the development of a product-led
          business empowerment system and technology-driven core competencies, continuously improve the
          “platform-based, integrated and multi-strategy” business system, enhance investment research capabilities
          and strategic asset allocation capabilities, and deepen full-life-cycle value partnership for investors, laying
          a solid foundation for building a first-class investment institution.

          For the asset management business of futures companies, the Group will focus on the development of
          futures and derivatives, continuously strengthen core capabilities in investment research, operations and
          marketing, constantly increase the proportion of futures-related business, and actively build differentiated
          and specialized competitive advantages. It will provide clients with diversified and personalized asset
          management solutions through smarter systems, more professional teams and higher-quality products.

          For the alternative investment business, the Group will continuously improve its institutional mechanisms
          and business operation procedures, deepen the development of the fintech ecosystem, prudently
          promote equity investment, follow-on investment on the STAR Market, strategic placement on the Beijing
          Stock Exchange and other new businesses, and build a comprehensive service system centered on value
          discovery and long-term partnership.

          (V) International Business

          1. Market environment

          In 2025, affected by multiple factors, global economic growth momentum weakened and the international
          economic and trade order underwent profound adjustments. Meanwhile, artificial intelligence technology
          was accelerating the reshaping of the global industrial ecosystem, industrial structure and value creation
          methods, bringing new development opportunities and challenges. Benefiting from favorable policies and
          optimized market mechanisms, the Hong Kong stock secondary market posted a strong overall upward
          trend with active trading. The Hang Seng Index rose by 27.77% and the Hang Seng Tech Index rose by 23.45%.
          According to statistics of Wind Information, the total trading volume of the Hong Kong stock market reached
          HKD47.85 trillion, an increase of 93.33% year-on-year. The Hong Kong equity financing market saw explosive
          growth, and the IPO fundraising reached HKD286.91 billion, up 225.49% year-on-year; post-listing fundraising
          reached HKD326.367 billion, up 278.15% year-on-year. The U.S. stock secondary market performed strongly
          overall. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose by 12.97%, the S&P 500 Index rose by 16.39% and the NASDAQ
          rose by 20.36%. According to the statistics from Wind Information, the U.S. stock market trading volume
          reached USD145.71 trillion, an increase of 32.19% year-on-year. The U.S. equity financing market continued its
          recovery with significantly improved market activity: IPO financing reached USD68.418 billion, up 67.70% year-
          on-year; secondary offering financing reached USD135.222 billion, down 0.51% year-on-year.

          In recent years, against the backdrop of accelerated restructuring of the global industrial and supply chains,
          the overseas expansion of domestic enterprises has continued to expand and deepen, and the role of
          investment banks in supporting enterprises to “go global” has become increasingly prominent. Meanwhile,
          under global asset rebalancing, both “investing globally from China” and “investing in China from abroad”
          require the partnership and support of professional financial institutions that understand both domestic
          and international market rules and can efficiently integrate global resources. This has also raised higher




060
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
requirements for the service capabilities of Chinese securities firms. With the further advancement of the
international development of Chinese securities firms, it has become an inevitable path for securities
companies to build first-class investment banks by enhancing highly specialized services and vertically
integrated management capabilities, gradually establishing extensive customer, product and service
networks in major global and emerging markets, continuously strengthening the market competitiveness
of international businesses, and effectively improving the ability to provide comprehensive cross-border
investment and financing services for domestic and overseas industrial clients and global investors.

2. Operational measures and achievements

During the Reporting Period, the Group firmly deepened its international development layout and built the
value creation competitiveness of a first-class investment bank. It fully seized the strategic opportunities               About Us
brought by the continuous deepening of high-level opening-up, and steadily expanded its business
presence in major global markets and key regions. As the holding platform for the Group’s international
business, Huatai International deeply integrated the Group’s full-industry-chain resources, gave full play to
its intermediary value in the capital market, and actively built a customer-oriented, platform-coordinated
and seamlessly connected cross-border service ecosystem. Relying on the Group’s integrated domestic
and overseas risk management framework and system, it ensured the coordinated advancement of risk
control and business development. By building a diversified product matrix, opening up access to global


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
markets and delivering an excellent customer experience, it fully responded to customers’ global asset
allocation needs, and its brand influence in the international market was significantly enhanced. During the



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Reporting Period, Huatai International formally registered and established its Japanese subsidiary. As of the
end of the Reporting Period, Huatai International maintained stable and orderly business operations, with all
financial indicators ranking among the top tier of Chinese-funded securities firms in Hong Kong.

(1) Business in Hong Kong

For the Hong Kong business, the Group adhered to the core mission of investment banking services, taking
cross-border business as the strategic pivot to build a comprehensive and all-round cross-border financial
service platform system. With advanced platform capabilities and effective risk control, it continued to




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
deepen the integrated business system covering equity business, FICC business, investment banking
business, wealth management business and investment management business. Besides, it steadily
advanced its international layout, further expanded its business footprint, and consolidated and enhanced
its differentiated competitive advantages. For the equity derivatives business, the Group continued to
expand into overseas markets, enriched product categories and trading models, further strengthened
cross-border and offshore business strength, and maintained its leading position among peers. For the
equity sales and trading business, the Group committed to building a one-stop cross-border integrated
financial service platform centered on “cash equities + cross-border prime brokerage + QFII ( 現金股票 + 跨境
主經紀商 +QFII)”, and continuously consolidated its in-depth coverage capability for long-term funds. For the
“HKD-RMB Dual Counter Mode ( 港幣 - 人民幣雙櫃檯 )” market-making business, the Group was awarded the
“Most Active RMB Counter Market Maker ( 人民幣櫃檯最活躍莊家 )” by the HKEX, with its professional capabilities


                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
widely recognized by the industry. For the FICC business, the Group continued to expand the depth and
breadth of the market, optimized trading strategies, focused on strengthening system platform and data
infrastructure construction, and actively formed an integrated domestic and overseas business operation



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
pattern featuring synergy among “proprietary trading – market making – client execution – platform and data
( 自營 - 做市 - 代客 - 平台與數據 )”. For the investment banking business, the Group continuously improved cross-
market execution and service capabilities, completed a number of landmark projects, and maintained a rich
project pipeline and a leading market position. According to internal and external statistics, Huatai Financial
Holdings (Hong Kong) sponsored 22 Hong Kong IPO projects during the Reporting Period, ranking third in
the market in terms of sponsorship volume. For the wealth management business, the Group continuously
enhanced the platform-based and integrated operation of online and offline channels, actively seized
market development opportunities, strengthened the product and service system for high-net-worth clients,
continuously improved customer acquisition quality of “ZhangLe Global Connect ( 漲樂全球通 )”, further boosted
wealth product sales, and achieved leapfrog development. For the investment management business, the
Group continued to promote business transformation, firmly implemented the “institutional + wealth ( 機




                                                                                                                  061
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          構 + 財富 )” dual-driven strategy and the “domestic and overseas integration ( 境內外一體化 )” development
          strategy, and continuously enhanced active management and product design capabilities. For the
          investment business, the Group strictly controlled risks, actively promoted the internationalization strategy
          and deeply explored high-quality potential business opportunities.

          (2) Huatai Securities (USA)

          Huatai Securities (USA) obtained the broker-dealer license approved by the U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory
          Authority in 2019. It was granted the proprietary trading license in 2020, and obtained the qualification
          to conduct securities transactions with institutional investors in Canada in 2021. In 2022, it gained market
          access to major European securities exchanges. In 2023, it became an introducing broker for U.S. futures
          products. In 2024, it obtained the U.S. Treasury securities broker-dealer qualification and the underwriting
          membership of the NASDAQ Stock Market. During the Reporting Period, it obtained the non-U.S. sovereign
          debt broker-dealer qualification (covering sovereign bonds of Europe, the UK, Canada, Latin America, Japan
          and Southeast Asia) and the IPO lead underwriter membership of the New York Stock Exchange. During the
          Reporting Period, Huatai Securities (USA) continued to provide cross-border interaction services for Chinese
          enterprises and Chinese institutional investors, and actively participated in cross-border M&A transactions.
          Its FICC business product portfolio continued to expand, and the cross-border linkage and collaboration
          mechanism was further optimized. The company is committed to providing integrated services to global
          investors.

          (3) Singapore Subsidiary

          In 2023, the Singapore Subsidiary obtained the Capital Markets Services licence and Exempt Financial
          Adviser status granted by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and conducts securities trading and
          corporate finance business in Singapore in compliance with laws and regulations. During the Reporting
          Period, it received approval from the Monetary Authority of Singapore to lift investor restrictions on corporate
          finance advisory business, obtained the qualification of Accredited Issuing Manager for the Mainboard of
          the Singapore Exchange, and was granted the Foreign Portfolio Investor (FPI) qualification for the Indian
          market. During the Reporting Period, the Singapore Subsidiary steadily advanced the development of
          various businesses, and its regional carrying capacity and influence continued to improve. The equity and
          derivatives business achieved phased progress in client coverage, trading channels and system support.
          The investment banking business effectively undertook crossmarket projects and actively promoted
          financing by Chinese enterprises in Singapore through crossborder listing channels such as “Mainland
          + Singapore” and “Hong Kong + Singapore”. The institutional trading business steadily expanded local
          institutional client coverage in Singapore, participated in IPO projects and deepened market service
          capabilities. The wealth management business deeply explored client needs, actively explored cooperation
          opportunities, effectively enhanced brand awareness and market influence, and facilitated the expansion of
          client resources.

          3. Outlook for 2026

          The Group will continue to deepen international development and integrated linkage, steadily expand
          its global business landscape, establish a sound tiered and classified comprehensive service system,
          effectively improve the synergy efficiency of the entire business chain through platform-based operations,
          prudently manage risks, continuously enhance the market competitiveness of its international business, and
          consolidate and upgrade its leading position in the industry.

          For the Hong Kong business, the Group will continue to consolidate its positioning as a cross-border capital
          market intermediary, and committed to providing comprehensive and efficient integrated financial solutions
          for domestic and overseas clients. For the equity derivatives business, the Group will continue to strengthen
          product creation and market-making capabilities to consolidate its leading market position, and further
          expand into overseas markets to meet clients’ international business needs. For the equity sales and trading
          business, the Group will strive for both scale expansion and value enhancement, continuously improve
          the product system, build a comprehensive service ecosystem for institutional clients, steadily expand
          the breadth and depth of client coverage, strengthen cross-border trading capabilities, and enhance




062
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
the added value of comprehensive services. For the FICC business, the Group will take strengthened
trading capabilities, deeper client ecosystem and solid platform data as core pillars, establish an efficient
ecosystem with internal and external linkage, deeply explore client demands, and enhance the synergy
efficiency of cross-market and cross-asset-class comprehensive services through continuous platform
upgrading, so as to better match clients’ diversified domestic and overseas investment and trading needs.
For the investment banking business, the Group will commit to extending into industrial depth and both
ends of the value chain, rely on in-depth industrial empowerment and full-cycle comprehensive services
to continuously strengthen project execution capabilities, help more high-quality enterprises expand their
global layout, and consolidate and enhance its leading advantages in the Hong Kong market. For the wealth
management business, the Group will take building a sound wealth management service system as its core

                                                                                                                          About Us
goal, continuously strengthen platform operation and client-facing system development, improve the tiered
and classified client service system, and enhance cross-border collaborative service capabilities. For the
investment management business, the Group will focus on the coordinated growth of management scale
and investment returns, strictly control risks, enhance product creation capabilities, expand overseas sales
channels, and empower clients by relying on the resource advantages of the entire industrial chain.

Huatai Securities (USA) will actively seize cross-border business opportunities, continuously expand its
business layout, enhance business collaboration capabilities, and extend the depth and breadth of
coverage among global institutional investors. It will further improve the cross-border client trading


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
platforms and product systems for equities and FICC, actively expand service channels, and provide
comprehensive services to meet the asset allocation and risk hedging needs of global investors.


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
The Singapore Subsidiary will focus on building cross-border capital market service capabilities and
steadily advance the development of various businesses. For investment banking, it will actively promote
cross-border listing projects such as “Mainland + Singapore” and “Hong Kong + Singapore” and explore
opportunities for cross-border mergers and acquisitions. For equity and derivatives business, it will continue
to develop OTC equity, commodity and other businesses to enhance cross-market product coverage. For
institutional trading business, it will continuously improve capabilities in foreign exchange, interest rates
and related products to serve investors’ cross-border trading and risk management needs. For wealth




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
management business, it will focus on business development and product launches, and continuously
expand client coverage and business scale.

(VI) Digital and Intelligent Development

1. Digital finance development strategy

Focusing on the technology strategic guideline of “building technology into the Company’s core
competitiveness”, the Group, riding the wave of transformation in the intelligent era, has defined “ALL IN AI
– AI Reshaping New Development Advantages” as its transformation vision for the new stage. Taking AI as
the new engine of the Company’s development, the Group actively explored new forms of digital-intelligent
transformation of businesses. Leveraging its AI financial large model capabilities and rich professional



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
data assets, the Group improved business decision-making and provided more professional services
to clients. The Group is committed to strengthening strategic overall planning and guidance, improving
the governance and evaluation system for data and AI, nurturing a multi-tiered AI talent pool, innovating



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
organizational mechanisms and cultural concepts in the AI era, increasing investment in technological
innovation, and promoting the in-depth integration of technology and business, so as to fully translate
technological advantages into business value creation advantages.

Meanwhile, the Group adheres to the multi-dimensional construction of a digital financial technology
ecosystem with “capital + resources”: through strategic investment, the Group has provided capital
support for innovative enterprises and accelerated the incubation and cultivation of high-quality fintech
enterprises; through resource sharing, the Group has opened up the business scenarios of the Company,
complemented the capabilities and created jointly with ecosystem partners, and jointly promoted the
application of emerging technologies.




                                                                                                                 063
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Major measures and results in digital and intelligent transformation during the Reporting
          Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to pursue the four overall transformation goals of
          “Empowering Clients, Innovating Businesses, Optimizing Operations and Enabling Employees”, and steadily
          promoted the intelligent upgrading of business platforms. Besides, the Group has endowed these goals with
          brand-new connotations aligned with the new requirements of the intelligent era.

          In terms of “Empowering Clients”, the Group built the brand-new “AI ZhangLe (AI 漲樂 )” APP with AI-native technologies
          and concepts. Relying on powerful AI financial large model, it drove three core work modules: “Morning
          Briefing ( 早點聽 )”, “Special Alerts ( 特別提醒 )” and “Task Assignment ( 任務交辦 )”, and actively explored
          the integration of new artificial intelligence technologies with wealth management business. “Xingzhi ( 行
          知 )”, the one-stop institutional client service platform, focused on core client groups, upgraded products
          and services from the user perspective, optimized user experience with AI capabilities, and completed the
          development of intelligent applications including AI disclosure assistant, AI investment research Q&A, and AI
          roadshow tools.

          In terms of “Innovating Businesses”, the Group explored the intelligent construction and dynamic update of
          AI-driven industrial chain and entity supply chain maps. The intelligence level of market-making business
          continued to improve; AI signals achieved full coverage of constituent stocks of broad-based indices, and
          the AI signal research model based on intelligent agents was initially explored, effectively enhancing the
          execution effect of market-making strategies.

          In terms of “Optimizing Operations”, the Group upgraded the intelligent investment banking review system,
          built multi-dimensional integrated intelligent review capabilities covering access analysis, basic verification,
          in-depth inspection and risk judgment, and strengthened substantive risk control capabilities. It upgraded
          the intelligent review for institutional clients, and completed the system construction for intelligent review
          of consistency in field materials, supporting efficient information extraction, intelligent verification and
          inspection, automatic opinion generation and other functions, and thereby improving review efficiency
          and quality. The intelligence level of risk monitoring and management was upgraded, and the initial
          implementation of intelligent assistants for asset risk and client risk was realized.

          In terms of “Enabling Employees”, the Group continuously upgraded and expanded the Huatai Office Digital
          Employee Assistant. By integrating a series of intelligent agents including meeting scheduling, document
          processing, translation services, HR services, business travel management, official document systems and
          OA workflows, it comprehensively improved the intelligent and digital experience of employees in daily work
          and reshaped the office model. The construction of intelligent agent engineering capabilities for code was
          completed, covering key development positions.

          (VII) Business Innovation and its Effects on the Company’s Business Performance,
          Future Development and Risk Control

          During the Reporting Period, the Company constantly carried out business innovation activities, promoted
          the innovation of business, products, services and management modes, and constantly improved its
          innovation ability. The development of innovative business is a supplement to the existing product lines and
          business scope, which can effectively release business space, expand client resources and revenue sources,
          enhance profitability, as well as improve customer structure and business model, meet customers’ full and
          diversified business needs, and further enhance brand influence.

          During the Reporting Period, in light of internal and external management requirements, the Company
          continuously improved its new business management mechanism, revised management specifications,
          promoted the continuous optimization of evaluation templates, optimized the cross-border business
          evaluation model, strengthened the development of relevant system functions, and enhanced the
          standardization and collaboration efficiency of new business evaluation. During the Reporting Period, the
          Company expanded its product lines and market layout in line with market trends. It obtained additional
          qualifications including market making for various options products on commodity futures exchanges and




064
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
the agency business for centralized clearing of RMB interest rate swaps at the Shanghai Clearing House.
Meanwhile, the Company continued to advance the development of cross-border businesses, raising its
participation and brand influence in overseas markets.

(VIII) There Were No Significant Changes in the Company’s Operation Status During
the Reporting Period and There Were no Matters That Had or Expected to have
Significant Influence in the Future on the Company’s Operation During the Reporting
Period


II. MAJOR OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD                                                                              About Us


As of December 31, 2025, on a consolidated statements basis, total assets of the Group amounted to
RMB1,077.348 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.31%; total equity attributable to shareholders
of the Company amounted to RMB206.939 billion, representing a year-on year increase of 7.96%; total fee
and commission income amounted to RMB47.220 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.90%; and
profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB16.383 billion, representing
a year-on-year increase of 6.72%.

                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
(I) Main Businesses Analysis
1. Analysis table of the changes in relevant items of the income statement and the cash flow                                and Strategies
statement
                                                                                 Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                   Amount for                 Amount for
                                                   the current           the same period              Change
Item                                                    period                of last year     percentage (%)




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Total fee and commission income                      47,219,604                 46,338,281                   1.90

Total expenses                                     (32,171,860)               (33,339,894)                (3.50)

Profit before income tax                            18,404,639                  15,352,340                  19.88

Profit for the year attributable to the
                                                     16,383,497                  15,351,162                  6.72
shareholders of the Company

Net cash (used in)/generated from
                                                   (63,456,125)                 34,818,437                   N/A
operating activities




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Net cash (used in)/generated from
                                                   (42,102,246)                  20,496,121                  N/A
investing activities

Net cash generated from/(used in)



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
                                                    110,790,256               (59,670,326)                   N/A
financing activities

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and
                                                      5,231,885                (4,355,768)                   N/A
cash equivalents




                                                                                                                     065
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Revenue, gains and other income

          As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s total fee and commission income amounted to RMB47.220 billion,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 1.90%, of which:

          (1) Fee and commission income amounted to RMB19.565 billion, accounting for 41.43%, representing a year-
          on-year increase of 13.36%, mainly due to the increase in income from securities brokerage business and
          underwriting and sponsorship business.

          (2) Interest income amounted to RMB13.913 billion, accounting for 29.47%, representing a year-on-year
          increase of 2.60%, mainly due to the increase in interest income from margin trading and securities lending
          business.

          (3) Net investment income amounted to RMB13.829 billion, accounting for 29.29%, representing a year-on-
          year decrease of 4.06%, mainly due to the decrease in gains from disposal of subsidiaries.

          (4) Other income and losses amounted to RMB87million, mainly due to exchange losses.



                                                                                         Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                    2025                      2024               Increase/decrease
          Item
                                              Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio      Amount            Ratio

          Fee and commission income        19,564,646       41.43%    17,259,336     37.25%       2,305,310       13.36%

          Interest income                    13,913,370    29.47%     13,560,994     29.27%        352,376         2.60%

          Net investment gains              13,828,725     29.29%     14,413,799       31.11%    (585,074)       (4.06)%

          Other income and (losses)/
                                              (87,137)     (0.18)%      1,104,152     2.38%      (1,191,289)   (107.89)%
          gains

          Total revenue, other income
                                            47,219,604     100.00%    46,338,281     100.00%       881,323          1.90%
          and gains




          3. Total expenses

          As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s total expenses amounted to RMB32.172 billion, representing a year-on-
          year decrease of 3.50%, of which:

          (1) Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB5.168 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
          of 19.88%, mainly due to increased expenses from securities brokerage business and underwriting and
          sponsorship business.

          (2) Interest expenses amounted to RMB9.518 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 12.33%, mainly
          due to decreased interest expenses on long-term bonds and interest expenses on payable for financial
          assets sold under repurchase agreements.

          (3) Staff costs amounted to RMB9.771 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.01%, mainly due to a
          decrease in accrued staff costs of the Group.

          (4) Other expenses mainly included depreciation and amortisation, taxes and surcharges, net impairment
          losses and other operating expenses.




066
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                     Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                            2025                         2024                    Increase/decrease
Item
                                       Amount          Ratio       Amount         Ratio           Amount         Ratio

Fee and commission
                                 (5,167,934)          16.06%     (4,310,977)     12.93%          (856,957)      19.88%
expenses

Interest expenses                 (9,517,831)        29.58%    (10,856,424)     32.56%           1,338,593     (12.33)%

Staff costs                       (9,771,202)        30.37%     (10,074,621)    30.22%             303,419      (3.01)%


                                                                                                                                   About Us
Depreciation and
                                      (1,461,102)     4.54%       (1,774,611)    5.32%             313,509     (17.67)%
amortization expenses

Tax and surcharges                    (218,473)       0.68%        (179,417)     0.54%            (39,056)       21.77%

Other operating expenses         (5,441,604)          16.91%    (5,897,575)      17.69%            455,971     (7.73)%

Net impairment losses                 (593,714)        1.85%     (246,269)       0.74%           (347,445)     141.08%

Total expenses                   (32,171,860)       100.00%    (33,339,894)     100.00%           1,168,034    (3.50)%



4. Analysis of segment fee and commission income and segment expenses                                                           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
(1) Analysis of segment fee and commission income
                                                                                     Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                              Percentage                 Increase
                                                                        of total segment           or decrease in
                                        Percentage of
                                                              Segment            revenue,             percentage
                         Segment        total segment         revenue,      other income        of total segment
                    revenue, other      revenue, other    other income and gains for the revenue, other income




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                      income and          income and and gains for the   same period of and gains as compared
                      gains for the       gains for the same period of           last year to the same period of
Business segment    current period          current(%)        last year                (%)               last year

Wealth
                                                                                                      Increase of 9.57
management              23,970,207                  50.76      19,086,383             41.19
                                                                                                    percentage points
business

Institutional                                                                                         Increase of 3.76
                         10,101,925                 21.39       8,169,556             17.63
services business                                                                                   percentage points

Investment



                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                                                                       Increase of 2.37
management               3,829,649                    8.11      2,659,847                 5.74
                                                                                                    percentage points
business




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
International                                                                                        Decrease of 13.82
                         8,729,609                  18.49       14,968,771           32.30
business                                                                                            percentage points

Others (including                                                                                     Decrease of 1.89
                           588,214                   1.25        1,453,724                3.14
offset)                                                                                             percentage points

During the Reporting Period, on a consolidated basis, the Group recorded fee and commission income
of RMB47.220 billion in total, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.90%. Among the principal business
segments, segment revenue from wealth management business of the Group increased by RMB4.884 billion
as compared to the same period of last year, segment revenue from institutional services business and
investment management business increased by RMB1.932 billion and RMB1.170 billion as compared to the
same period of last year, respectively, and revenue from the international business segment decreased by




                                                                                                                          067
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          RMB6.239 billion compared to the same period last year, mainly due to the sale of subsidiaries in the same
          period last year.

          (2) Changes in the scope of consolidation due to changes in shareholding of major subsidiaries
          during the Reporting Period

          For changes in the scope of consolidation due to changes in shareholding of major subsidiaries during the
          Reporting Period, please refer to “24. Investments in subsidiaries” of “Notes to the Consolidated Financial
          Statements” under the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements” in this report.

          (3) Analysis on segment expenses

                                                                                        Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                            Percentage of
                                                                              Percentage of   Increase or decrease
                                            total segment
                                                                 Segment      total segment in percentage of total
                                  Segment expenses for the expenses for the expenses for the segment expenses as
                           expenses for the         current same period of   same period of compared to the same
          Business segment   current period     period (%)        last year     last year (%)    period of last year

          Wealth                                                                                      Increase of 8.41
          management             (15,119,252)          47.00      (12,864,554)           38.59
                                                                                                   percentage points
          business

          Institutional                                                                              Increase of 0.70
                                  (7,146,551)           22.21       (7,172,421)           21.51
          services business                                                                        percentage points

          Investment                                                                                 Decrease of 0.12
          management             (1,438,792)            4.47        (1,530,117)           4.59
                                                                                                   percentage points
          business

          International                                                                              Decrease of 8.31
                                (5,079,508)             15.79     (8,035,260)            24.10
          business                                                                                 percentage points

          Others (including                                                                         Decrease of 0.68
                                 (3,387,757)            10.53      (3,737,542)             11.21
          offset)                                                                                  percentage points


          In terms of expenses of each business segment as a percentage of total expenses of the Group, segment
          expenses of wealth management business and institutional services business increased by 8.41 percentage
          points and 0.70 percentage points, respectively, and segment expenses of investment management
          business and international business decreased by 0.12 percentage points and 8.31 percentage points,
          respectively.


          5. Information of R&D personnel

          During the Reporting Period, the Group focused on advancing its development from comprehensive
          digital transformation to comprehensive intelligent transformation. Centering on the technology strategy
          of “building technology into the Company’s core competitiveness”, the Group further strengthened the
          development of its technology organization, fostered a multi-level AI talent pool, innovated organizational
          mechanisms in the AI era, and sustained the high-quality development of its R&D team. As of the end of
          the Reporting Period, the Group had 3,220 R&D personnel, accounting for 20.76% of the total number of
          employees of the Group.




068
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the information of R&D personnel of the Group is as follows:


Number of R&D personnel of the Company                                                                      3,220

Percentage of the number of R&D personnel to the
                                                                                                            20.76
Company’s total number of employees (%)

                                  Education composition of R&D personnel

Education composition category                                             Number of education composition


                                                                                                                              About Us
Doctor                                                                                                         16

Master                                                                                                      1,557

Bachelor                                                                                                    1,605

Junior college graduate and below                                                                              42

                                     Age composition of R&D personnel



                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
Age composition category                                                         Number of age composition

Under 30 (excluding 30)                                                                                      930


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
30-40 (including 30, excluding 40)                                                                          1,922

40-50 (including 40, excluding 50)                                                                            312

50 and above (including 50)                                                                                    56




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
6. Cash flow
                                                                                 Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                          Amount for the          Amount of        Percentage of
                                     Amount for the        same period           increase or          increase or
Item                                  current period        of last year           decrease         decrease (%)

Net cash (used in)/generated
                                        (63,456,125)          34,818,437       (98,274,562)                  N/A
from operating activities

Net cash (used in)/generated
                                        (42,102,246)          20,496,121      (62,598,367)                   N/A
from investing activities




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Net cash generated from/(used
                                         110,790,256       (59,670,326)         170,460,582                  N/A
in) financing activities




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
Net increase/(decrease) in cash
                                           5,231,885        (4,355,768)          9,587,653                   N/A
and cash equivalents


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s net increase in cash and cash equivalents was RMB5.232 billion.
Among them:

(1) Net cash used in operating activities was RMB63.456 billion, a decrease of RMB98.275 billion compared
with the same period of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in financial assets at fair value through
profit or loss.

(2) Net cash used in investing activities was RMB42.102 billion, a decrease of RMB62.598 billion compared
with the same period of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in financial instruments at fair value




                                                                                                                     069
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          through other comprehensive income.

          (3) Net cash generated from financing activities was RMB110.790 billion, an increase of RMB170.461 billion
          compared with the same period of the previous year, mainly due to the increase in proceeds from the
          issuance of long-term bonds.


          7. Detailed description of significant changes in the Group’s business types, components or
          sources of profit
                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                       Amount for       Amount for
                                       the current the same period      Year-on-year
          Item                              period      of last year      change (%)                       Principal reason

          Total revenue, gains and                                                       Increase in fee and commission
                                         47,219,604      46,338,281             1.90
          other income                                                                                          income

          Total expenses               (32,171,860)    (33,339,894)           (3.50)       Decrease in interest expenses

                                                                                          Increase in fee and commission
          Operating profit               15,047,744      12,998,387            15.77
                                                                                       income, and decrease in expenses

                                                                                          Increase in fee and commission
          Profit before income tax      18,404,639       15,352,340            19.88
                                                                                       income, and decrease in expenses

                                                                                          Increase in fee and commission
          Profit for the year            16,372,754       15,518,874            5.50
                                                                                       income, and decrease in expenses

          Among which: profit for
          the year attributable                                                           Increase in fee and commission
                                         16,383,497        15,351,162           6.72
          to shareholders of the                                                       income, and decrease in expenses
          Company

                                     Balance as at     Balance as at
                                     the end of the the beginning of    Year-on-year
          Item                              period        the period      change (%)                       Principal reason

                                                                                      Increase in the scale of financial
                                                                                     assets at fair value through profit
          Total assets                1,077,347,556     814,270,494            32.31
                                                                                          or loss and margin accounts
                                                                                                             receivable

                                                                                        Increase in the scale of payables
          Total liabilities            870,351,352      622,376,573           39.84
                                                                                                      to brokerage clients

          Total shareholders’
                                       206,996,204       191,893,921            7.87        Profit generated for the year
          equity




070
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(II) Analysis of Key Items of Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

1. General description of consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                              As at December 31, 2025    As at December 31, 2024      Increase/Decrease
Item
                                 Amount         Ratio       Amount         Ratio       Amount            Ratio

Non-current assets


                                                                                                                            About Us
Property and equipment           6,749,551     0.63%        6,489,412     0.80%          260,139          4.01%

Investment properties              178,018     0.02%           182,131     0.02%          (4,113)      (2.26)%

Goodwill                          249,707      0.02%           51,342      0.01%        198,365       386.36%

Land-use rights and other
                                 2,135,007     0.20%       2,035,899       0.25%          99,108         4.87%
intangible assets

Interests in associates        22,285,733       2.07%      21,446,915      2.63%        838,818           3.91%


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Interests in joint ventures      1,344,777      0.12%         999,113      0.12%        345,664         34.60%



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Debt instruments at
                                42,557,169     3.95%      40,854,764       5.02%       1,702,405          4.17%
amortised cost

Financial assets held
                                  1,117,472     0.10%         199,610      0.02%         917,862      459.83%
under resale agreements

Debt instruments at
fair value through other        38,412,576      3.57%      5,938,076       0.73%     32,474,500       546.89%
comprehensive income




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Equity instruments at
fair value through other        14,613,478      1.36%        125,860       0.02%      14,487,618     11,510.90%
comprehensive income

Financial assets at fair
value through profit or         6,072,976      0.56%        5,292,149     0.65%         780,827         14.75%
loss

Refundable deposits             49,391,627     4.58%      33,451,298        4.11%    15,940,329         47.65%

Deferred tax assets              2,413,051      0.22%       1,591,926      0.20%         821,125        51.58%




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Other non-current assets           187,881     0.02%         240,951       0.03%       (53,070)       (22.03)%

Total non-current assets       187,709,023     17.42%     118,899,446     14.60%     68,809,577         57.87%




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Current assets

Accounts receivable            12,589,543        1.17%      5,587,233     0.69%        7,002,310       125.33%

Other receivables,
prepayments and other            4,093,160     0.38%        2,880,227      0.35%        1,212,933        42.11%
current assets

Margin accounts
                               186,014,825     17.27%     132,546,005     16.28%     53,468,820         40.34%
receivable

Debt instruments at
                                  1,961,138     0.18%      6,938,958      0.85%     (4,977,820)        (71.74)%
amortised cost




                                                                                                                   071
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                          As at December 31, 2025   As at December 31, 2024     Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                              Amount        Ratio      Amount         Ratio      Amount          Ratio

          Financial assets held
                                             16,491,714     1.53%      15,028,791     1.85%      1,462,923       9.73%
          under resale agreements

          Debt instruments at
          fair value through other          6,403,360      0.59%       4,197,477      0.52%      2,205,883      52.55%
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair
          value through profit or         372,869,353      34.61%   296,245,608     36.38%      76,623,745      25.86%
          loss

          Derivative financial assets       11,437,030      1.06%       9,991,125     1.23%      1,445,905       14.47%

          Clearing settlement funds         8,346,763       0.77%      11,136,758     1.37%    (2,789,995)    (25.05)%

          Cash held on behalf of
                                           221,738,092    20.58%     170,880,569    20.99%     50,857,523       29.76%
          brokerage clients

          Cash and bank balances           47,693,555      4.43%      39,521,458     4.85%       8,172,097      20.68%

          Held-for-sale assets                       –         –         416,839      0.05%      (416,839)    (100.00)%

          Total current assets            889,638,533     82.58%     695,371,048    85.40%     194,267,485      27.94%

          Total assets                    1,077,347,556   100.00%    814,270,494    100.00%    263,077,062       32.31%

          Current liabilities

          Short-term bank loans             21,647,664     2.49%      3,362,980       0.54%     18,284,684     543.70%

          Short-term debt
                                           60,329,377      6.93%     28,852,939      4.64%      31,476,438     109.09%
          instruments issued

          Placements from other
                                            37,134,967      4.27%      30,113,661     4.84%      7,021,306      23.32%
          financial institutions

          Accounts payable to
                                          240,910,426     27.68%     184,586,976    29.66%     56,323,450       30.51%
          brokerage clients

          Employee benefits
                                             4,502,377     0.52%       4,589,013      0.74%      (86,636)       (1.89)%
          payable

          Other payables and
                                            109,915,712    12.63%     75,436,419      12.12%    34,479,293       45.71%
          accruals

          Contract liabilities                 223,153     0.03%         104,692      0.02%         118,461      113.15%

          Current tax liabilities             1,450,281     0.17%        179,973      0.03%      1,270,308     705.83%

          Financial assets sold
          under repurchase                 148,156,522     17.02%     121,048,168    19.45%     27,108,354      22.39%
          agreements

          Financial liabilities at fair
          value through profit or          33,370,249      3.83%       33,474,911     5.38%      (104,662)      (0.31)%
          loss




072
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                As at December 31, 2025   As at December 31, 2024     Increase/Decrease
Item
                                   Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio       Amount         Ratio

Derivative financial
                                  18,224,472      2.09%     10,943,785      1.76%      7,280,687      66.53%
liabilities

Long-term bonds due
                                 83,066,273      9.54%      41,787,436      6.71%     41,278,837      98.78%
within one year

Held-for-sale liabilities                  –         –         75,402       0.01%       (75,402)    (100.00)%

Total current liabilities        758,931,473     87.20%   534,556,355     85.89%      224,375,118      41.97%            About Us

Net current assets               130,707,060         –     160,814,693          –    (30,107,633)    (18.72)%

Total assets less current
                                 318,416,083         –     279,714,139          –     38,701,944      13.84%
liabilities

Non-current liabilities



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Long-term bonds                 100,025,526      11.49%     73,671,381     11.84%     26,354,145      35.77%

Long-term bank loans                170,903      0.02%              –           –        170,903           –


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Non-current employee
                                   6,901,015     0.79%       6,116,922     0.98%        784,093       12.82%
benefits payable

Deferred tax liabilities            668,282      0.08%       476,548       0.08%          191,734     40.23%

Financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or           3,051,669      0.35%       6,973,421       1.12%   (3,921,752)    (56.24)%




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
loss

Other payables and
                                   602,484       0.07%        581,946      0.09%         20,538        3.53%
accruals

Total non-current
                                  111,419,879    12.80%    87,820,218       14.11%    23,599,661      26.87%
liabilities

Net assets                      206,996,204          –     191,893,921          –     15,102,283       7.87%

Equity

Share capital                     9,026,864      4.36%      9,027,302      4.70%           (438)           –



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Other equity instruments         33,300,000      16.09%    28,300,000      14.75%     5,000,000       17.67%

Treasury shares                      (7,102)         –      (100,545)     (0.05)%        93,443     (92.94)%



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Reserves                        108,747,265     52.54%     105,753,021     55.11%     2,994,244        2.83%

Retained profits                 55,872,443     26.99%     48,694,124     25.38%        7,178,319     14.74%

Total equity attributable
to shareholders of the          206,939,470     99.97%     191,673,902    99.89%      15,265,568       7.96%
Company

Non-controlling interests            56,734      0.03%        220,019        0.11%     (163,285)     (74.21)%

Total equity                    206,996,204     100.00%    191,893,921    100.00%     15,102,283       7.87%




                                                                                                                073
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s total non-current assets were RMB187.709 billion, representing an
          increase of RMB68.810 billion compared with the beginning of the year, mainly due to the increases of
          RMB32.475 billion, RMB14.488 billion and RMB15.940 billion in debt instruments at fair value through other
          comprehensive income, equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and
          refundable deposits, respectively. As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s total non-current liabilities were
          RMB111.420 billion, representing an increase of RMB23.600 billion compared with the beginning of the year,
          mainly due to the increase of RMB26.354 billion in long-term bonds.

          As at December 31, 2025, the Group’s total current assets were RMB889.639 billion, representing an increase
          of RMB194.267 billion compared with the beginning of the year, mainly due to the increases of RMB76.624
          billion, RMB53.469 billion and RMB50.858 billion in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, margin
          accounts receivable and cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, respectively. As at December 31, 2025,
          the Group’s total current liabilities were RMB758.931 billion, representing an increase of RMB224.375 billion
          compared with the beginning of the year, mainly due to the increases of RMB56.323 billion, RMB41.279 billion,
          RMB34.479 billion and RMB31.476 billion in accounts payable to brokerage clients, long-term bonds due
          within one year, other payables and accruals and short-term debt instruments issued, respectively.

          2. Major restricted assets as of the end of the Reporting Period

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, major restricted assets of the Group totaled RMB217,979,358 thousand,
          including cash and bank balances, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, debt investments at
          amortised cost, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, equity instruments
          at fair value through other comprehensive income, interests in associates and other current assets. Except
          for the above assets, no major assets of the Group were seized, detained, frozen, mortgaged or pledged,
          realized except under certain conditions, unable to be realized, or could not be used to pay the debts. There
          was no circumstance or arrangement under which the major assets were occupied, used or with limited
          beneficiary or disposal right.

          3. Contingent liabilities

          For contingent liabilities during the Reporting Period, please refer to “58. Outstanding litigations” of “Notes to
          the Consolidated Financial Statements” under the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial
          Statements” in this report.

          4. Description of changes in the measurement attribute of assets measured at fair value and
          major assets

          Fair value refers to the price received for selling one asset or the price payable for transferring one liability
          by a market participant in an orderly transaction on the measurement date.

          When estimating the fair value, the Group considers the characteristics that the market participants
          consider when they price the related assets or liabilities on the measurement date (including the asset
          status and the limitation on selling or using the assets), and adopts the currently available valuation
          techniques that are supported by adequate available data and other information. The main valuation
          techniques used include the market approach, income approach and cost approach.




074
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The impact of gains and losses of changes in fair value on the Group’s profit during the Reporting
Period is as follows:
                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Item                                                         Impact on profit for 2025   Impact on profit for 2024

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        2,870,167                  (3,901,985)

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   (722,191)                       28,452

Derivative financial instruments                                          (5,297,090)                    (988,058)


                                                                                                                                 About Us
Other assets                                                                  140,528                              –



5. Structure and quality of assets

As of December 31, 2025, total shareholders’ equity of the Group amounted to RMB206.996 billion,
representing an increase of RMB15.102 billion or 7.87% as compared to that as of the end of 2024, which was
mainly due to the realization of retained earnings by the Group during the Reporting Period.



                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
The asset structure of the Group continued to be optimized and the assets maintained good quality and
liquidity. As of December 31, 2025, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB1,077.348 billion, representing



                                                                                                                               and Strategies
an increase of RMB263.077 billion or 32.31% as compared to the beginning of the year. Specifically, cash
and bank balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and clearing settlement funds of the Group
amounted to RMB277.778 billion, accounting for 25.78% of the total assets; margin accounts receivable
amounted to RMB186.015 billion, accounting for 17.27% of the total assets; financial assets at fair value
through profit or loss amounted to RMB378.942 billion, accounting for 35.17% of the total assets; debt
investment at amortised cost and debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
amounted to a total of RMB89.334 billion, accounting for 8.29% of the total assets; property and equipment,
investment properties and other intangible assets accounted for 0.86% of the total assets. Most of the assets




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
have strong cash ability. The Group’s assets have strong liquidity and the asset structure is reasonable.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s gearing ratio increased. As of December 31, 2025, the total liabilities
of the Group amounted to RMB870.351 billion, representing an increase of RMB247.975 billion or 39.84% as
compared to the beginning of the year. The gearing ratio was 75.25% (excluding the impact of client-related
funds), representing an increase of 5.72 percentage points as compared to the beginning of the year.


As of December 31, 2025, the Group obtained funds through borrowings and debt financing instruments. As
of the end of the Reporting Period, total amount of the placements from other financial institutions of the
Group amounted to RMB302,375 million. Details are shown as follows:

                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Borrowings and debt financing plans                                                      As of December 31, 2025

Placement from China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                                               1,082,020




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Placement from other financial institutions                                                             36,052,947

Short-term bank loans                                                                                    21,647,664

Short-term debt instruments issued                                                                      60,329,377

Long-term bank loans                                                                                        170,903

Long-term bonds                                                                                         183,091,799

Total amount                                                                                            302,374,711




                                                                                                                        075
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Borrowings and debt financing with a financing maturity of more than one year were RMB100,196 million,
          accounting for 33.14%. Among them, borrowings and debt financing with a financing maturity of one to two
          years were RMB31,707 million, those with a financing maturity of two to five years were RMB57,100 million, and
          those with a financing maturity of over five years were RMB11,389 million. Borrowings and debt financing with
          a financing maturity of less than one year were RMB202,178 million, accounting for 66.86%.

          As of December 31, 2025, the Group’ s borrowings and debt financing with fixed interest rate were RMB301,293
          million. In particular, the balance of short-term borrowings was RMB21,648 million, the balance of long-term
          borrowings was RMB171 million, the balance of placements from other financial institutions was RMB36,053
          million, the balance of income receipts with fixed interest rate was RMB32,686 million, the balance of
          corporate bonds was RMB158,393 million, the balance of subordinated debts was RMB21,934 million, and the
          balance of foreign debts was RMB30,408 million.

          As of December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB60,601 million, of which
          RMB cash and cash equivalents accounted for 87.07%.

          As of December 31, 2025, the Group’s short-term bank borrowings included balance of credit borrowings of
          RMB20,880 million, and that of pledge borrowings of RMB768 million.

          As of December 31, 2025, the Group had long-term bank borrowings.

          6. Analysis of profitability

          In 2025, adhering to the “customer-centric” principle, the Group remained committed to deepening
          the “dual-wheel drive” development strategy of wealth management and institutional services under
          technology empowerment, built future-oriented and cycle-resilient core competitiveness, maintained a
          sound momentum of steady and proactive development, and ranked among the top players in the industry
          in terms of overall strength.

          7. Explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements

          For details of the explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements of the Group,
          please refer to “24. Investments in Subsidiaries” of “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under
          the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements” in this report.

          8. Analysis of income tax policy

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s income tax was subject to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of
          the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and the Implementation Regulations for
          Enterprise Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條例》). The
          calculation and payment methods of the income tax shall be subject to the Announcement of the State
          Taxation Administration on Issuing the “Administrative Measures for the Collection and Administration
          of Enterprise Income Tax by Enterprises with Cross-Regional Consolidated Operations (State Taxation
          Administration Announcement No. 57 of 2012) (《國家稅務總局關於印發 < 跨地區經營匯總納稅企業所得稅徵收管
          理 辦 法 > 的 公 告》( 國 家 稅 務 總 局 公 告 [2012]57 號 )). The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its
          domestic subsidiaries is 25%. The Company enjoys the preferential policy of calculating and deducting
          research and development expenses, and the profit tax rate applicable to the Hong Kong subsidiary of the
          Company is 16.5%. Other overseas subsidiaries of the Company are subject to income taxes at tax rates
          applicable in their jurisdictions.




076
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
9. Analysis of financing channels and financing capacity

               Except for equity financing, the Company, taking into account the market environment and
               its own demand, carried out financing in the domestic through stock exchanges, interbank
               market, counter market and other markets according to relevant policies and regulations.
               In particular, the short-term financing channels included credit lending, bond repurchasing,
Financing      short-term corporate bonds, short-term structured notes and margin refinancing, etc. The
channels       Company’s medium and long-term financing channels include issuing corporate bonds,
               subordinated bonds, perpetual subordinated bonds, long-term structured notes, etc.
               Meanwhile, the Company can also introduce offshore funds through the issuance of overseas

                                                                                                                              About Us
               bonds and medium-term notes as well as bank loans to support the business development of
               the Company.

               The Company has always attached great importance to liquidity management. As for
               funds management, it adhered to the principle of “full amount concentrated, allocated in a
               unified way, valued by classification and monitored timely”. In terms of management and
               development strategies, it paid attention to matching business scale with liabilities. Based on
               reasonable asset allocation and diversified debt financing, the Company ensured reasonable
               matching of duration, scale of assets and liabilities and proper liquidity.

                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
               The Company followed the general principles of comprehensiveness, prudency, predictiveness



                                                                                                                            and Strategies
               for liquidity risk management according to the centralized management and stratified
               prevention and control management model, established a liquidity risk management system
               based on comprehensive risk management framework, set up and improved the liquidity
               risk management system in line with the Company’s strategy, and implemented liquidity risk
               management policy with the preference for “steadiness and safety”. The Company ensured
               there is no liquidity risk that would cause significant impacts on sustainable operation, so as to
               fully guarantee the steady and safe development of the business of the Company.

             To ensure its liquidity safety, the Company has adopted various measures mainly including:




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
             1) constantly improving the capital position management, strengthening the daytime liquidity
Liquidity    monitoring system, and consolidating daytime liquidity risk prevention and control by keeping
management abreast of capital usage in business and day-time payment progress in a timely manner; 2)
policies and strengthening the management for the matching between durations of assets and liabilities,
measures     establishing high-quality current asset reserves, and enhancing the financing diversity and
             stability; 3) constantly promoting the construction of the treasury management platform, and
             strengthening the capabilities of the information system to identify, measure, monitor and
             control liquidity risks, in order to ensure that the liquidity risks are measurable, controllable and
             tolerable; 4) analyzing supervisory indicators of cash flow and liquidity risk under certain stress
             scenarios to evaluate the tolerance level of the Company for liquidity risks, and constantly




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
             optimizing the Company’s response capacity to liquidity risks based on the stress test results;
             5) with the guidance of consolidated statements management, continuously strengthening
             the management on the liquidity risk of subsidiaries, particularly the vertical management on




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
             the liquidity risk of overseas subsidiaries to improve subsidiaries’ response capacity to liquidity
             risks and the Group’s prevention and control of liquidity risks; 6) organizing the formulation,
             exercise and evaluation of a liquidity risk contingency plan, in order to improve the Company’s
             emergency capacity for liquidity risks; and 7) improving the liquidity risk reporting system, so
             as to ensure that the management is able to keep abreast of the Group’s liquidity risk level
             and management situation in a timely and accurately manner.

               During the Reporting Period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable
               funding ratio (NSFR) continued to meet regulatory requirements and maintained enough safe
               space.




                                                                                                                     077
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                        The Company has operated in compliance with regulations, enjoyed a sound reputation as
                        well as strong capital strength, profitability and debt repayment ability, maintained good
                        cooperation relationships with commercial banks, and had sufficient bank credit. As of the end
                        of the Reporting Period, the total credit line obtained by the Company from commercial banks
                        amounted to approximately RMB830.0 billion, demonstrating strong short-term and medium-
                        to-long term financing abilities. As of the end of the Reporting Period, after assessment by
                        China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit
          Analysis of   rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive assessment by Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating
          financing     & Investors Service Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit rating
          capability    outlook is stable. After comprehensive assessment by Standard & Poor’s, the long-term credit
          and financing rating of the Company was BBB+ and the credit rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive
          strategy      assessment by Moody’s, the long-term credit rating of the Company was Baa1 and the credit
                        rating outlook is stable.

                         The Company carried out and continuously optimized and adjusted its financing planning by
                         taking into account the market environment and its business demands, to ensure the balance
                         of the Company’s assets and liabilities structure and improve the overall efficiency of capital
                         allocation. Meanwhile, the Company maintained the follow-up research on the interest rate
                         and exchange rate markets and fully utilized corresponding financial instruments to avoid
                         risks.




          (III) Analysis of Industry Operation

          For details of the analysis of industry operation, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and
          Board Report” in this report.

          (IV) Analysis of Investments

          Overall analysis of external equity investments

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s interests in associates amounted to RMB22,286 million,
          representing an increase of RMB839 million or 3.91% as compared to RMB21,447 million at the beginning of
          the period; and the interests in joint ventures amounted to RMB1,345 million, representing an increase of
          RMB346 million or 34.63% as compared to RMB999 million at the beginning of the period. For details of the
          overall situation of the Group’s external equity investment, please refer to “25. Interests in associates” and
          “26. Interests in joint ventures” of “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under the “Independent
          Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements” in this report.

          1. Significant equity investment of the Company

          For details of the Company’s significant equity investments, please refer to “24. Investment in Subsidiaries” of
          “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated
          Financial Statements” in this report.

          2. The Company had no significant non-equity investment




078
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3. Financial assets measured at fair value
                                                                                                           Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                            The changed
                                                                                          Investment                       amount of fair
                                          Balance at the             Balance at the income during the                    value during the
Item                                     end of last year           end of this year  Reporting Period                   Reporting Period

Financial assets at fair
                                                301,537,757              378,942,329                  43,999,362                    2,870,167
value through profit or loss

Equity instruments at

                                                                                                                                                          About Us
fair value through other                             125,860                14,613,478                    374,288                   1,149,468
comprehensive income

Debt instruments at
fair value through other                          10,135,553               44,815,936                     (77,941)                  (567,661)
comprehensive income

Derivative financial
                                                 (952,660)                (6,787,442)                 (16,701,663)               (5,252,246)
instruments



                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Other assets                                                –                2,287,704                       65,721                   140,528




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Note: As at the end of the Reporting Period, any single item above did not exceed 5% of the total assets of the Group as at December 31, 2025.




4. There was no major asset restructuring and merger by the Company during the Reporting
Period

(V) Sales of Significant Assets and Equities by the Company during the Reporting
Period




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
In 2024, the Resolution on the Transfer of 20% Equity Interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. was
considered and approved at the fourteenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company,
agreeing to transfer its 20% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange to Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd.
( 江蘇金財投資有限公司 ), and authorize the senior management of the Company to handle relevant matters
involved in this transfer in accordance with laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, Jiangsu Equity
Exchange completed the industrial and commercial registration modification procedures for equity change.
As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s shareholding in Jiangsu Equity Exchange, which
is a participating subsidiary of the Company, is 32%. Subsequent to the Reporting Period, the Company
completed the transfer of the 32% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange in February 2026 and no longer
holds any equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange.



                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
(VI) There Was No Other Major Disposal, Acquisition, Replacement or Stripping of
Assets, Or Bankruptcy or Reorganization, Merger or Division, Restructuring or Other



                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Similar Situations of the Company during the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                                                 079
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VII) Analysis of Key Subsidiaries




080
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                      Shareholding percentage
      Name                          Type                      of the Company                   Registered capital                      Total assets                Net assets            Operating revenue        Operating profit                    Net profit

                                    Subsidiary                                  100%                      99,748.00                     664,548.65                 466,699.24                     219,912.71               17,251.22
                                                                                                                                                                                                                   16,786.26
      Huatai United Securities
      Co., Ltd.                Main businesses: securities underwriting and sponsorship business (excluding treasury bonds, non-financial corporate debt financing instruments and financial bond underwriting business);
                               financial advisory related to securities trading and investment activities; other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                    Subsidiary                                  100%                    260,000.00                      1,182,228.33               1,060,412.60                 220,556.74              148,594.02                    114,248.81
      Huatai Securities
      (Shanghai) Asset
      Management Co., Ltd.          Main businesses: securities asset management business; publicly offered securities investment funds management business. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out
                                    upon the approval of relevant authorities)

      Huatai International          Subsidiary                                  100%        HK$10,200,000,002.00              HK$205,444,763,100          HK$27,629,395,700               HK$9,290,575,900         HK$3,876,401,100          HK$3,283,804,900
      Financial Holdings
      Company Limited               Main business: holding company

                                    Subsidiary                                  100%                    600,000.00                      1,201,977.46              1,033,935.08                   114,903.97               102,766.31                  79,768.96
      Huatai Purple Gold
      Investment Co., Ltd.          Main businesses: equity investment, debt investment, other fund investments associated with equity investment and debt investment; investment consulting and investment management for
                                    equity investment and debt investment, and financial consulting services. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities)

                                    Subsidiary                                  100%                    350,000.00                       494,716.78                 425,513.30                    72,331.59               60,602.59                   46,500.03

                                    Main businesses: general items: investment activities with own capital; investment management; hotel management branch operation; fitness and leisure activities branch operation; laundry
      Huatai Innovative             services branch operation; typing and copying service branch operation; parking lot service branch operation; conference and exhibition service branch operation; tourism development
      Investment Co., Ltd.          project planning and consultation branch operation; ticketing agency service branch operation. (Except for items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business activities shall be
                                    carried out on their own in accordance with the business license). Permitted items: accommodation service branch operation; catering service branch operation; food sales branch operation;
                                    high-risk sports (swimming) branch operation. (Items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business activities shall be carried out upon the approval of the relevant departments,
                                    and specific business items shall be subject to the approval documents or permits of the relevant departments)

                                    Subsidiary                                  100%                    393,900.00                     8,832,630.14                 534,367.71                   162,895.87               29,751.76                   25,368.33
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.
                                    Main businesses: commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consultancy, asset management and fund sales. (Businesses that need to be approved by law
                                    shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities)

                                    Participating                              41.16%                      36,172.00                    1,792,216.29               1,153,094.53                  876,742.17             356,736.29                   270,548.42
      China Southern Asset          subsidiary
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                    Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the securities regulatory authority under the State Council.

                                    Participating                                49%                      20,000.00                     390,394.52                  232,639.71                   215,213.83               61,582.23                   45,483.46
      Huatai-PB Fund                subsidiary
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                    Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                    Participating                                32%                      20,000.00                        39,501.82                 34,489.10                     2,053.73                (883.95)                    (697.59)
                                    subsidiary
      Jiangsu Equity
      Exchange Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: provision of premises, facilities and services for approved listing, registration, custody, trading, financing, settlement, transfer, dividend distribution and pledge of equity
                                    interests, bonds, assets and related financial products and financial derivatives of unlisted companies, organization and monitoring of trading activities, issuance of market information, trading
                                    of listed products in the trading market as an agent, and provision of consultation services for market participants. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the
                                    approval of relevant authorities

                                    Participating                              5.03%                 1,835,132.4463                492,749,685.60               34,626,822.80                   6,718,280.10           3,615,732.00                 3,189,465.10
                                    subsidiary

                                Main businesses: deposits taking from the general public; granting short-term, medium-term and long-term loans; handling domestic settlements; handing acceptance and discounting of
                                negotiable instruments; issuing financial bonds; acting as an agent for the issue, honoring and underwriting of government bonds and underwriting of short-term financing bills; buying and
      Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. selling government bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds; engaging in interbank lending; providing letter of credit services and guaranty; acting as an agent for receipts/payments and
                                insurance business, wealth management, fund sales, precious metal sales, receipts/payments and custody of collective fund trust scheme; provision of safe deposit boxes; handing entrusted
                                deposits and loans; bank card services; foreign currency deposits; foreign currency loans; foreign exchange remittances; currency exchange; settlement and sales of foreign exchange, acting
                                as an agent for forward settlement and sales of foreign exchange; international settlement; proprietary trading and agency for trading of foreign exchange; interbank foreign exchange lending;
                                trading or acting as an agent for trading in foreign currency securities other than stocks; credit investigation, consultation and witness services; online banking, and other services approved by
                                the banking regulatory bodies and relevant authorities. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities)

      Notes:
      1. In February 2026, the Company completed the transfer of its 32% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange and no longer held any equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange.
      2. The financial data of the Bank of Jiangsu was extracted from the 2025 Third Quarterly Report of Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. disclosed by it.




081
                                         Financial Report and                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                                           About Us                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                                          and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VIII) Structured Entities Controlled by the Company

          The structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly refer to the asset management plans with the
          Group concurrently serving as the manager or investment advisor and the investor. The Group carries out
          a comprehensive assessment of whether the Group will be significantly affected by variable returns due
          to the return which the Group is entitled to for the shares held by it and its remuneration as the manager
          or investment advisor of the asset management plan, and according to which, determines whether the
          Group is the main responsible party for the asset management plan. As at December 31, 2025, the Group
          has consolidated 78 structured entities with its total assets reaching RMB62.418 billion. The book value of the
          equity of the above consolidated structured entities held by the Group amounted to RMB55.249 billion. The
          Group did not provide financial assistance to the above structured entities.

          (IX) Other information

          1. Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

          For details of the establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period,
          please refer to “24. Investments in Subsidiaries” of “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under
          the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements” in this report.

          2. Establishment and disposal of the Company’s securities branch offices and securities
          branches during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company relocated and renamed 4 securities branch offices, and no
          securities branch offices were newly established or cancelled; 1 securities branch was newly established, 6
          securities branches were cancelled, and 16 securities branches were relocated and renamed.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 27 securities branch offices and 243 securities
          branches. For details, please refer to “Appendix II. List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this
          report.


          (1) Relocation and rename of securities branch offices of the Company during the Reporting Period

                Name before         Name after
                relocation and      relocation and        Address after relocation and change of                Issue date
          No.   change of name      change of name        name                                                  of license

                                                          Unit 1801, 18/F, Unit 1, Building 7, No. 1777 North
                Sichuan Branch of Sichuan Branch of       Section of Tianfu Avenue, Chengdu High-
          1                                                                                                     April 15, 2025
                Huatai Securities Huatai Securities       Tech Zone, China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade
                                                          Zone

                Liaoning Branch                           Units 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6, 15/F, Tower B, Business
                                    Liaoning Branch of
          2     of Huatai                                 Plaza, No. 125 Qingnian Street, Shenhe District, May 21, 2025
                                    Huatai Securities
                Securities                                Shenyang City, Liaoning Province

                                                          Units 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 and 7, 15/F, Tower B,
                Liaoning Branch
                                    Liaoning Branch of    Business Plaza, No. 125 Qingnian Street,              October 22,
          3     of Huatai
                                    Huatai Securities     Shenhe District, Shenyang City, Liaoning              2025
                Securities
                                                          Province

                                                          Units 1B, 2, 3 and 4, 10/F, Unit 1, NIC National
                                                          Innovation Center, Building 7, No. 1777 North
                Sichuan Branch of Sichuan Branch of                                                             October 30,
          4                                               Section of Tianfu Avenue, Chengdu High-
                Huatai Securities Huatai Securities                                                             2025
                                                          Tech Zone, China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade
                                                          Zone




082
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(2) Newly established securities branches of the Company during the Reporting Period

No.   Name of securities branches       Address                                          Issue date of license

      Securities Branch of Huatai       Unit 105, 1/F; Unit 03, 26/F, Inside Room 101,
1     Securities in Lize Business       -4/F to 43/F, Building 1, No. 161 Jinze Road,    November 6, 2025
      District, Beijing                 Fengtai District, Beijing



(3) Cancellation of securities branches of the Company during the Reporting Period


                                                                                             Cancellation date                 About Us
No.   Name of securities branches               Address                                      of license

      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities in No. 101, Zhenzhou East Road, Zhenzhou
1                                                                                            March 31, 2025
      Zhenzhou East Road, Yizheng, Yangzhou Town, Yizheng City, Jiangsu Province

                                                Nos. 220, 222 and 226, Business
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities
                                                Buildings, Longchuan Road, Zhongyuan
2     in South Longchuan Road, Jiangdu,                                              July 1, 2025


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                Europe City, Xiannv Town, Jiangdu
      Yangzhou
                                                District, Yangzhou City



                                                                                                                             and Strategies
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities in
                                                No. 10, Hongqiao North Road, Changjing
3     Hongqiao North Road, Changjing Town,                                             November 1, 2025
                                                Town, Jiangyin City
      Jiangyin

      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities in No. 109, Yezhou Avenue, Yezhou Town,
4                                                                                            November 30, 2025
      Yezhou Avenue, Jianshi                    Jianshi County

                                                No. 5 Chutian Road, Badong County,
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities in




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
5                                               Enshi Tujia and Miao Autonomous              November 30, 2025
      Chutian Road, Badong
                                                Prefecture, Hubei Province

      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities in No. 1, Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng
6                                                                                            November 30, 2025
      Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng                    County, Hubei Province



(4) Relocation and rename of securities branches of the Company during the Reporting Period


      Name before relocation     Name after relocation     Address after relocation and               Issue date
No.   and change of name         and change of name        change of name                             of license




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
      Securities Branch of       Securities Branch of      103, No. 628 South Street, New
                                                                                                      January 14,
1     Huatai Securities in       Huatai Securities in      Century Plaza, Licheng Street, Liyang
                                                                                                      2025
      South Street, Liyang       South Street, Liyang      City



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                           No. 1-01, 1/F and No. 2-01, 2/F for
                                 Securities Branch         commercial purposes, Block 4,
      Securities Branch of
                                 of Huatai Securities      Yingyuan Health City, West of       January 14,
2     Huatai Securities in
                                 in Jintong Avenue,        Jintong Avenue, Macheng Economic 2025
      Ronghui Road, Macheng
                                 Macheng                   Development Zone, Huanggang City,
                                                           Hubei Province

                                                           501, 502, 512, 515 and 516, 5/F, Building
      Securities Branch of       Securities Branch of
                                                           2, 116, 1/F and 216, 2/F, Building 1, No. 28 January 23,
3     Huatai Securities in       Huatai Securities in
                                                           Andingmen East Street, Dongcheng 2025
      Yonghe Temple, Beijing     Yonghe Temple, Beijing
                                                           District, Beijing City




                                                                                                                      083
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                Name before relocation   Name after relocation    Address after relocation and               Issue date
          No.   and change of name       and change of name       change of name                             of license

                                         Securities Branch of
                Securities Branch of
                                         Huatai Securities in
                Huatai Securities in                              5/F, No. 1508 Mudanjiang Road,             April 17,
          4                              Mudanjiang Road,
                Mudanjiang Road,                                  Baoshan District, Shanghai City            2025
                                         Baoshan District,
                Shanghai
                                         Shanghai

                Securities Branch        Securities Branch
                                                                  Rooms 2703-2706, Building 3, No.
                of Huatai Securities     of Huatai Securities                                                April 24,
          5                                                       222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe District,
                in Xingmin Road,         in Xingmin Road,                                                    2025
                                                                  Guangzhou City
                Guangzhou                Guangzhou

                                                                  Room 104, 1/F, Room 108, 1/F and
                Securities Branch of     Securities Branch of     Room 202, 2/F, Podium Building,
                Huatai Securities in     Huatai Securities in     Commercial Center, No. 198 Su
          6                                                                                                  July 7, 2025
                Wuzhong Avenue,          Wuzhong Avenue,          Street, Yuexi Sub-district, Wuzhong
                Suzhou                   Suzhou                   Economic Development Zone,
                                                                  Suzhou

                Securities Branch of     Securities Branch of     Rooms 101-1, 1/F, Rooms 1601-2, 16/
                Huatai Securities in     Huatai Securities in     F and Room 1602, 16/F, Fortune
          7                                                                                                  July 7, 2025
                Ganjiang West Road,      Zongguantang Road,       Building, No. 333 Zongguantang
                Suzhou                   Suzhou                   Road, Gusu District, Suzhou City

                Securities Branch of     Securities Branch of  1-103 and 104, Building B, Baolong
                                                                                                             September
          8     Huatai Securities in     Huatai Securities in  Plaza, No. 99 Heping Road, Yunlong
                                                                                                             16, 2025
                Science Park, Xuzhou     Heping Avenue, Xuzhou District, Xuzhou City

                Securities Branch of
                                         Securities Branch of 3/F, Building 1, No. 8 Hudong Road,
                Huatai Securities in                                                                         September
          9                              Huatai Securities in Chongchuan District, Nantong City,
                Middle Renmin Road,                                                                          16, 2025
                                         Hudong Road, Nantong Jiangsu Province
                Nantong

                                         Securities Branch        Nos 608-611, 6/F, Unit 2, Block 1, No.
                Securities Branch of
                                         of Huatai Securities     219 Jiaozi Avenue, Chengdu High-       October 15,
          10    Huatai Securities in
                                         in Jiaozi Avenue,        tech Zone, China (Sichuan) Pilot Free 2025
                Shixili, Xipu, Chengdu
                                         Chengdu                  Trade Zone

                                         Securities Branch of
                Securities Branch of                              Rooms 1405-1415, Building 1, Minghui
                                         Huatai Securities in                                                October 29,
          11    Huatai Securities in                              Commercial Center, Liuwei Road,
                                         Jinmao Plaza, Hedong,                                               2025
                Huachang Road, Tianjin                            Hedong District, Tianjin City
                                         Tianjin

                Securities Branch of
                                         Securities Branch of     No. 999, Beihai Road, Haimen Sub-
                Huatai Securities in                                                                         October 31,
          12                             Huatai Securities in     district, Haimen District, Nantong
                Changjiang Road,                                                                             2025
                                         Beihai Road, Haimen      City
                Haimen

                Securities Branch of     Securities Branch of     3-29, 3-30, 3-31, 3-32, 3-33, 3-34 of
                                                                                                             November
          13    Huatai Securities in     Huatai Securities in     No. 230 Liuting Street, Haishu District,
                                                                                                             12, 2025
                Liuting Street, Ningbo   Liuting Street, Ningbo   Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province




084
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      Name before relocation   Name after relocation    Address after relocation and          Issue date
No.   and change of name       and change of name       change of name                        of license

                                                        Room 12, Block 15, Lidu Garden,
      Securities Branch of     Securities Branch of
                                                        Ziweiyuan, No. 388 Fushou Road,       November
14    Huatai Securities in     Huatai Securities in
                                                        Rucheng Sub-district, Rugao City,     24, 2025
      Fushou Road, Rugao       Fushou Road, Rugao
                                                        Nantong City, Jiangsu Province

                                                        Rooms 102, 1001 and 1002-1, Block 7,
      Securities Branch of     Securities Branch of
                                                        Canal Platinum Bay Financial Plaza, November
15    Huatai Securities in     Huatai Securities in

                                                                                                                       About Us
                                                        No. 6 Zhuyuan Road, High-tech Zone, 24, 2025
      Heshan Road, Suzhou      Zhuyuan Road, Suzhou
                                                        Suzhou City

      Securities Branch of     Securities Branch of
      Huatai Securities in     Huatai Securities in     403, 404 and 405, 4/F, No. 87
                                                                                              December
16    International Finance    International Finance    Xisanhuan North Road, Haidian
                                                                                              11, 2025
      and Economy Center,      and Economy Center,      District, Beijing
      Xisanhuan, Beijing       Xisanhuan, Beijing



3. Standardization of accounts such as unqualified accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk                       Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
disposal accounts and pure fund accounts

As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 3,889 unqualified securities accounts, 4,668 judicially frozen
securities accounts, 81,405 risk disposal securities accounts, and 757,405 pure capital accounts.

Account standardization has reached the following quality standards: (1) Except for restricted use of
dormant securities accounts, remaining unqualified securities accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
disposal accounts, etc., the accounts engaging in normal trading activities are all qualified accounts. (2)




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Regular comparison of funds and securities account information was made to verify the consistency of key
information such as customer names and numbers to prevent the addition of unqualified accounts. Key
information inconsistencies due to special circumstances such as differences in information rules between
the depository bank and the registered company or unusual word processing have been explained on a
case-by-case basis.

Relevant measures for long-term and standardized management of accounts: (1) The daily management
of accounts was strengthened and the real-name system requirements for account business were
strictly implemented. Through face recognition technology, combined with ID card readers, public security
network verification, mobile phone number verification by relevant operator, the Group has strengthened
investor identity information identification, continued to innovate account management measures and
improve standard long-term management mechanisms of accounts. (2) Based on the construction of the



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Company’s comprehensive account management system, the Group has solidified the service support
capabilities of its operation stack. The Group continuously optimized its integrated management platform of
customers’ basic information and its integrated agreement management platform, upgraded customers’



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
file management system, strengthened the management of business handling files of customer accounts
through Internet channels, and continued to do its best in the physical and electronic management of
customer account business files.



III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

(I) Competition Landscape and Trend of the Industry

At present, China is facing profound changes interwoven with a new round of technological revolution,




                                                                                                              085
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          industrial reshaping and economic transition, while the transformation of old growth drivers of the macro
          economy and industrial development into new ones is speeding up. With the release of the Outline of the
          15th Five-Year Plan for National Economic and Social Development of the People’s Republic of China and
          other important policy documents, the capital market has also accelerated its entry into a new round
          of deepening reform stage, speeding up high-quality development on the basis of strong supervision
          and risk prevention. The key role and pivotal function of the capital market will become more prominent
          in promoting the development of new productive forces, supporting the construction of a modernized
          industrial system and serving the high-quality development of the real economy, and the securities industry
          will usher in greater opportunities for transformation and development. At the same time, there are multiple
          complexities and uncertainties in global economic performance and financial market development, which
          will also bring new challenges to the development of the securities industry.

          First, a new round of reform in the capital market will push the securities industry into a new stage of high-
          quality development. The outline of the “15th Five-Year Plan” explicitly proposes to “continuously deepen
          the comprehensive reform of investment and financing in the capital market, enhance the institutional
          inclusiveness and adaptability of the capital market, and increase the proportion of direct financing”,
          and the CSRC has further optimized and improved the relevant polices and mechanisms for improving
          the capital market functions with coordinated investment and financing. This will effectively solidify the
          institutional foundation for the long-term healthy development of the capital market, and promote a
          positive cycle of “capital-investment-assets”. In the process of accelerating the reform and opening-up in
          the capital market, the high-quality development of the securities industry has accelerated and expanded
          in depth, and the financial functions of the “service provider” for direct financing, the “gatekeeper” for the
          capital market, and the “manager” of social wealth will be more fully utilized. Guided by the policies of
          differentiated and classified supervision, including building first-class investment banks and investment
          institutions, and optimizing the risk control indexes of high-quality securities companies, leading securities
          companies in the industry will embrace an effectively expanded room for capital, whose efficiency of capital
          utilization will be significantly enhanced, and such companies will become better and stronger through
          business innovation, organization innovation, M&As and reorganization, etc.; small and medium-sized
          securities companies will rely on their own resource endowments and professional capabilities to achieve
          specialized and differentiated development.

          Second, the continuous deepening of functional positioning has placed higher demands on the core
          professional competence of the securities industry. Under new policies and market environment, the
          underlying logic of the capital market and the development of the securities industry is undergoing profound
          changes. It is more important for securities companies to adhere to the customer-oriented philosophy,
          actively fulfill important functions and missions such as supporting the development of the real economy,
          fostering new quality productive forces and serving wealth allocation of residents, continuously make efforts
          in optimizing and upgrading business models, and strive to promote the advanced improvement of core
          capabilities in several aspects: in terms of serving the transformation and upgrading of serving the real
          economy, enhancing in-depth insights into key industries and underlying assets, focusing on the objective
          needs of various enterprises such as global expansion of high-quality leading enterprises and rapid growth
          of innovative enterprises, and building a comprehensive service capability system featuring multi-product,
          multi-market, diversification and long cycles to support the development and growth of enterprises; in
          terms of serving the reform and development of the capital market, fully integrating business resources,
          enhancing professional capabilities such as investment research empowerment, risk pricing, market-
          making trading and product creation, strengthening the management of the balance sheet, and better
          satisfying the needs of institutional investors for financial services in aspects such as multi-asset trading
          and comprehensive services in a sufficient manner; in terms of serving the wealth allocation of Chinese
          residents, continuously strengthening buyer-side investment advisory business models, and providing more
          professional and high-quality trading and asset allocation services, so as to create professional values
          for their customers across economic cycles, and actively seize the market opportunities of the wealth re-
          allocation of Chinese residents.

          Third, technology empowerment and intelligent transformation will facilitate the deep reform of the
          development model of the securities industry. Digital intelligent transformation is gradually becoming a




086
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
core driver for reforms in the operation, service and business models of brokers. Currently, the accelerated
development of artificial intelligence technology represented by generative AI is reshaping the service
model and underlying logic of the securities industry, and the application scenarios of large AI models have
covered various fields such as wealth management, intelligent investment research, intelligent investment
banking, and intelligent customer service. As some securities firms have launched AI-native applications
and initiated new customer service models, the digitalization process of the securities industry is advancing
deeply from tool-based and platform-based to intelligent, accelerating the entry into a new era in
which technology empowers profound changes in business development and management operations.
Against the backdrop of continuous enrichment and popularization of artificial intelligence and other new
technological application scenarios, the promotion of comprehensive digitization and greater intelligence

                                                                                                                           About Us
of the front, middle and back ends with data elements as the underlying driver will bring about an all-
round impact on the upgrading of business models, innovation of business models and enhancement of
management efficiencies for securities companies. Intelligent transformation has become an irreversible
trend in the securities industry. Promoting the in-depth integration of technology with business development
will become an important tool for securities companies to enhance their value creation and market
competitiveness.

Fourth, enhanced international deployment and expansion will open up high-quality development
opportunities for the securities industry. The “15th Five-Year Plan” has outlined a new blueprint for expanding


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
high-level opening up, and also pointed out a new direction and created new strategic opportunities
for securities companies to serve high-level institutional opening up and deepen their international


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
development layout. With the expansion and deepening of global layout of China’s industrial chain and
the deepening of the revaluation of Chinese assets, there is a greater need for a group of professional
investment banks that are familiar with China’s national and market conditions, proficient in international
market rules, and capable of efficiently allocating global resources, and large securities companies
shoulder an important mission in this process. Putting more efforts into the development and deployment
of overseas business, continuously enhancing core capabilities when participating in international market
competition, and playing a key role in safeguarding national financial interests and security as well as
strengthening global asset pricing power in the process of building a financial powerhouse have become




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
the inevitable directions and important targets for building a first-class investment bank.

(II) Development Strategy of the Company

1. Strategic vision: Striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and
global influence.

2. Service philosophy: Being customer-oriented, and upholding “One Customer” internally and “One Huatai”
externally, to be accountable to all clients, shareholders, staff and society to achieve harmony and unity.

3. Strategic orientation: By adhering to the development philosophy of serving the country and people
as a financial institution and the idea of customer orientation, the Group will continue to deepen the



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
core development strategy of “dual-wheel drive” of wealth management and institutional services with
technology empowerment, promote the intelligent and international development levels to new heights,
and build a future-oriented core competitiveness across economic cycles; consolidate and enhance its




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
leading position in the industry in terms of asset scale, capital strength, profitability, competitiveness of
main businesses and financial technology strength, continuously strengthen the market leadership and
international competitiveness, and strive to build a first-class investment bank; and firmly adhere to the
long-termism philosophy, fully leverage the role of patient capital, act as a torchbearer of deep value and
a creator of long-term value, and contribute the strength of Huatai to the high-quality development of the
real economy and the capital market.

(III) Business Operation Plan

Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” in this report.




                                                                                                                  087
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Capital Needs of the Company to Sustain Current Business and Complete
          Ongoing Investment Projects

          During the Reporting Period, all businesses of the Company were carried out in an orderly manner. Due to
          its business nature as a securities company, the Company has a huge capital demand, which changes
          with market fluctuations. The Company continuously enhances capital management, improves efficiency in
          resources allocation, constantly diversifies financing varieties, expands financing channels and reasonably
          arranges financing maturity to guarantee the capital needs for various businesses. As of the end of the
          Reporting Period, the total balance of onshore and offshore long-term and short-term borrowings, bonds
          payable, short-term financing funds payable, placement from other financial institutions and financial
          assets sold under repurchase agreements of the Company was RMB450.531 billion. The Company will
          continue to enhance onshore and offshore capital management and select appropriate financing
          instruments to raise funds based on the needs in business development. It will continue to explore new
          financing varieties and methods, improve the financing capability and optimize the capital structure of the
          Company to guarantee the fund demand for business development.

          (V) Potential Risks

          1. Overview of Risk Management

          The Company attached great importance to risk management. According to regulatory requirements
          and the actual situation of business development, the Company established and improved an overall
          risk management system based on the core concepts of “full staff engagement, full coverage and full
          penetration”, incorporated all subsidiaries into the risk management system of the Group, and built an
          effective subsidiary management model. The Company has a solid risk management framework with clearly
          defined responsibilities and staff at all levels performing their duties effectively; the Company has set risk
          preferences and tolerance levels that are in line with the business development strategy, and established
          a multi-level risk management system covering all aspects of business operation and management; the
          Company vigorously promoted the construction of groupwide risk-management technology system to
          enhance the quality and efficiency of risk management through technology empowerment.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company implemented the internationalization development strategy,
          established an integrated domestic and overseas risk management system and operation mechanism,
          responded efficiently to various cross-border business expansion needs, facilitated collaborative innovation
          through pilot programs, and safeguarded the Group’s deepened global layout and full business chain
          development. The Company has always adhered to the principle of integrating risk management into
          business operations and keeping in step with business development, closely centered on customer needs,
          focused on key businesses and high-risk areas, dynamically promoted the effective implementation of key
          measures, enhanced the foresight in risk identification and prevention, continuously improved the efficiency
          of regulatory capital utilization, and released the vitality of high-quality business development under the
          premise of maintaining the safety bottom line. Adhering to the risk management culture of “moving forward
          with steady progress”, the Company evaluated and improved risk appetite and tolerance, amended
          and optimized the risk management systems and mechanisms, strengthened the risk management
          mechanisms of subsidiaries, further enhanced the guiding role of risk management assessment, and
          stabilized the Company’s development foundation to calmly cope with external risk challenges. Centering
          on building the core competence of “data + measurement”, the Company continuously deepened the
          development of self-developed quantitative model tools, upgraded and iterated various professional
          risk management applications, promoted the transformation of platform-based achievements into risk
          management capabilities, and further leveraged technological means such as artificial intelligence to
          empower risk management to advance toward value creation.




088
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2. Risk management structure



                                                      Board of Directors




     Chief Risk Officer                              Senior Management




                                                                                                                            About Us




                                                                                All
      Risk         Capital      Strategic   Information    Other Risk      Departments      All         All
   Management     Operation   Development   Technology    Management
                                                                              of the     Branches   Subsidiaries
   Department    Department   Department    Department    Departments
                                                                            Company



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
The risk management organizational structure of the Company includes the Board of the Directors, the
Compliance and Risk Management Committee and the Audit Committee under the Board the Directors, the
Senior Management, the Risk Management Committee under the senior management, the Chief Risk Officer,
all departments, branches, subsidiaries, risk management departments and the audit department.

The Board of the Company is ultimately responsible for overall risk management of the Company and is




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
responsible for establishing a risk management concept that is in line with the Company, comprehensively
promoting the construction of risk culture, reviewing and approving the Company’s risk management
strategy, the basic system relating to overall risk management, risk appetite and risk tolerance, and
reviewing periodic risk assessment reports of the Company, etc. The Compliance and Risk Management
Committee is set up under the Board of the Company to provide opinions for the consideration and
decision-making of the Board. The Audit Committee is set up under the Board of the Company to assume
supervisory responsibility for overall risk management and propose the removal of Directors and senior
management members who bear the main or leadership responsibility for major risk events.

Based on the authorization and approval of the Board, the senior management of the Company assumes
primary responsibility for overall risk management, actively promotes the Company’s risk culture, and is




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
responsible for implementing risk management work, addressing issues in risk management and reporting
to the Board. The Risk Management Committee is set up under the senior management of the Company
to be responsible for coordinating the integrated overall risk management work both domestically and




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
internationally, and promoting the construction and improvement of a risk management system that is
in line with the Company’s development strategy. The Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for
overall risk management.

The Company designates the Risk Management Committee and risk management department to perform
risk management duties, promote the overall risk management work under the leadership of the Chief Risk
Officer, specifically organize, promote and implement various risk management tasks, and take the lead
in managing the market risk, credit risk, operational risk and model risk of the Company. The Company
designates the capital operation department to take the lead in managing the liquidity risk of the Company,
designates the strategic development department to take the lead in managing the reputation risk of
the Company, and designates the information technology department to take the lead in managing the
information technology risk of the Company.




                                                                                                                   089
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The heads of all departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are the first responsible persons
          for risk management in their respective units, assume the direct responsibility for risk management in their
          units. In their daily work, they shall advocate and urge employees to practice the Company’s risk culture,
          organize the implementation of the Company’s risk management system, process measures and risk
          control requirements, and identify from the source, analyze, assess, monitor, control, respond to and report
          risks.

          The audit department of the Company incorporates overall risk management into the internal audit scope,
          regularly makes independent and objective reviews and evaluation on the adequacy and effectiveness of
          overall risk management, and urges relevant units and personnel to rectify and address the issues identified
          during the audit.

          3. Market risk

          Market risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from fluctuations in risk factors, including
          stock prices, interest rates, exchange rates and commodities.

          During the Reporting Period, the global capital market experienced significant fluctuations. The Company
          actively controlled its risk exposure and managed the market risk of holding assets through various risks
          control measures. The Company continuously optimized the unified risk limitation system and controlled
          business risks from various aspects, such as Market Value at Risk (VAR), stop-loss, stress testing, sensitivity,
          etc. The Company continued to improve its stress testing system and regularly calculated the impacts
          of various extreme risks, identified and evaluated tail risk resilience. In respect of investments in equity
          securities, given market volatility, the Company managed market risks through various manners such as
          risk exposure control, derivatives hedging and diversification of investment subjects, and actively explored
          trading opportunities while ensuring the risks of assets controllable. In respect of fixed-income securities
          investment, the Company hedged market risk with interest rate derivatives and adjusted the position
          structure to respond to the impacts of interest rate fluctuations on the term and structure of investment
          portfolios, and actively sought opportunities for pricing deviations to enhance overall income while
          controlling overall duration, basis point value and VAR value. In respect of derivatives business, the Company
          adopted a market neutral strategy for the OTC derivatives business and controlled the exposure risks such
          as Delta, Gamma and Vega within acceptable limits. It created profit opportunities with risks under control.


          Market Value at Risk (VAR)
                                                                                          Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                            Forward-looking period: 1 day; confidence: 95%; historical analogical method

                                                             The Company                            The Group

                                                          As at the     As at the            As at the             As at the
                                                        end of 2025   end of 2024          end of 2025           end of 2024

          Equity-sensitive financial
                                                            28,432           6,466               32,619                 14,184
          instruments

          Interest-sensitive financial
                                                             4,508           4,844                 4,153                 4,813
          instruments

          Commodity-sensitive financial
                                                              3,153          1,369                3,306                  1,958
          instruments

          Overall portfolio risk value                      29,022           7,757               33,292                 14,140

          Source: Internal statistics of the Company.




090
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Sequence Descriptive Statistics of Market Value at Risk (VAR) during the Reporting Period

                                                                                  Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                  Forward-looking period: 1 day; confidence: 95%; historical analogical method

                                              At the beginning       At the end     Maximum                Minimum
                                                  of the period   of the period         value                  value

The Group                                                14,140         33,292           37,195                 8,906

The Company                                               7,757         29,022          30,308                   6,412


                                                                                                                                   About Us
Source: Internal statistics of the Company.



4. Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk of loss of the Company that may result from the default of a financing party or
issuer or counterparty in financing, investment, trading and other businesses.

During the Reporting Period, the global financial market experienced intensified fluctuations, which had
an impact on the relevant industry entities. The Company closely kept abreast of regulatory policies,


                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
macroeconomic and financial market changes, and continued to strengthen the whole process of credit
risk management to ensure the smooth development of its business. During the Reporting Period, the


                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Company’s exposure to credit risk was generally controllable and no significant credit risk events occurred.
With respect to financing business, the Company implemented stringent management measures through
continuous monitoring over risky customers and risky assets and timely risk mitigation, deepened the
post-loan tracking of key customers, optimized the response mechanism for individual stock delisting
risks, intensified the management of business counter-cyclical adjustments, and flexibly adjusted the risk
structure of the business to keep routine business risks under control and prevent bottom-line risks. With
respect to investment business, the Company continued to deepen the unified management system and
systematic construction of credit bond subjects for the Group’s various business lines, strengthened the




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
forward-looking research capabilities on macro trends and industry risks, closely followed changes in the
regulatory policies of key industries and dynamically adjusted risk management plans, so as to guide the
optimization of portfolio structure. With respect to trading business, the Company constantly optimized
and improved the unified management system and systematic construction of counterparties at the
Group level, implemented strict counterparty credit and margin management mechanism, strengthened
continuous duration monitoring, and constantly enhanced the effectiveness of risk management in the
whole business process. With respect to guaranteed settlement business, the Company strictly controlled
customer access, continued to improve the design of risk control indicators, promoted front-end control
and systematic construction, and strengthened the ability of risk event tackling and handling as well as risk
transmission management.




                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
5. Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in time




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and meet the capital requirements for carrying out
businesses as normal.

The Company has always attached importance to liquidity safety, adhered to a “sound and safe” liquidity
risk preference, followed the principle of comprehensiveness, importance, applicability, effectiveness,
prudence and foresight, and continued to improve the identification, measurement, monitoring and
control mechanisms of liquidity risks based on a management model of “centralized management and
stratified prevention and control”, to continuously improve the risk management level. On the basis of
comprehensively controlling overall liquidity risks, the Company identified potential risks of all business lines
from the source by new business evaluation process and regular analysis of existing risks, and formulated
targeted control measures. The Company has established a liquidity indicator analysis framework covering
cash flow, and scientifically set risk limits and achieved daily monitoring through the information technology




                                                                                                                          091
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          system, significantly improving monitoring frequency and control effect. The Company regularly and
          occasionally conducted special stress tests on liquidity risks, and accordingly optimized and enhanced risk
          resistance capacity in a targeted manner. In order to ensure that liquidity needs can be met in a timely
          manner under stress, the Company has established a high-quality liquid asset reserve of a sufficient scale
          based on risk preferences. At the same time, the Company has expanded its debt financing channels and
          quotas from multiple perspectives, and continued to enhance the Company’s general and emergency
          financing capabilities. Besides, the Company has formulated liquidity risk emergency plans, organized
          regular drills and continuously improved its emergency response mechanism. With the release of the
          consolidated statements management guidelines, the Company took this opportunity to further strengthen
          its subsidiary liquidity risk management, and improve the subsidiaries’ risk response capability, thereby
          improving the Group’s prevention and control level of overall liquidity risks. During the Reporting Period, the
          Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding ratio (NSFR) continued to meet regulatory
          requirements and maintained a sufficient safety margin.

          6. Operational risks

          Operational risk refers to risk on losses to the Company caused by inadequate or problematic internal
          procedures, personnel, information technology systems and external events.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continuously improved the operational risk management system,
          amended and refined the management rules of the three major tools, organized several rounds of thematic
          sharing and exchanges, strengthened the promotion and implementation of operational risk management
          concepts and work requirements, and promoted and ensured the implementation of internal and external
          regulations within the Company; strengthened collaborative management of operational risks and internal
          information sharing, further deepened the guarantee of multi-source discovery of risk information, promoted
          collaborative management in various functional management fields, and enhanced the efficiency of
          risk response; implemented and optimized the performance evaluation mechanism for operational risk
          management, and promoted frontline departments to enhance their proactive performance capabilities
          in operational risk management; conducted in-depth special reviews in multiple key areas, prompted
          relevant units to optimize control measures, horizontally focused on common risk points and control
          measures to form standardized and guiding practical operation guidance; sorted out monitoring rules for
          critical processes of key business in a scenario-based manner, enhanced the ability to proactively identify
          operational risks, and encouraged relevant units to enhance the timeliness and accuracy of process
          connection and execution; and continuously optimized the construction of system platform, integrated
          various management capabilities and data of operational risks, and enhanced the closed-loop control
          ability of operational risks.

          7. Compliance risk

          Compliance risk refers to exposure to property loss or business reputation loss as a result of bearing legal
          responsibility, supervisory measures or disciplinary sanctions imposed on the Company due to violation of
          laws, regulations and standards by operational management or professional conduct performed by the
          Company or employees.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company thoroughly implemented the new guideline on strengthening
          regulation, forestalling risks and promoting the high-quality development of the capital market ( 新 “ 國
          九條 ”) and the “1+N” policy requirements on the capital market, continuously optimized the compliance
          management system from mechanism, concept, method and other dimensions, and developed a core
          competitive advantage in compliance. During the Reporting Period, the Company mobilized compliance
          forces to comprehensively empower the transformation of wealth management, and fully ensured the
          smooth launch of the “AI ZhangLe” APP, effectively improving the comprehensive quality of trading services;
          and deepened cross-border integrated compliance collaboration, and consolidated the compliance
          bottom line for international business; adhered to technology leadership and core independent research
          and development, and strengthened the construction of digital compliance capabilities; established a long-
          term control mechanism for clean business practices and continuously enhanced the legal awareness of
          all employees; and maintained a positive interaction with regulators, took the lead in handling compliance




092
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
risk events, proactively resolved conflicts and disputes, and safeguarded the legitimate rights and interests
of the Company and investors.

8. Money laundering risk

Money laundering risk refers to the risk from the utilization of the Company’s products or services by
criminals to engage in money laundering activities, terrorist financing and other activities, which lead to
negative effects on the Company in terms of operation, reputation, compliance and other aspects.

During the Reporting Period, the Company adhered to the principle of “risk-based”, fully implemented the
new Anti-Money Laundering Law and other laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, continuously

                                                                                                                           About Us
optimized the working mechanisms such as customer due diligence, suspicious transaction monitoring
and list monitoring, constantly improved the anti-money laundering work processes, monitoring indicator
systems and control measures, consolidated the foundation of anti-money laundering work, and effectively
enhanced the digitalization level of anti-money laundering work.

9. Information technology risk

Information technology risk refers to exposure to losses caused by the failure of the network and information
system to ensure the stable, efficient and safe operation of transaction and business management in terms


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
of business realization, timely response, solving capacity and network and data security, resulting from
service capability abnormality or data damage and leakage out of internal or external reasons.



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
The Company has attached great importance to the control of information technology risk, actively built
an information technology risk prevention and control system, and established and continuously improved
the information technology risk management system and mechanism. During the Reporting Period, by
continuously strengthening risk prevention and control in key areas, conducting in-depth hidden danger
investigation and rectification, constantly improving the monitoring and early warning system, and steadily
promoting the publicity of risk culture, the Company’s information technology risk management capabilities
and effectiveness have been further enhanced. The Company has fully implemented the responsibility
system for cybersecurity work and established a multi-dimensional security system covering technical




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
support, emergency management and other aspects; and formulated and continuously optimized the
emergency management system for cybersecurity incidents and the emergency response plan for
information system emergencies, and regularly organized practical drills to ensure that the Company
can respond promptly and effectively to all kinds of emergencies. During the Reporting Period, the
Company’s information system operated smoothly, providing a solid and reliable guarantee for the smooth
development of all business operations.

10. Reputational risk

Reputational risk refers to the risk of negative publicity from investors, issuers, regulators, self-regulatory
organizations, the public and the media on the Company due to its actions or external events and violations



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
of integrity regulations, professional ethics, business norms and conventions by its staff, thereby damaging
its brand value, disadvantaging its normal operation, and even affecting the market stability and social
stability.




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
During the Reporting Period, the Company’s reputational risk management mechanism was running
steadily without the occurrence of any significant reputational risk events. Focusing on its strategy and key
business, the Company continued to intensify its precaution, monitoring and handling reputational risks,
which created a good public sentiment for the Company’s development. At the same time, the Company
continued to strengthen group management, prior management and fast response mechanisms, further
enhancing the awareness of reputational risk prevention and the ability to response to reputational risk.

11. Model risk

Model risk refers to the risk of adverse consequences or loss to the Company’s business resulting from
incorrect or inappropriate model design, development or use.




                                                                                                                  093
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the operation of all types of models of the Company was stable, and no major
          model risk events occurred. In terms of model validation and assessment, the verification and correction
          processes for models in multiple key areas such as valuation pricing and risk management, as well as
          large-scale asset allocation, have been completed; in terms of model risk management measures, the
          Company continuously optimized each link of the model validation and assessment process, and improved
          the control mechanism at key nodes; and iteratively upgraded the model information management
          platform to enhance management efficiency and transparency.

          12. Implementation of overall risk management of the Company during the Reporting Period

          The Company attached great importance to overall risk management. Adhering to the risk management
          culture of “moving forward with steady progress”, and with controlling risks, improving quality and efficiency
          and promoting development as the targets of risk management, the Company insisted on the core risk
          management idea with “high engagement, full coverage and deep penetration”, followed the principles
          of full coverage, forward-looking, all-round, effectiveness and matching, continuously upgraded the
          integrated risk management system both domestically and internationally, constantly consolidated
          the risk management capabilities that are in line with the business development, enhanced the core
          competitiveness of risk management, and provided a solid guarantee for the high-quality development of
          business.

          For the full coverage of risks, the comprehensive risk management of the Company covers all business
          and management activities, all departments, branches, subsidiaries and all personnel, all types of risks
          and mutual influence among different risks, as well as the entire management process including decision-
          making, execution, supervision and feedback. The Company raised clear requirements to subsidiaries on
          the construction of the risk management system, the management of risk appetite and risk indicators, the
          management of new business, the management of major risk matters, risk reporting and assessment and
          evaluation, etc. All risk management departments of the Company fulfilled the management responsibility
          on market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and information technology risk
          through in-depth linkage, close collaboration and mutual connection, and conducted risk identification,
          prudent assessment, dynamic monitoring, and timely reporting and response for all risks and businesses
          before, during and after each operation.

          For the surveillance of risks, the Company continued to improve the promptness and accurate presentation
          of risk surveillance and analysis. The Company deeply integrated risk management into its business
          strategies, continued to deepen the multi-dimensional and multi-layered risk limitation system with top-
          to-bottom breakdown and bottom-to-top summarization, constantly optimized and improved the system
          based on the implementation situation and changes in internal and external factors, and achieved
          accurate calculation, dynamic monitoring and timely alarming on risk indicators through platformization to
          speed up in realizing integrated and real-time risk monitoring in the Group. The Company has established a
          daily market monitoring mechanism and issues early warnings when the risk limit is exceeded based on the
          results of risk monitoring in a timely manner.

          For the measurement of risks, the Company has developed risk measurement methods and models for
          various risk types such as market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk, continuously optimized and iterated
          valuation and measurement models, built a quantitative technology capability foundation, continuously
          improved the model risk management system. The Company has established a validity verification,
          evaluation and backtesting mechanism for financial instrument valuation and risk measurement models. By
          adjusting and improving the models, the Company has enhanced the rationality and reliability of valuation
          and risk measurement results to build core technical competitiveness of risk measurement.

          For the analysis of risks, the Company established and improved a multi-level risk reporting system, and
          further strengthened the depth, breadth and value contribution of risk analysis, so as to ensure the timely
          and effective transfer of risk information among various levels and departments. The Company guaranteed
          investment in pressure tests, continued to improve the establishment of the pressure test system and
          systematic functions, enriched pressure test factors and scenario library, optimized analysis function,
          integrated and consolidated the bottom capability on pressure test, and strengthened the analysis and




094
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
application of stress test results. The Company continuously and deeply supervised the monitoring, analysis
and response of capital indicators. By upgrading and iterating the functions of the capital monitoring
system, the Company enhanced the accuracy and timeliness of risk control indicator monitoring, and
strengthened the forward-looking management of factors affecting the indicators.

For risk response, the Company has, based on risk monitoring and analysis results, formulated response
strategies including risk avoidance, reduction, transfer and tolerance matched with different risk appetites
and established reasonable and effective response mechanisms on asset impairment, risk hedging, capital
supplement, scale adjustment, asset and liability management. At the same time, the Company developed
practical response mechanisms and schemes for unexpected events and emergencies such as liquidity


                                                                                                                                 About Us
crises, information system accidents, major reputation incidents and significant operational risk events,
and continuously improved them through regular exercises to enhance the capability of the Company
on preventing, reacting and resolving risks. The Company continued to consolidate the systematic
implementation of front-end control and achieve process-based rules and platform-based processes to
practically prevent risks. When risk indicators of each business unit of the Company exceed the limit, it shall
respond effectively in accordance with the regulations and report in a timely manner.

The Company provided sufficient support and protection for its comprehensive risk management in
aspects of cultivating a culture, developing policies, increasing investment, improving the system and



                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
recruiting talents. The Company promoted the risk management culture of “moving forward with steady
progress”, established training, communication and supervision mechanisms, and regularly organized risk
management publicity activities to facilitate the formation of risk management concepts, value standards


                                                                                                                               and Strategies
and professional ethics that are in line with the Company’s development strategy; promoted the operation
of a regular, three-dimensional and all-round risk management training system, and fully leveraged
various internal channels and platforms to disseminate the risk management culture to all employees;
and strengthened the performance appraisal and accountability mechanism linked to effectiveness of
risk management, encouraged employees to integrate the idea of proactive risk management into their
daily work and put it into practice. The Company continuously improved the risk management policies
and system, which is led by the Basic System for Risk Management, connected by management guidelines




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
for specialized risk types such as market risk, credit risk, operational risk, model risk, liquidity risk, reputation
risk and information technology risk, and implemented by risk management systems for each business
line, and amended and improved relevant systems according to regulatory requirements and in light
of the actual internal management, covering all aspects of the risk management process, including risk
identification, measurement, monitoring, response and reporting, as well as key areas such as new business
risk assessment, stress testing and authorization management. The Company attaches great importance
to risk management, provides sufficient resource investment support and guarantee for risk management,
and formulates a comprehensive budget for risk management on an annual basis, which can meet the
daily risk management needs of the Company. Among them, the special budget for the risk management
information technology system is formulated separately and listed. In recent years, the Company has
continuously ensured fund investment for the planning and upgrading of the risk management platform




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
and the introduction of mature risk management talents based on the actual needs of risk management.
The Company continuously built a group-integrated risk management system platform to a high
standard, created a core foundation of “data + measurement”, presented corresponding risk information




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
from dimensions such as risk types, business lines and business units, transformed the platformization
achievements into risk management application capabilities, and promoted the quality improvement,
efficiency enhancement and value leap of risk management through platformization. The Company
consistently ensured investment in human resources for risk management, moderately supplemented the
professional team for risk management, and integrated and optimized the staffing of the risk management
team. The number of the risk management department personnel continuously meets regulatory
requirements, providing strong support for comprehensive risk management.




                                                                                                                        095
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          13. Investment of the Company in                   The investment of the Company in compliance risk
                                                             control
          compliance risk control during the                                                                     Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Reporting Period
                                                             80,000                                            75,711.59

          The Company’s investments in compliance                                                                           67,007.28 68,533.97 67,153.87
                                                                                                  64,815.59
          risk control mainly include: investment in                      CAGR
                                                             60,000
                                                                          +9.61%
          compliance risk control personnel, daily                                   45,200.28
          operating costs of compliance risk control and                38,731.34
                                                             40,000
          investment in the construction of compliance
          risk control related systems. In 2025, on a
          parent company basis, the total investment         20,000

          in compliance risk control of the Company
          amounted to RMB671.5387 million.                        0
                                                                          2019         2020         2021         2022         2023         2024         2025

                                                                       The amount of total investment
                                                             Source: Regular reports of the Company




          14. Investment of the Company in                  The investment of the Company in IT
          information technology during the                                                                     Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Reporting Period                                  300,000
                                                                                                               272,407.95                             267,861.29
                                                                                                                            257,797.42
                                                                                                                                         244,793.27
          The Company’s investments in information          250,000
                                                                          CAGR                    222,756.04
          technology mainly include: IT capital                           +11.10%
                                                            200,000
          expenditure, daily expenses for operation and                              176,478.19

          maintenance of IT, leasing and depreciation       150,000
                                                                        142,460.61

          cost of computer rooms, circuit leasing cost
          and remuneration of IT personnel. In 2025, on     100,000

          Parent Company basis, the total investment
                                                             50,000
          in information technology of the Company
          amounted to RMB2,678.6129 million.                      0
                                                                          2019        2020         2021         2022         2023         2024         2025

                                                                      The amount of total investment
                                                            Source: Regular reports of the Company




          (VI) Establishment of the Monitoring and Complementary Mechanism of the
          Company’s Dynamic Risk Control Indicators

          1. Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the dynamic risk
          control indicators

          The dynamic risk control index monitoring and replenishment mechanism is one of the important measures
          for the Company to control risks. During the Reporting Period, with full data, complete functions and normal
          operation, the dynamic monitoring system for risk control indicators of the Company can effectively
          support the monitoring on the net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators of the Company. The
          Company continuously improved the dynamic monitoring mechanism for risk control indicators mainly
          based on net capital and liquidity and assigned full-time operators to conduct daily monitoring and pr-
          ewarning responses. With stricter corporate monitoring standards as the monitoring threshold based on
          the regulatory standards and pre-warning standards for risk control indicators specified by the CSRC, the
          Company launched a corresponding reporting route and response plan according to different pre-warning
          level and ensured that the net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators always comply with the
          regulatory requirements. The Company constantly optimized the function of the net capital and liquidity
          dynamic monitoring system to ensure that the dynamic monitoring system can effectively support the
          monitoring of the Company’s net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators.




096
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The Company has established an efficient and flexible net capital replenishment and liquidity guarantee
mechanism. The Company’s replenishment channels of net capital include but are not limited to capital
fund raising for increase in capital and share, issuance of subordinated bonds and perpetual subordinated
bonds, and reduction or suspension of profit distribution, etc. The Company’s replenishment channels of
liquidity include but are not limited to external financing (interbank borrowing, bond repurchase, corporate
bonds, short-term corporate bonds, subordinated bonds, short-term financing bills, structured notes, funds
borrowed through securities lending and borrowing, etc.), realization of part of the liquid reserve, control or
adjustment of business scale, etc.

2. Conditions of risk control indicators triggering the pre-warning criteria or not conforming to

                                                                                                                           About Us
the required standards, and corrective measures adopted and rectification effects during the
Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted prospective estimation or pressure tests of risk
control indicators for profit distribution, guarantee provision to subsidiaries, engagement in new businesses
and other major events. The above-mentioned matters were implemented under the condition that the
analysis and test results meet the regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period, the main risk
control indicators of the Company were all in line with the regulatory requirements, and there were no
such circumstances where the risk control indicators violated the pre-warning standards or were not in

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
compliance with the standards provided.



IV. THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES IN THE COMPANY’S FAILURE TO                                                              and Strategies
MAKE DISCLOSURE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STANDARDS DUE TO
THE INAPPLICABILITY OF THE STANDARDS REQUIREMENTS OR SPECIAL
REASONS INCLUDING NATIONAL SECRETS AND TRADE SECRETS




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
V. OTHER DISCLOSURES

(I) Share Capital

For the Company’s share capital for the year ended December 31, 2025, and the details of changes therein,
please refer to “Changes in Shares and Shareholders” in this report.

(II) Arrangement of Pre-emptive Rights

According to the provisions of the PRC laws and the Articles of Association, none of the shareholders of the



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Company has any pre-emptive rights.

(III) Cancellation of A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
On June 20, 2025, the 2024 Annual General Meeting, the 2025 First A Share Class Meeting and the 2025
First H Share Class Meeting of the Company considered and approved the Resolution on Repurchase
and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of the Company, pursuant to which the Company
was approved to repurchase and cancel part or all of the restricted A Shares granted to 143 persons but
subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment of condition of individual performance by incentive
participants, release of employment with the Company and other circumstances, 438,495 shares in total.
During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 438,495 restricted
A Shares, completed the industrial and commercial registration modification for reduction in registered
capital, and obtained the renewed business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial Market Regulation
Administration. Upon the cancellation, the registered capital of the Company was RMB9,026,863,786, and the
share capital structure of the Company changed to: 7,307,818,106 A Shares, representing 80.96% of the total




                                                                                                                  097
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          share capital; 1,719,045,680 H Shares, representing 19.04% of the total share capital.

          (IV) Sufficient Public Float

          As at the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report, based on the information available
          to the public and as far as the Directors are aware of, the Directors believe that the Company’s public float
          satisfies the requirements for minimum public float under Rule 19A.28B(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

          (V) Directors’ Interests in Competing Business with the Company

          None of the Directors of the Company has any interest in the business that competes or is likely to compete,
          either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Company.

          (VI) Service Contracts of Directors

          None of the Directors of the Company has entered into any service contract with the Company or its
          subsidiaries which shall be compensated (except for statutory compensation) upon termination within one
          year.

          (VII) Directors’ Interests in Material Contracts, Transactions or Arrangements

          During the Reporting Period, the Directors of the Company or entities that are connected to them did not
          have material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any material contract, transaction or arrangement
          entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.

          (VIII) Permitted Indemnity Provision-liability Insurance for Directors and Senior
          Management

          As authorized in 2014 annual general meeting, the Company has provided liability insurance for Directors,
          senior management, and other relevant competent persons. Appropriate insurance coverage has been
          arranged for Directors and senior management of the Company against potential legal actions and
          liabilities that arise from performing their duties to reasonably avoid management and legal risks faced
          by Directors and senior management of the Company and to promote the full discharge of duties by the
          Directors and senior management of the Company.

          (IX) Profile of Directors and Senior Management

          For profiles of Directors and senior management of the Company, please refer to “Primary work experience”
          of “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned Directors and senior
          management during the Reporting Period” under “Directors and Senior Management” in the section headed
          “Corporate Governance, Environment and Society” in this report.

          (X) Remuneration Policy

          For the remuneration and share incentive scheme of Directors and senior management of the Company,
          please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned Directors
          and senior management during the Reporting Period” and “Remuneration of the Directors and Senior
          Management” under “Directors and Senior Management” in the section headed “Corporate Governance,
          Environment and Society” in this report.

          (XI) Share Option Scheme

          The Company did not establish any share option scheme.

          (XII) Major Customers and Suppliers

          The Group provides services to a wide range of institutional and individual clients across various sectors. The




098
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Group’s clients range from public customers, wealth clients, high-net-worth individuals, institutional clients
to corporate clients, who are primarily located in China. The successful listing in Hong Kong and London and
smooth implementation of its deployment strategies in the international market will facilitate the Group in
carrying out its overseas operations, exploring customer resources and boosting for further development of
the Group’s businesses. In 2025, the revenue attributable to the five largest clients of the Group accounted
for less than 30% of the total operating revenue of the Group.

The Group has no major supplier due to the nature of its business.

(XIII) Relationship with Employees, Customers, Suppliers and Persons with
Important Relationships
                                                                                                                          About Us
For details of the employees’ remuneration and training plans of the Company, please refer to “Remuneration
policy” and “Training programs” under “Information about the Staff of the Parent Company and Major
Subsidiaries as at the end of the Reporting Period” in the section headed “Corporate Governance,
Environment and Society” in this report. For the relationship between the Company and its major customers
and suppliers, please refer to “Major customers and suppliers” under “Other Disclosures” in the section
headed “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” in this report.




                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
(XIV) Business Review

For analysis of business using key financial performance indicators, please refer to “Summary of the Results”


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
in this report.

(XV) Corporate Governance

For the corporate governance condition of the Company, please refer to “Corporate Governance,
Environment and Society” in this report.

(XVI) Tax Relief




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
1. Shareholders of A Shares

According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy
for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關 於 上 市 公 司 股 息 紅 利 差 別 化 個 人
所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2015] 101 號 )) and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of
Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012] No.
85) (《關於實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2012] 85 號 )) jointly issued by the
Ministry of Finance, State Taxation Administration and the CSRC, for individual shareholders of the Company,
if the term of shareholding (a period from the date when the individual acquires the listed shares on public
offering and transferring markets to the date one day before the shares are transferred and settled) is



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
within one month (inclusive), all the dividend and bonus incomes thereof are counted as taxable income
at the effective tax rate of 20%; if the term of shareholding is between one month and one year (inclusive),
temporarily, 50% of the dividend and bonus incomes are counted as taxable income at the effective tax




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
rate of 10%; if the term of shareholding exceeds one year, temporarily, the dividend and bonus incomes are
exempted from individual income taxes. When dividends and bonus incomes are distributed by a listed
company, such company, temporarily, shall not withhold or pay any individual income taxes on behalf of
the individuals whose term of shareholding is within one year (inclusive); instead, the taxable incomes shall
be calculated by a securities registration and settlement company based on the term of shareholding
when the individual transfers those shares and the Company shall withhold and pay the taxes through the
securities registration and settlement company. For dividend and bonus incomes obtained by securities
investment funds from listed companies, the individual income taxes thereof are calculated and levied
pursuant to the provisions in the document of Cai Shui [2012] No. 85.

For QFII, according to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Withholding and Payment of
Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the




                                                                                                                 099
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          QFII (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47) (《關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問
          題的通知》（國稅函 [2009]47 號 )) issued by the State Taxation Administration, the listed company withholds
          and pays corporate income taxes at a uniform tax rate of 10%. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained
          by QFII shareholders are entitled to the treatment as stipulated in tax treaties (arrangements), application
          for tax refund can be submitted to the governing tax authority after the acquisition of such dividends and
          bonuses according to regulations.

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
          Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014] 81 號 ))
          issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Taxation Administration and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus
          incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) on Hong Kong market from investing
          in A Shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the implementation of differentiated taxation is suspended
          before Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited meets the conditions to provide CSDC with the
          investors’ identifications, terms of shareholding and other specific data. The listed company withholds
          and pays the income taxes at the tax rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the governing taxation
          authority. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered a tax treaty
          with the PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the enterprises or
          individuals can, by themselves or entrust a withholding agent to apply to the governing tax authorities of
          the listed company for the treatment as stipulated in such tax treaties. The governing tax authorities should
          refund the taxes according to the discrepancy between the levied taxes and taxes payable based on the
          rate specified in the tax treaty after verifying and approving the application.

          For the qualified investors who invest in the GDR issued by the Company on London Stock Exchange and
          comply with the relevant domestic and foreign regulatory rules (GDR Investors), according to the Enterprise
          Income Tax Law of the People's Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 企 業 所 得 稅 法 》) and other relevant
          tax regulations, the Company shall withhold and pay income taxes at a tax rate of 10%. Citibank, National
          Association, as the nominal holders of domestic basic A Shares corresponding to GDR, receive the cash
          dividends distributed by the Company. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained by GDR Investors
          are entitled to the treatment as stipulated in relevant tax treaties (arrangements), applications can be
          submitted to the governing tax authority according to regulations.

          For other institutional investors, the taxes on their dividends and bonus incomes shall be paid on their own.

          2. Shareholders of H Shares

          According to the provisions in the Notice by the State Taxation Administration Issues Regarding the
          Administration of Individual Income Tax Collection after the Annulment of Document Guo Shui Fa [1993] No.
          045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發 [1993] 045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題
          的 通 知 》( 國 稅 函 [2011] 348 號 )), for the dividend and bonus incomes acquired by individual shareholders
          as overseas residents from the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-foreign investment
          enterprises, the withholding agent shall legally withhold and pay the individual income taxes according
          to item “interest, dividend and bonus income”. For the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-
          foreign investment enterprises, the individual shareholders as overseas residents can enjoy relevant tax
          preferences according to the provisions in the tax treaty signed by the country to which the resident identity
          belongs and the PRC and in the tax arrangements between Mainland China and Hong Kong (Macao).
          According to relevant tax treaties and tax arrangements, the tax rates for dividends are normally 10%. To
          simplify administration of tax collection, when the domestic non-foreign investment enterprises issuing
          shares in Hong Kong distribute dividends and bonuses, the individual income taxes are generally withheld
          at the tax rate of 10% without application. If the dividend tax rate is not 10%, individual income taxes shall be
          withheld as per the following provisions: (1) for residents subject to tax rate below 10% pursuant to relevant
          treaties, the withholding agent can apply related treatment under such treaties on behalf of the residents
          and the governing tax authority will refund the additional tax payments after approving the application;
          (2) for residents subject to tax rate over 10% but lower than 20% pursuant to relevant treaties, when the
          withholding agent distributes dividend and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at
          the actual tax rate specified in the treaties and application for approval is not necessary; (3) for residents
          from the country which did not enter into any tax treaty with the PRC and other situations, when the




100
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
withholding agent distributes dividend and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at
the tax rate of 20%.

According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues regarding Withholding of Enterprise Income Taxes when
PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends to Overseas Non-resident Enterprise shareholders of H Shares
(Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《關於中國居民企業向境外 H 股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有
關 問題的通知》( 國稅函 [2008] 897 號 )) issued by the State Taxation Administration, when Chinese resident
enterprises distribute annual dividends to overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders of H Shares for
2008 and subsequent years, the corporate income tax shall be withheld and paid at the uniform tax rate of
10%.


                                                                                                                       About Us
According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014] 81
號 )) and the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs (Cai Shui
[2016] No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2016] 127 號 )) issued by
the Ministry of Finance, State Taxation Administration and the CSRC, for dividends and bonuses acquired by
Mainland individual investors by investing in listed H Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-
Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall withhold
the individual income tax at a tax rate of 20%. For dividends and bonuses acquired from Mainland securities



                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
investment funds by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong
Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the individual income tax shall be levied as per
above regulations. For dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland enterprise investors by investing in


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong
Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall not withhold any income taxes on the dividends and
bonuses, and such income tax shall be declared and paid by the enterprises on their own. Meanwhile, for
the dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland resident enterprises for continuous holding of H Shares for
12 months, the corporate income tax shall be exempted according to laws.

According to the current practices of Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax shall be levied for
dividends distributed by the Company in Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
The shareholders of the Company shall pay relevant taxes and/or be entitled to tax reliefs according to the
above provisions.

(XVII) Environmental Policies and Performance of the Company

For the environmental policies and performance of the Company, please refer to “Corporate Governance,
Environment and Society” in this report.

(XVIII) Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations

As a public company listed at home and abroad, the Company abides, in a strict manner, by the



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
requirements of the laws, regulations and normative documents of domestic and foreign places where
the Company is listed including the Company Law, Securities Law, Regulation on the Supervision and
Administration of Securities Companies, Rules for Governance of Securities Companies, Code of Corporate



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
Governance for Listed Companies in China, Corporate Governance Code in Appendix C1 of Hong Kong
Listing Rules and the Articles of Association. The Company established and perfected its rules and
regulations to standardize the operation of the Company, and devoted itself to maintaining and improving
its sound market image. Please refer to “Suspected Violations of Laws and Regulations by, Punishment on
and Rectification of the Company and its Directors, Senior Management, Controlling Shareholders and
de facto Controllers” in the section headed “Major Events” in this report for the punishment and public
denouncement received by the Company during the Reporting Period.

(XIX) Reserves and Distributable Reserves

For changes in reserves and distributable reserves, please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Equity” and “55. Share capital, reserves and retained profits” of “Notes to the Consolidated Financial




                                                                                                              101
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Statements” under the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements” in this report.

          (XX) Property and Equipment and Investment Properties

          For changes in properties and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the year, please
          refer to “20. Property and equipment” and “21. Investment properties” of “Notes to the Consolidated Financial
          Statements” under the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements” in this report.
          As at December 31, 2025, the Group did not own any investment properties or properties for development
          and/or for sale with one or more ratio (as defined in the Rule 14.04(9) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) over 5%.

          (XXI) Management Contract

          No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
          business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2025.

          (XXII) Donations

          The Company actively performed its social responsibilities in 2025 by investing RMB29,348,572.23 (2024:
          RMB28,513,903.93) in public activities including public service advertising and charitable contribution.

          (XXIII) Five-year Financial Highlight

          For the highlight of operating results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five financial years, please
          refer to “Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years” under “Key Accounting Data
          and Financial Indicators” in the section headed “Summary of the Results” in this report. This summary does
          not constitute a part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

          (XXIV) Auditors

          1. Upon approval by the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting held on June 30, 2023, the Company
          employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
          Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2023 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
          A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche
          Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit
          service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.40 million). In
          2023, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit
          report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
          Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
          prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified
          public accountant Eric Tong signed the report.

          2. Upon approval by the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting held on June 20, 2024, the Company
          employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
          Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2024 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
          A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche
          Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit
          service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.40 million). In
          2024, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit
          report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
          Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
          prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified
          public accountant Chu Wai Chung signed the report.

          3. Upon approval by the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting held on June 20, 2025, the Company




102
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2025 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit
service fee was capped at RMB4.98 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.40 million). In
2025, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit
report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified

                                                                                                                          About Us
public accountant Chu Wai Chung signed the report.

4. Upon approval by the Company’s third meeting of the seventh session of the Board of Directors held on
March 30, 2026, the Company proposed to employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2026 annual financial
statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit
report; and employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to
issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB5.58 million (of which the internal control
audit fee was RMB0.40 million). This issue is yet to be approved at the 2025 Annual General Meeting of the


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Company.

There have been no changes in the auditor of the Company in any of the past three years.

(XXV) Review of Annual Results                                                                                          and Strategies

This annual financial report has been audited. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors has
reviewed the Company’s audited annual financial statement and annual report as of December 31, 2025,
and did not raise any objections to the accounting policy and convention adopted by the Company.

(XXVI) Publication of the Annual Report




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
This annual report will be released on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and the HKEXnews website
of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk).

The 2025 annual report of the Company which contains all the information required by the Hong Kong
Listing Rules will be published on the HKEXnews website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk)
and the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn), and will be dispatched to the shareholders of H Shares of
the Company by the means of receipt of communications they selected.



                                                                                        By order of the Board




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                                                                               Wang Huiqing

                                                                                                   Chairman




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                                                              March 30, 2026




                                                                                                                 103
3   Corporate
    Governance
106   Corporate Governance, Environment and Society

196   Major Events

214   Changes in Shares and Shareholders

234   Bonds
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE,
          ENVIRONMENT AND SOCIETY




          I. DESCRIPTION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          As a public company listed in both domestic and overseas markets, the Company has been operating
          business in a standard manner and in strict compliance with the requirements set forth in the laws,
          regulations and normative documents of the PRC and the overseas jurisdiction where the shares of the
          Company are listed, and has made continuous efforts to maintain and enhance the good image of the
          Company in the market. The Company keeps improving its corporate governance structure, compliance
          risk control and internal control system strictly according to the requirements under the Company Law,
          the Securities Law, the Regulations on Supervision and Management of Securities Companies, the Rules
          for Governance of Securities Companies, the Rules for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies, the
          Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant
          laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, and in line with the goal of establishing a modern
          corporate system, thereby forming a corporate governance mechanism with statutory and transparent
          rights and responsibilities, coordinated operation and effective checks and balances, and ensuring the
          stable operation and standardized operation of the Company.

          (I) Corporate Governance

          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted its operations and management in a standard
          and orderly manner. Various rules and regulations have been formulated and continuously refined in
          strict compliance with the requirements of laws, regulations and normative documents to regulate
          the Company’s operations. During the Reporting Period, in accordance with relevant requirements of
          the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Directors,
          Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners of Securities Fund Operating Institutions issued
          by the CSRC, the Measures for the Administration of Independent Directors of Listed Companies, the Rules
          for Governance of Securities Companies, the Rules for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies, the
          Guidelines for the Articles of Association of Listed Companies, the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on
          the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Implementation Rules on Integrity Practices
          of the Securities and Futures Agencies and Their Employees issued by the Securities Association of China,
          the Code of Integrity of the Securities Industry, the Regulation on Comprehensive Risk Management of
          Securities Companies, as well as other relevant laws, regulations and normative documents, and in light
          of repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares under the equity incentive scheme of the
          Company, the Company amended and improved the Articles of Association; in accordance with relevant




106
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
laws, regulations, normative documents and the Articles of Association, and in light of the actual situation
of the Company, the Company amended and improved the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings
and the Rules of Procedures for the Board of Directors, and has abolished the Rules of Procedures for
the Supervisory Committee. These amendments to the rules or the abolition have been considered and
approved by the general meeting of the Company. Meanwhile, the Company simultaneously amended
and improved the Terms of Reference of Special Committees of the Board; to strengthen the Company’s
market value management, effectively promote the enhancement of the Company’s investment value,
increase investor returns, and safeguard investor interests, the Company has accordingly formulated the
Market Value Management System. The amendments or formulation of these systems have been approved
by the Board of the Company. In addition, during the Reporting Period, as considered and approved by the

                                                                                                                         About Us
Board and the general meeting of the Company, the Company made adjustments to the composition of
the sixth session of the Board and the special committees thereof to fully leverage on professional strengths
and improve decision-making efficiency and level; subsequent to the Reporting Period, as considered and
approved by the Board and the general meeting of the Company, and based on the election results of the
congress of workers and staff of the Company, the Company has established the seventh session of the
Board of Directors. Through the establishment and improvement as well as the full implementation of the
above systems, the Company’s governance structure and level have been continuously standardized and
improved.



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
The convening, holding and voting procedures of the general meeting, the Board and its special
committees of the Company were standard, legal and valid, and the Company disclosed truthful and


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
accurate information in a complete, timely and fair manner. The Company carried out investor relationship
management in a standard and professional manner, and carried out inside information management
and registration of insiders in strict compliance with the requirements of the System regarding Insider
Registration and Management and Confidentiality of the Company and other relevant rules. The Company
adhered to the principle of scientificity, standardization and transparency when practicing corporate
governance. During the Reporting Period, the Company was rated with the highest rating of A in the 2024-
2025 Information Disclosure Evaluation on Listed Companies organized by the SSE; was honored as the
Best Practice Case in the 2025 Best Practice Case Collections for Board of Directors of Public Companies




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
organized by China Association for Public Companies, the Best Practice Case in the 2025 Best Practice Case
Collections for Board Office of Public Companies organized by China Association for Public Companies, and
the Best Practice Case in the 2025 Best Practice Case Collections for Sustainable Development of Public
Companies organized by China Association for Public Companies, and was also included in the 2025 Cash
Dividend List of Listed Companies released by China Association for Public Companies. Meanwhile, the
secretary of the Board of the Company was rated as 5A in the 2025 Performance Evaluation of the Secretary
to the Board of Directors of Listed Companies organized by China Association for Public Companies. In
addition, with its remarkable ESG governance practice, in 2025, the annual MSCI ESG rating of the Company
remained at AAA, maintaining the top position among global investment banks for two consecutive years.

1. Shareholders and the General Meeting



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
The general meeting of the Company is composed of all shareholders, and the general meeting is the
power organ of the Company. The Company convenes and holds general meetings in strict accordance




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
with the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings
to ensure the equal status of all shareholders, in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them
to exercise their rights completely. The largest shareholder and the de facto controller of the Company
exercised their rights in accordance with the laws, regulations and the Articles of Association, and neither
directly nor indirectly intervened in the decisions and operations of the Company beyond the general
meeting nor appropriated any fund of the Company or requested the Company to provide any external
guarantee. The Company was completely independent from its largest shareholder and de facto controller
in terms of staff, assets, finance, organization and business.

2. Directors and the Board

The election and change of Directors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The number




                                                                                                                107
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          and composition of the Board conformed to the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations.
          The Board of the Company has continuously improved its rules of procedures. The convening, holding
          and voting procedures of the Board meetings were legal and valid. The Company has established the
          Working System for Independent Directors, and all the independent Directors have independently and
          objectively protected the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders, and played
          a role of check and balance in the decision-making process of the Board. The Board has the following
          mechanism in place to ensure independent views and input from Directors are conveyed to the Board.
          Meanwhile, the Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of this mechanism every year: the
          Board of the Company includes 5 independent non-executive Directors, representing more than 1/3 of
          the total number of the Board members. Each year, all independent Directors of the Company submit an
          annual performance report to the Board and the general meeting for consideration, and disclose relevant
          information on their positions in other listed companies or organizations in the annual report. The Company
          has established special committees under the Board that are responsible to the Board and submit the
          voting results of the meetings to the Board, among which the majority members of the Audit Committee
          and the Nomination Committee are independent Directors who host the posts of chairman. All members
          of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are independent Directors. The Nomination Committee
          is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board each year, reviewing and
          making recommendations on the qualifications of Directors and senior management, and reviewing the
          independence of independent non-executive Directors and other matters.

          The Company ensures that independent Directors have the right to information equivalent to that of
          other Directors and are provided with the necessary working conditions to perform their duties, and for
          matters that need to be decided by the Board, the Company shall notify independent Directors in advance
          pursuant to statutory limit of time and provide true, accurate and sufficient information at the same time.
          If independent Directors consider that the information is insufficient, they may request the Company to
          supplement.

          All Directors of the Company are able to perform their duties with due diligence in accordance with the
          relevant regulations to safeguard the interests of the Company and all shareholders.

          There is no financial, business, family or other significant/related relationship between the Directors and
          senior management of the Company.

          The Company believes that the increasing diversity of the Board is one of the key factors that help support
          its strategic objectives and maintain sustainable development. Therefore, the Company has, when
          determining the composition of the Board, adopted the following measures to maintain or enhance its
          balance and diversity:

          (1) consider the diversity of Board members in several aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
          cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and popularity in service.
          The determination of the members should be based on the value of the candidates and the contribution
          that they could make to the Board. All nominations of the Board should be in the principle of “merit-based”.
          When the candidates are selected, the benefits from the diversity of Board members should be taken into
          full consideration according to their objective conditions.

          (2) the Nomination Committee will report annually on the diversified composition of the Board in the annual
          report, inspect the implementation of the abovementioned policy on diversification of Board members and
          review such policy every year so as to ensure its effectiveness.

          In 2022, the Company established the sixth session of the Board of Directors, and established the seventh
          session of the Board of Directors after the Reporting Period. The Board has diversified composition and
          complementary advantages.




108
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board of the Company is as follows:

By age group     2 persons           4 persons                         5 persons                2 person
            Aged 50 and below       aged 51-55                        aged 56-60              aged over 60

By category      3 persons                     5 persons                             5 persons
of Directors Executive Directors       non-executive Directors         independent non-executive Directors

By gender      1 person                                          12 persons
            Female Director                                   male Directors



                                                                                                                         About Us
Professional background: Finance, economics, accounting, laws, business administration, public
administration, enterprise management, industrial economics, computer communication, social sciences,
etc.


The Board considers that the current composition of the Board during the Reporting Period is diversified
regarding skills, gender, experience and knowledge. However, after the resignation of Ms. Yin Lihong, an
executive Director of the Company, on March 14, 2025, the Company has identified the suitable candidate to
serve as the Director pursuant to relevant requirements, and re-met the requirement under Rule 13.92 of the
Hong Kong Listing Rules regarding diversity of the Board. The nomination policy of the Company can ensure

                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
that the Board will have potential alternate candidates to continue the existing diversity of the Board.



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
3. Senior Management of the Company

The election and change of the senior management were in strict compliance with the Articles of
Association. The procedures for appointment of senior management of the Company complied with the
Company Law and the Articles of Association. The Company has formulated the Terms of Reference of
the Executive Committee and the Terms of Reference of the Secretary to the Board and other rules and
regulations. The senior management of the Company conducted operations and performed their duties
legally and diligently in accordance with the laws, regulations and authorizations of the Board, in order to




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
maximize shareholders’ benefits and social benefits.

4. Information Disclosure and Transparency of the Company

The Company disclosed information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner in strict
compliance with the requirements of laws, rules and relevant regulations, and ensured that all shareholders
had equal access to the relevant information of the Company, thereby ensuring the transparency of the
Company. The Company strengthened the management of inside information, worked to ensure the
confidentiality of inside information, and safeguarded the principle of fairness in information disclosure in
strict compliance with the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality of
the Company. The Board of the Company designated the secretary to the Board to be responsible for the




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Company’s information disclosure, and the Office of the Board also assisted the secretary in information
disclosure. Meanwhile, the Company also arranged dedicated personnel to answer telephone enquiries of
investors and questions from investors via e-mails and the SSE interactive E-platform, actively interacted
with institutional investors during their visits and surveys or telephone interviews, regularly held results



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
presentation and online briefing on the results, proactively attended strategy seminars and investment
forums held by domestic or overseas financial institutions and updated in a timely manner information on
the “Investor Relations” column on the Company’s website.

5. Stakeholders

The Company gave full respects to its shareholders, customers, staff and other stakeholders and protected
their legitimate rights and interests from the perspective of system building and in each link of business
operation, ensured the development of the Company in a sustainable, harmonious, healthy and standard
way, in order to achieve all-win results for the Company and all stakeholders, thus maximizing the
Company’s profits and social benefits.




                                                                                                                109
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, according to the requirements of the regulatory departments, the Company
          further improved its organizational structure, institutional building and strengthened management of inside
          information, and ensured that the actual status of the corporate governance of the Company complied
          with the requirements of the normative documents published by the CSRC regarding the corporate
          governance of listed companies. Meanwhile, the Company strictly complied with all the code provisions
          as set out in the Corporate Governance Code, and met most of the recommended best practices in the
          Corporate Governance Code.

          (II) Formulation and Implementation of Insider Registration and Management
          System

          The Company formulated the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
          in April 2010 in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, normative documents
          and the Articles of Association and in light of the actual situation of the Company, which was considered
          and approved at the seventeenth meeting of the first session of the Board, in order to strengthen the
          management of inside information, maintain the confidentiality of inside information, ensure fair information
          disclosure and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors.

          In December 2011, according to the Provisions on the Establishment of an Insider Registration and
          Management System by Listed Companies (CSRC Announcement [2011] No. 30) (《 關 於 上 市 公 司 建 立 內 幕
          信息知情人登記管理制度的規定》( 證監會公告 [2011]30 號 )) issued by the CSRC, the Circular on Filing Records
          of Insiders by Listed Companies (Shang Zheng Gong Han [2011] No. 1501) (《關 於 做 好 上 市 公 司 內 幕 信 息 知 情
          人檔案報送工作的通知》( 上證公函 [2011]1501 號 )) issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant
          requirements issued by regulators, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider
          Registration and Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the seventh
          meeting of the second session of the Board.

          In March 2015, in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing of the H Shares
          of the Company, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
          Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the
          third session of the Board.

          In March 2019, for consistency with the Articles of Association, the Company made amendments to the
          System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and
          approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board.

          In August 2020, according to the revised Securities Law, the Guidelines on Insiders Reporting by Listed
          Companies issued by the SSE as well as relevant laws, regulations and normative documents, the Company
          made amendments to the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality,
          which were considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board.

          In March 2024, pursuant to the Regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies No. 5 – Registration and
          Management System for Insider Information of Listed Companies, the Guidelines No. 2 of the Shanghai Stock
          Exchange for Self-Regulation of Listed Companies – Information Disclosure Affairs Management as well as
          relevant laws, regulations, departmental rules, normative documents, the Company made amendments
          to the System regarding Insider Registration, Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and
          approved at the seventh meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company made more efforts to maintain the confidentiality of inside
          information, performed its obligation of insider registration, management and confidentiality diligently, kept
          records of the names of insiders who had accessed to the inside information at the stage of negotiation,
          planning, demonstration and consultation and contracting as well as in the processes of reporting, delivery,
          preparation, auditing, resolution and disclosing before its final disclosure in strict compliance with the
          requirements of System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, and kept
          records of information relating to insiders and memos of progress of major events, in order to effectively
          prevent insider dealing and properly carry out information disclosure.




110
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
During the Reporting Period, the Company organized internal investigation into the dealing of shares and
derivatives of the Company by insiders, and found that none of the holders of inside information had made
use of inside information in share transactions before any significant-price-sensitive-nature information
disclosure that may affect the share price of the Company, and the Company has not received any
punishment or administrative measure imposed by regulatory departments due to the possible involvement
in insider dealing.

(III) Corporate Governance Policies and the Board’s Responsibilities for Corporate
Governance


                                                                                                                        About Us
The Company has been in strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and followed all the principles
in the Corporate Governance Code to be its own corporate governance policies. In respect of the corporate
governance function, the terms of reference of the Board shall at least include:

(1) to formulate and review the corporate governance policies and practices of the Company;

(2) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and the
senior management;

(3) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with laws and regulatory


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
requirements;

(4) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
monitor employees and Directors;

(5) to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.

(IV) Securities Transactions by Directors and Employees

During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Kong Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions of the Company by all Directors.
According to the domestic regulatory requirements, the Company convened the thirteenth meeting
of the third session of the Board on November 25, 2014 to consider and approve the Administrative
System regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
(the “Administrative System”) in order to regulate the holding and dealing of the shares of the Company
by Directors and senior management. On March 6, 2015, the Company made amendments to the
Administrative System in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing of H
Shares of the Company, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the third session
of the Board. On October 28, 2022, the Company made amendments to the Administrative System, which
were considered and approved at the twenty-seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the
Company. On December 20, 2024, the Company made amendments to the Administrative System in order




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
to strengthen the management of the shares of the Company held by Directors and senior management
of the Company and the changes thereof, which were considered and approved at the fourteenth meeting
of the sixth session of the Board of the Company. The compulsory provisions contained in the Administrative




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
System are stricter than those under the Model Code. According to the special enquiries with Directors
and senior management, all Directors and senior management of the Company confirmed that they had
strictly complied with the relevant requirements under the Administrative System and Model Code during
the Reporting Period. The Board of the Company will, on a regular or irregular basis, carry out inspection
on corporate governance and operation of the Company, in order to ensure the relevant provisions under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules are well observed and to protect the interests of the shareholders. Please refer
to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned Directors and senior
management during the Reporting Period” under “Directors and Senior Management” under “Corporate
Governance, Environment and Society” in this report for details of the shareholding of the Directors and
senior management of the Company.




                                                                                                               111
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          II. SPECIFIC MEASURES TAKEN BY THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
          AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS OF THE COMPANY TO ENSURE THE
          INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY IN TERMS OF ASSETS, PERSONNEL,
          FINANCE, ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS, AND THE SOLUTIONS, WORK
          PROGRESS AND FOLLOW-UP WORK PLANS THAT INFLUENCE THE
          INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY

          The shareholding structure of the Company is relatively decentralized without controlling shareholders. The
          de facto controller of the Company is Jiangsu SASAC. Since its inception, the Company has been operating
          in strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations including the Company Law and the Securities
          Law as well as the requirements of the Articles of Association. The Company is completely separated from
          its shareholders in respect of business, staff, assets, organization and finance, owns a complete business
          system and is capable of operating independently in the market.

          1. Information about the independence of business

          In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the Company
          conducts business on its own pursuant to the law within the operating scope approved by the CSRC, and
          has obtained various business materials required for securities business operation with an independent
          and complete business system and the ability of self-operation. Its business operation is not controlled or
          affected by its shareholders or related parties. The Company can compete in the market independently.
          Shareholders and related parties of the Company did not breach the Company’s working procedures or
          intervene in the Company’s internal management or the making of its operational decisions.

          2. Information about the independence of the staff

          The Company has set up a dedicated human resources department, and established independent and
          complete systems for labor employment, personnel management, salary management and social security.
          The Directors and senior management of the Company were selected and employed in compliance
          with relevant requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Measures for the Supervision and
          Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners of Securities Fund
          Operating Institutions and the Articles of Association. The current Directors and senior management of
          the Company meet the corresponding qualifications. The senior management of the Company held no
          positions in its largest shareholder and de facto controller and other enterprises under its control. The
          Company adopts an appointment system for the senior management, a labor contract system for all
          staff, and enters into Labor Contracts with all the staff in accordance with the law. The Company owns
          independent rights for labor employment, and its staff are independent from the shareholders and
          enterprises under their control without any interference from the shareholders.

          3. Information about the integrity of the assets

          The Company possesses main business qualifications, land, real estate, vehicles and other operating
          equipment required for business operation. The above assets are subject to no mortgage, pledge or
          other guarantees, and the Company is the legal owner of these assets. The assets of the Company are
          independent from its largest shareholder and other shareholders. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
          Company provided no guarantees for the debts of any of its shareholders and their subsidiaries by using its
          assets or reputation as the collateral. The Company had full control and use right over its assets, and there
          had been no circumstance under which the interests of the Company were damaged due to the largest
          shareholder’s occupation of any of its assets and funds.

          4. Information about organizational independence

          In strict compliance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the




112
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Company has set up a sound corporate governance structure, and has formed a corporate governance
mechanism with statutory and transparent rights and responsibilities, coordinated operation and effective
checks and balances. The Company owns an independent and complete system for securities business
operation and management, and conducts business on its own. The organizations are set up and run in
compliance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC. The existing offices and premises of the Company
are totally separate from its shareholders without the circumstances of sharing organizations with them or
their direct intervention in the Company’s business activities.

5. Information about financial independence

As required by the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the Financial Systems of Securities
Firms, the Company has established an independent financial accounting and management system, set                           About Us
up an independent accounting department, and employed independent financial accountants. The chief
financial officer and financial personnel of the Company held no positions in its shareholders. The Company
has opened an independent bank account, applied for an independent tax registration and paid taxes in
accordance with laws and regulations. The Company shared no accounts and taxes with its shareholders
and related parties.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided no guarantees for its shareholders and other



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
related parties. During the Reporting Period, the Company experienced no peer competition and related-
party transactions resulted from shareholding reform, features of the industry and national policies or
mergers and acquisitions.


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS, DE FACTO CONTROLLERS AND OTHER UNITS UNDER THEIR CONTROL
ENGAGED IN SAME OR SIMILAR BUSINESSES AS THE COMPANY AND IMPACTS OF HORIZONTAL
COMPETITIONS OR SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN HORIZONTAL COMPETITIONS ON THE COMPANY,
SOLUTIONS ADOPTED, SOLVING PROGRESS AND SUBSEQUENT SOLUTIONS

In July 2010, with the approval of the People’s Government of Jiangsu Province, Jiangsu SASAC decided to
transfer the state-owned equities in Jiangsu Sainty International Group Limited to Guoxin Group, the largest




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
shareholder of the Company. Guoxin Group directly and indirectly held 78.5% equities of Jintai Futures Co.,
Ltd., and became the controlling shareholder of Jintai Futures Co., Ltd. Jintai Futures Co., Ltd. is principally
engaged in commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consultancy and
asset management, which has horizontal competition with Huatai Futures, a subsidiary by the Company.

To avoid the abovementioned horizontal competition, on June 10, 2014, the Company organized the
convening of the sixth meeting of the third session of the Board and the fourth meeting of the third session
of the Supervisory Committee, which considered and approved the Resolution on Avoiding Horizontal
Competition in Futures Businesses Between Jiangsu Guoxin and Huatai Securities and submitted to the
2014 second extraordinary general meeting convened on June 26, 2014 for consideration and approval.
Meanwhile, the independent Directors of the Company also expressed independent opinions on the



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
resolution. They believed that such horizontal competition has no significant effect on the operation and
development of Huatai Securities and the interests of minority shareholders and the resolution is in line with
relevant regulations of the CSRC and beneficial to the legitimate rights and interests of investors, especially



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
small and medium investors, and meets the requirements of Huatai Securities on maximizing shareholders’
interests.

On June 27, 2014, Guoxin Group re-signed the Letter of Undertaking on Waiving Horizontal Competition
and Conflict of Interests based on relevant regulations and the requirements of the resolutions at the 2014
second extraordinary general meeting of the Company. For the details of the announcement on the change
of such undertaking, please refer to the announcement (Lin No. 2014-047) on the performance and change
of undertaking by the Company’s shareholder dated June 28, 2014.




                                                                                                                   113
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          III. GENERAL MEETINGS CONVENED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                                          Date of
                                                                                                                                          disclosure
                                                                                                                Enquiry index of the      of the
                                                                                                                websites designated       publication
                          Convening                                                                             for publication of the    of the
          Meeting         date          Resolutions                                                             resolutions               resolutions    Status

                                        1. To consider the 2024 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                        2. To consider the 2024 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee
                                        of the Company;
                                        3. To consider the 2024 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                        4. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Annual Report of the
                                        Company;
                                        5. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Profit Distribution Plan of
                                        the Company;
                                        6. To consider the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary                 https://www.sse.com.cn
                                                                                                                                                        All resolutions
                                        Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2025;              https://www.hkexnews.hk
          2024 Annual                                                                                                                                   were
                          June 20,      7. To consider the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount        https://www.
          General                                                                                                                         June 21, 2025 considered
                          2025          for the Proprietary Business of the Company for 2025;                   londonstockexchange.
          Meeting                                                                                                                                       and
                                        8. To consider the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the              com
                                                                                                                                                        approved.
                                        Accounting Firms for 2025 of the Company;                               https://www.htsc.com.cn
                                        9. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties of the
                                        Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company for 2024;
                                        10. To consider the Resolution on Proposing the General Meeting to
                                        Grant General Mandate to the Board to Issue Shares;
                                        11. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of
                                        Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                                        12. To consider the Resolution on the Election of the Non-executive
                                        Director and Executive Director of the Sixth Session of the Board.


                                                                                                                https://www.sse.com.cn                  The
                                                                                                                https://www.hkexnews.hk                 resolution
          2025 First A
                          June 20,      To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of            https://www.                            was
          Share Class                                                                                                                     June 21, 2025
                          2025          Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company.                         londonstockexchange.                    considered
          Meeting
                                                                                                                com                                     and
                                                                                                                https://www.htsc.com.cn                 approved.


                                                                                                                https://www.sse.com.cn                  The
                                                                                                                https://www.hkexnews.hk                 resolution
          2025 First H
                          June 20,      To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of            https://www.                            was
          Share Class                                                                                                                     June 21, 2025
                          2025          Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company.                         londonstockexchange.                    considered
          Meeting
                                                                                                                com                                     and
                                                                                                                https://www.htsc.com.cn                 approved.


                                        1. To consider the Resolution on the 2025 Interim Profit Distribution
                                        of the Company;
                                        2. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Articles of
                                                                                                                https://www.sse.com.cn
                                        Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                                      All resolutions
          2025 First                                                                                            https://www.hkexnews.hk
                                        3. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of                                                  were
          Extraordinary   October 17,                                                                           https://www.              October 18,
                                        Procedure                                                                                                        considered
          General         2025                                                                                  londonstockexchange.      2025
                                        for General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                              and
          Meeting                                                                                               com
                                        4. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of                                                  approved.
                                                                                                                https://www.htsc.com.cn
                                        Procedure of the Board Meetings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                        5. To consider the Resolution on the Matters in Relation to the
                                        Dissolution of the Supervisory Committee.


                                        1. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Articles of
                                                                                                                https://www.sse.com.cn
                                        Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                                      All resolutions
                                                                                                                https://www.hkexnews.hk
          2025 Second                   2. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of                                                  were
                          October 17,                                                                           https://www.              October 18,
          A Share Class                 Procedure                                                                                                        considered
                          2025                                                                                  londonstockexchange.      2025
          Meeting                       for General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                              and
                                                                                                                com
                                        3. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of                                                  approved.
                                                                                                                https://www.htsc.com.cn
                                        Procedure of the Board Meetings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.


                                        1. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Articles of
                                                                                                                https://www.sse.com.cn
                                        Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                                      All resolutions
                                                                                                                https://www.hkexnews.hk
          2025 Second                   2. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of                                                  were
                          October 28,                                                                           https://www.              October 29,
          H Share Class                 Procedure                                                                                                        considered
                          2025                                                                                  londonstockexchange.      2025
          Meeting                       for General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                              and
                                                                                                                com
                                        3. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of                                                  approved.
                                                                                                                https://www.htsc.com.cn
                                        Procedure of the Board Meetings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.



          Note: None of the shareholders of the Company are holders of preference shares with voting rights restored. Therefore, none of the extraordinary
          general meetings was convened by holders of preference shares with voting rights restored, nor was any general meeting proposed to be
          convened, convened or chaired by the holders of preference shares with voting rights restored during the Reporting Period.




114
                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
IV. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD CONVENED DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD
                 Convening
Meeting          date        Meeting form and place        Resolution                                                                           Status

                                                           1. To consider the 2024 Work Report of the Senior Management of the Company;
                                                           2. To consider the 2024 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                                           3. To consider the 2025 Financial Budget Report of the Company;
                                                           4. To consider the Proposal on the 2024 Profit Distribution of the Company;
                                                           5. To consider the 2024 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                                           6. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Annual Report of the Company;



                                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                           7. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Annual Compliance Report of the
                                                           Company;
                                                           8. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Annual Risk Management Report of the
                                                           Company;
                                                           9. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Annual Internal Control Evaluation
                                                           Report of the Company;
                                                           10. To consider the Resolution on the Special Report on Information Technology
                                                           Management and Network and Information Security Management of the
                                                           Company for 2024;
                                                           11. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Corporate Social Responsibility Report
                                                           of the Company;
                                                           12. To consider the Proposal on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related
                                                           Parties of the Company for 2025;




                                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                             By means of onsite &
                                                           13. To consider the Proposal on the Estimated Investment Amount for the
                             video meetings.
                                                           Proprietary Business of the Company for 2025;
                             Address: Large
                                                           14. To consider the Resolution on the Internal Audit Work Report for 2024 and
                             Conference Room, Floor
                                                           Internal Audit Work Plan for 2025 of the Company;



                                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                             12, Building 1, Huatai
                                                           15. To consider the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms of
                             Securities Square, No. 228,
                                                           the Company;
                             Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                                           16. To consider the Resolution on the Formulation of the Market Value
                             Nanjing; Conference
                                                           Management System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                             Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                                           17. To consider the Resolution on the Election of Non-executive Directors of the
                             A, China Pacific Insurance
                                                           Sixth Session of the Board of the Company;
                             Plaza, No. 28 Fengsheng                                                                                            All resolutions
The Fifteenth                                              18. To consider the Resolution on the Adjustment to the Composition Plan of
                             Alley, Xicheng District,                                                                                           were
Meeting of the   March 28,                                 Certain Special Committees of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company;
                             Beijing; Simulated Video                                                                                           considered
Sixth Session    2025                                      19. To consider the Resolution on the Appointment of Representative for Securities
                             Conference Room,                                                                                                   and
of the Board                                               of the Company;
                             Shanghai Branch Office                                                                                             approved.
                                                           20. To consider the Resolution on the Semi-Annual Report on Implementation of




                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                             of Huatai Securities, Floor
                                                           2024 Action Plan of “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement” of the Company;
                             25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,
                                                           21. To consider the Resolution on Proposing the General Meeting to Grant General
                             Dongfang Road, Pudong
                                                           Mandate to the Board to Issue Shares;
                             New Area, Shanghai;
                                                           22. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and Remuneration of
                             Simulated Video Beijing
                                                           Directors of the Company for 2024;
                             Conference Room, Huatai
                                                           23. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties, Performance Assessment
                             Financial Holdings (Hong
                                                           and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company for 2024;
                             Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                                           24. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties by the Independent
                             Center, 99 Queen’s Road
                                                           Directors of the Company for 2024;
                             Central, Hong Kong.
                                                           25. To consider the Resolution on Convening the 2024 Annual General Meeting of
                                                           the Company;
                                                           26. To listen to the Report on Independence Self-examination by the Independent
                                                           Directors of the Company;
                                                           27. To listen to the Special Opinions of the Board of the Company on
                                                           Independence of the Independent Directors;
                                                           28. To listen to the Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee of




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                           the Board of the Company for 2024;
                                                           29. To listen to the Evaluation Report on Performance of Duties by the Annual
                                                           Audit Accounting Firm for 2024 of the Company;
                                                           30. To listen to the Report on Performance of Supervisory Duties by the Annual
                                                           Audit Accounting Firm for 2024 of the Audit Committee of the Board of the




                                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                                           Company;
                                                           31. To listen to the Work Report of the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company
                                                           for 2024;
                                                           32. To listen to the Work Report on Anti-money Laundering of the Company for
                                                           2024;
                                                           33. To review the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control Indicators of the
                                                           Company for 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                  115
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                           Convening
          Meeting          date         Meeting form and place        Resolution                                                                            Status

                                        By means of onsite &
                                        video meetings.
                                        Address: Large
                                        Conference Room, Floor
                                        12, Building 1, Huatai
                                        Securities Square, No. 228,
                                        Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                        Nanjing; Conference
                                                                      1. To consider the Resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company for
                                        Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                                                      2025;
                                        A, China Pacific Insurance
                                                                      2. To consider the Resolution on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling
                                        Plaza, No. 28 Fengsheng                                                                                             All resolutions
          The sixteenth                                               Restriction of the Third Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive
                                        Alley, Xicheng District,                                                                                            were
          Meeting of the   April 29,                                  Scheme of A Shares of the Company;
                                        Beijing; Simulated Video                                                                                            considered
          Sixth Session    2025                                       3. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
                                        Conference Room,                                                                                                    and
          of the Board                                                Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                                        Shanghai Branch Office                                                                                              approved.
                                                                      4. To consider the Resolution on Addition to Agenda of the 2024 Annual General
                                        of Huatai Securities, Floor
                                                                      Meeting of the Company and Convening the 2025 First A Share Class Meeting
                                        25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,
                                                                      and the 2025 First H Share Class Meeting.
                                        Dongfang Road, Pudong
                                        New Area, Shanghai;
                                        Simulated Video Beijing
                                        Conference Room, Huatai
                                        Financial Holdings (Hong
                                        Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                        Center, 99 Queen’s Road
                                        Central, Hong Kong.


          The                                                                                                                                               All resolutions
                                                                      1. To consider the Proposal on the Election of Executive Directors of the Sixth
          Seventeenth                                                                                                                                       were
                           May 20,      By means of                   Session of the Board of the Company;
          Meeting of the                                                                                                                                    considered
                           2025         teleconference.               2. To consider the Resolution on Addition to Agenda of the 2024 Annual General
          Sixth Session                                                                                                                                     and
                                                                      Meeting of the Company.
          of the Board                                                                                                                                      approved.


                                                                                                                                                            The
          The
                                                                                                                                                            resolution
          Eighteenth
                           June 20,     By means of                   To consider the Resolution on the Adjustment to the Composition Plan of Certain       was
          Meeting of the
                           2025         teleconference.               Special Committees of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company.                  considered
          Sixth Session
                                                                                                                                                            and
          of the Board
                                                                                                                                                            approved.


                                        By means of onsite &
                                        video meetings.
                                                                      1. To consider the Resolution on the 2025 Interim Report of the Company;
                                        Address: Large
                                                                      2. To consider the Resolution on the Adjustment to the Repurchase Price
                                        Conference Room, Floor
                                                                      Applicable to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;
                                        12, Building 1, Huatai
                                                                      3. To consider the Resolution on the 2025 Semi-Annual Report on Implementation
                                        Securities Square, No. 228,
                                                                      of the Action Plan of “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement” of the
                                        Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                                                      Company;
                                        Nanjing; Conference
                                                                      4 To consider the Resolution on the Change of Accounting Policies of the
                                        Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                                                      Company;
                                        A, China Pacific Insurance
                                                                      5. To consider the Proposal on the 2025 Interim Profit Distribution of the Company;
          The                           Plaza, No. 28 Fengsheng                                                                                             All resolutions
                                                                      6. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Articles of Association of
          Nineteenth                    Alley, Xicheng District,                                                                                            were
                           August 29,                                 Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
          Meeting of the                Beijing; Simulated Video                                                                                            considered
                           2025                                       7. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of Procedure for
          Sixth Session                 Conference Room,                                                                                                    and
                                                                      General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
          of the Board                  Shanghai Branch Office                                                                                              approved.
                                                                      8. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of Procedure of
                                        of Huatai Securities, Floor
                                                                      the Board Meetings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                        25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,
                                                                      9. To consider the Resolution on the Matters in Relation to the Dissolution of the
                                        Dongfang Road, Pudong
                                                                      Supervisory Committee;
                                        New Area, Shanghai;
                                                                      10. To consider the Resolution on Convening the 2025 First Extraordinary General
                                        Simulated Video Beijing
                                                                      Meeting, the 2025 Second A Share Class Meeting and the 2025 Second H Share
                                        Conference Room, Huatai
                                                                      Class Meeting of the Company;
                                        Financial Holdings (Hong
                                                                      11. To review the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control Indicators of the
                                        Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                                                      Company for the First Half of 2025.
                                        Center, 99 Queen’s Road
                                        Central, Hong Kong.




116
                                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                 Convening
Meeting          date          Meeting form and place        Resolution                                                                             Status

                               By means of onsite &
                               video meetings.
                               Address: Large
                               Conference Room, Floor
                               12, Building 1, Huatai
                               Securities Square, No. 228,
                               Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                                             1. To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the Company for
                               Nanjing; Conference
                                                             2025;
                               Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                                             2. To consider the Resolution on Raising the Upper Limit of Total Scale of the
                               A, China Pacific Insurance
                                                             Margin Financing and Securities Lending Business of the Company;
                               Plaza, No. 28 Fengsheng                                                                                              All resolutions
The Twentieth                                                3. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Terms of Reference of


                                                                                                                                                                               About Us
                               Alley, Xicheng District,                                                                                             were
Meeting of the   October 30,                                 Special Committees of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                               Beijing; Simulated Video                                                                                             considered
Sixth Session    2025                                        4. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Basic System for Risk
                               Conference Room,                                                                                                     and
of the Board                                                 Management of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                               Shanghai Branch Office                                                                                               approved.
                                                             5. To consider the Resolution on the Formulation of the Risk Appetite and
                               of Huatai Securities, Floor
                                                             Tolerance Statement of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                               25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,
                                                             6. To consider the Resolution on the Formulation of the Consolidated Financial
                               Dongfang Road, Pudong
                                                             Statements Management System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                               New Area, Shanghai;
                               Simulated Video Beijing
                               Conference Room, Huatai
                               Financial Holdings (Hong
                               Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                               Center, 99 Queen’s Road




                                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                               Central, Hong Kong.


                                                             1. To consider the Proposal on the Election of the Members of the Seventh Session




                                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                             of the Board (Non-independent Directors);
                                                             2. To consider the Proposal on the Election of the Members of the Seventh Session
The Twenty-                                                  of the Board (Independent Directors);                                                  All resolutions
first Meeting                                                3. To consider the Resolution on Proposing the General Meeting to Grant General        were
                 December      By means of
of the Sixth                                                 Mandate to the Board to Issue Shares;                                                  considered
                 31, 2025      teleconference.
Session of the                                               4. To consider the Resolution on the Appointment of External Assessment                and
Board                                                        Institution for the Effectiveness of Compliance Management of the Company for          approved.
                                                             2025;
                                                             5. To consider the Resolution on Convening the 2026 First Extraordinary General
                                                             Meeting of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Board can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (https://
www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (https://www.
htsc.com.cn) as well as China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily and Securities Times.




V. DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

(I) Changes in Shareholding Structure and Remuneration of Current and Resigned
Directors and Senior Management during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                               Currency: RMB Unit: Ten thousand shares




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                                                                                                                    Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                   remuneration      Whether
                                                                                                                                   received from     received
                                                                                                                                   the Company       remuneration
                                                                                  Number                                               during the    from any




                                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                                 of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting     related
                                                                Expiration     held at the   Shares held shareholding                 Period (Ten    party of the
                                                 Start of the   of the term     beginning     at the end   during the       Reason     Thousand      Company or
Name         Position            Gender Age      term of office of office      of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)     not

Wang
             Chairman            Male     55     2026-01-23 2029-01-22                  –             –            –             –             – No
Huiqing

             Executive
                                                 2007-12-06 2029-01-22
             Director

             Employee
             representative                      2022-12-30 2026-01-23
Zhou Yi      Director            Male     56                                        72.00         72.00            –             –        144.00 No

             Chief executive
             officer, Chairman
                                                 2019-10-29     2029-01-22
             of the Executive
             Committee




                                                                                                                                                                      117
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                         Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                        remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                        received from    received
                                                                                                                                        the Company      remuneration
                                                                                       Number                                               during the   from any
                                                                                      of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    related
                                                                      Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                 Period (Ten   party of the
                                                       Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason     Thousand     Company or
          Name         Position           Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    not

                       Non-executive
          Ding Feng                       Male   57    2018-10-22     2029-01-22             –             –            –             –             – Yes
                       Director

                       Non-executive
          Yu Lanying                      Female 54    2026-01-23 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –             – Yes
                       Director

                       Non-executive
          Ke Xiang                        Male   51    2021-02-08 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –             – Yes
                       Director

                       Non-executive
          Jin Yongfu                      Male   57    2025-06-20 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –             – Yes
                       Director

          Chen         Non-executive
                                          Male   49    2026-01-23 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –             – Yes
          Jianwei      Director

                       Executive
                                                       2025-06-20 2029-01-22
                       Director
          Wang Ying                       Female 46                                          –             –            –             –        82.29 No
                       Employee
                       representative                  2026-01-23 2029-01-22
                       Director

                       Independent
          Wang
                       non-executive      Male   51    2020-06-18 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –        24.00 No
          Jianwen
                       Director

                    Independent
          Wang
                    non-executive         Male   57    2022-06-22 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –        24.00 No
          Quansheng
                    Director

                       Independent
          Peng Bing    non-executive      Male   53    2022-12-30 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –        24.00 No
                       Director

                    Independent
          Wang Bing non-executive         Male   47    2022-12-30 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –        24.00 No
                    Director

                      Independent
          Lo Kin Wing
                      non-executive       Male   66    2024-06-20 2029-01-22                 –             –            –             –        24.00 No
          Terry
                      Director

                       Member of
                       the Executive
          Han
                       Committee,        Male    58    2022-04-08 2029-01-22            60.00         60.00             –             –        115.20 No
          Zhencong
                       chief information
                       officer

                     Member of
          Jiang Jian the Executive        Male   59    2019-12-16     2029-01-22        60.00         60.00             –             –        115.20 No
                     Committee

                       Member of
                       the Executive                   2019-12-16     2029-01-22
                       Committee
          Zhang Hui                       Male   50                                     60.00         60.00             –             –        115.20 No
                       Secretary to the
                                                       2017-04-26 2029-01-22
                       Board

                       Member of
          Chen
                       the Executive      Male   47    2020-02-18 2029-01-22            60.00         60.00             –             –        105.60 No
          Tianxiang
                       Committee

                       Member of
                       the Executive                   2026-01-23 2029-01-22
          Jiao         Committee
                                          Female 55                                     50.00         50.00             –             –        145.20 No
          Xiaoning
                       Chief financial
                                                       2020-03-05 2029-01-22
                       officer

                     Member of
          Wang Yujie the Executive        Male   41    2026-01-30 2029-01-22             8.00           8.00            –             –             – No
                     Committee




118
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                 Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                received from    received
                                                                                                                                the Company      remuneration
                                                                               Number                                               during the   from any
                                                                              of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    related
                                                              Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                 Period (Ten   party of the
                                               Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason     Thousand     Company or
Name         Position             Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    not

             General legal
                                               2019-12-16     2029-01-22
             counsel
Jiao Kai                          Male   51                                     50.00         50.00             –             –        145.20 No
             Chief
             compliance                        2020-02-17 2029-01-22


                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
             officer

Wang
             Chief risk officer   Male   53    2017-03-16     2029-01-22        50.00         50.00             –             –       204.00 No
Chong

             Director
Sun Yan      of human             Female 54    2022-12-30 2029-01-22             8.00           8.00            –             –        115.20 No
             resources

             Chairman
Zhang Wei                         Male   61    2019-12-16     2026-01-23             –             –            –             –         81.37 No
             (resigned)

          Non-executive
Chen
          Director                Male   58    2022-06-22 2026-01-23                 –             –            –             –             – No



                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Zhongyang
          (resigned)

          Non-executive
Liu



                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
          Director                Male   51    2023-11-24     2025-06-20             –             –            –             –             – No
Changchun
          (resigned)

             Non-executive
Zhang
             Director             Male   54    2022-12-30 2026-01-23                 –             –            –             –             – No
Jinxin
             (resigned)

             Executive Director
Yin Lihong                      Female 55      2022-06-22 2025-03-14                 –             –            –             –          12.18 No
             (resigned)

             Member of
             the Executive
Sun Hanlin                        Male   60    2019-12-16     2026-01-23        60.00         60.00             –             –        115.20 No
             Committee




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
             (resigned)

Total        /                    /      /     /              /                538.00        538.00             –             /      1,615.84 /


Notes:
1. On March 14, 2025, Ms. Yin Lihong resigned from her positions as an executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company and as
a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board due to work adjustment.
2. On June 20, 2025, Mr. Liu Changchun resigned from his positions as a non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company
and as a member of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board due to work adjustment. On the same day, Mr. Jin Yongfu was elected
as a non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company at the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting, and Ms. Wang
Ying was elected as an executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company.
3. On January 23, 2026, 12 individuals, namely Mr. Wang Huiqing, Mr. Zhou Yi, Mr. Ding Feng, Ms. Yu Lanying, Mr. Ke Xiang, Mr. Jin Yongfu, Mr. Chen
Jianwei, Mr. Wang Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang Bing and Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry, together with Ms. Wang Ying, the
employee representative Director elected by the congress of workers and staff of the Company, 13 in total, were elected as the members of the




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
seventh session of the Board of the Company at the 2026 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company. Their term of office shall be three
years from the date of consideration and approval by the general meeting. Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Chen Zhongyang and Mr. Zhang Jinxin, members
of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, ceased to serve as the Directors of the Company upon expiration of their term of office.
4. On January 23, 2026, Mr. Wang Huiqing was elected as the chairman of the seventh session of the Board of the Company at the first meeting
of the seventh session of the Board of the Company with a term of office of three years from the date of consideration and approval by the




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Board meeting; Mr. Zhou Yi was appointed as the chief executive officer and chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company; Mr. Han
Zhencong, Mr. Jiang Jian, Mr. Zhang Hui, Mr. Chen Tianxiang, Ms. Jiao Xiaoning and Mr. Wang Yujie were appointed as the members of the
Executive Committee of the Company, and Mr. Wang Yujie shall officially take office after passing the qualification assessment for senior
management of securities companies; Mr. Han Zhencong was appointed as the chief information officer of the Company (concurrently); Ms.
Jiao Xiaoning was appointed as the chief financial officer of the Company (concurrently); Mr. Jiao Kai was appointed as the chief compliance
officer and general legal counsel of the Company; Mr. Wang Chong was appointed as the chief risk officer of the Company; Ms. Sun Yan was
appointed as the director of human resources of the Company; and Mr. Zhang Hui was appointed as the secretary of the Board of the Company
(concurrently). The term of office of the above-mentioned senior management personnel shall be three years from the date of consideration
and approval by the Board meeting. On January 30, 2026, Mr. Wang Yujie passed the qualification assessment for senior management of
securities companies and officially took office as a member of the Executive Committee of the Company.
5. The remuneration accrued and distributed for 2025; it was implemented in accordance with relevant policies of competent authorities and
the Company’s relevant remuneration assessment system. The final remuneration is still in the process of confirmation, and the rest will be
disclosed separately after confirmation.
6. The remuneration of the Directors that are the persons in charge of provincial financial enterprises shall be implemented in accordance with
the Interim Measures for the Administration of Remuneration of Persons in Charge of Provincial Financial Enterprises in Jiangsu Province (《江蘇省
省管金融企業負責人薪酬管理暫行辦法》).




                                                                                                                                                                119
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name         Primary work experience
                       Doctor of law and finance, and a certified public accountant and company lawyer. He
                       previously served as the general manager of Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Ltd.
                       ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 ), the chairman of Lian Life Insurance Co., Ltd. ( 利安人壽保險股
                       份有限公司 ), a deputy general manager and a member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu
          Wang
                       Guoxin Investment Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信集團有限公司 ), and the secretary of the Party
          Huiqing
                       Committee and the chairman of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 ).
                       He has been the secretary of the Party Committee of the Company since November 2025
                       and has been the chairman of the Board of the Company since January 2026, with a term of
                       office in current session of the Board from January 2026 to January 2029.
                       Bachelor of computer communications. He joined the Company in August 2006, and
                       previously served as the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, the President and
                       a member of the Party Committee of the Company, etc. He has been a Director of the
          Zhou Yi
                       Company since December 2007, and has been the chief executive officer and chairman of
                       the Executive Committee of the Company since October 2019, with a term of office in current
                       session of the Board and the senior management from January 2026 to January 2029.
                       Master of business administration and senior accountant. He previously worked at China
                       Songhai Industrial Corporation ( 中 國 嵩 海 實 業 總 公 司 ) and China North Industries Corporation
                       Xiamen Branch ( 中國北方工業廈門公司 ). He served as the deputy section chief of the finance
                       department of Jiangsu International Trust and Investment Company ( 江蘇省國際信託投資公司 )
                       from October 1995 to August 2002; the project manager of the finance department of Jiangsu
                       Guoxin Asset Management Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信資產管理集團有限公司 ) from August 2002
                       to September 2004; the head of the finance department (manager assistant) and deputy
                       general manager of Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited ( 江 蘇 省 國 際 信 託 有 限 責 任
                       公 司 ) from September 2004 to December 2009; the deputy general manager of the finance
                       department of Jiangsu Guoxin Asset Management Group Limited ( 江 蘇 省 國 信 資 產 管 理 集 團 有
          Ding Feng
                       限公司 ) from December 2009 to December 2010; the (executive) vice president, president and
                       deputy secretary of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省
                       國信集團財務有限公司 ) from December 2010 to March 2018; the general manager of finance
                       department of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信集團有限公司 ) from March
                       2018 to December 2024; and the deputy secretary of the Party Committee and director of
                       Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited from December 2024 to March 2025. He has
                       been the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, a director and the general manager of
                       Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited since March 2025. He has been a Director of the
                       Company since October 2018, with a term of office in current session of the Board from January
                       2026 to January 2029.
                       Master of industrial economics, and a principal senior accountant and certified public
                       accountant. She previously worked at Nanjing Runtai Industrial Trading Company ( 南 京
                       潤泰實業貿易公司 ), Jiangsu United Trust and Investment Company ( 江蘇聯合信託投資公司 ),
                       Jiangsu Communications Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通產業集團有限公司 ) and Jiangsu
                       Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 交 通 控 股 有 限 公 司 ). She successively served as the
                       deputy manager (in charge of work), manager of the finance and accounting division,
                       deputy chief financial officer (departmental level), chief financial officer, member of the
                       Party Committee and deputy general manager of Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited
          Yu Lanying
                       ( 江蘇寧滬高速公路股份有限公司 ) from June 2008 to March 2018; and the head of the audit
                       and risk control department, director of audit center, head of the financial management
                       department and assistant to the general manager of Jiangsu Communications Holding
                       Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 ) from March 2018 to August 2023. She has served as the chief
                       accountant and member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co.,
                       Ltd. since August 2023. She served as the Supervisor of the Company from October 2018 to
                       October 2025, and has served as a Director of the Company since January 2026, with a term
                       of office in current session of the Board from January 2026 to January 2029.




120
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Name         Primary work experience
             Doctor of corporate management and senior engineer. From August 1996 to October
             2002, he successively served as a staff member of the infrastructure investment division,
             staff member and deputy senior staff member of the agriculture division of Jiangsu
             Provincial Department of Finance. From October 2002 to August 2020, he worked at
             Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. and successively served as the assistant to the
             director of the office, deputy director of the office, deputy director of the operation and
             safety department, deputy director of the Toll Management Center of Expressway Network
Ke Xiang     of Jiangsu Province, director of the Information Center and deputy director of the office,


                                                                                                                          About Us
             director of the development strategy and policy regulation research office, deputy director
             of the investment and development department, director of the strategic research office,
             deputy director of the corporate management and legal affairs department, and director
             of the strategic planning department. Since August 2020, he has been the deputy general
             manager and member of the Party Committee of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技
             投資集團有限公司 ). He has been a Director of the Company since February 2021, with a term
             of office in current session of the Board from January 2026 to January 2029.
             Bachelor of economics, and an accountant and political engineer. From August 1992 to May
             2005, he successively served as an accountant, an assistant to manager and a deputy


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
             manager of the finance department at Jiangsu Textiles Import & Export Corporation ( 江
             蘇省紡織品進出口公司 ). From June 2005 to February 2007, he served as the general manager
             of Jiangsu Textiles Import & Export Group Jietai Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省紡織品進出口集團捷泰有限

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
             公司 ). From March 2007 to December 2013, he successively served as the director of the
             general manager’s office and an assistant to the general manager and the manager of
             the investment development department at Jiangsu Kaiyuan Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 開 元 股 份 有 限 公
             司 ). From December 2013 to April 2014, he served as the assistant to the general manager
Jin Yongfu   and manager of the investment development department of Jiangsu High Hope Co., Ltd. ( 江
             蘇匯鴻股份有限公司 ), and the general manager of Jiangsu High Hope Huisheng Investment
             Management Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 匯 鴻 匯 升 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ). From May 2014 to August 2023, he




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
             successively served as the deputy director of the office, the director of the information center,
             the director of the office, the general manager of the investment management department,
             vice president and a member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu High Hope International Group
             Corporation ( 江蘇匯鴻國際集團股份有限公司 ). Since August 2023, he has served as the vice
             president and a member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Soho Holdings Group Company
             Limited ( 江蘇省蘇豪控股集團有限公司 ). He has been a Director of the Company since June 2025,
             with a term of office in current session of the Board from January 2026 to January 2029.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 121
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name          Primary work experience
                       Master of public administration, and holds the title of senior auditor. From July 1999 to March
                       2004, he successively served as a probationer, a staff member and a deputy principal
                       staff member in the fixed assets investment audit division of the National Audit Office’s
                       Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Resident Office. From March 2004 to June 2011, he successively served
                       as a deputy principal staff member and a principal staff member in the administrative
                       institutions audit division and economic and trade audit division of the National Audit Office’s
                       Nanjing Resident Office. From June 2011 to June 2015, he served as a deputy director of the
                       administrative institutions audit division and agricultural audit division of the National Audit
                       Office’s Nanjing Resident Office. From July 2015 to May 2017, he served as a deputy general
                       manager of Jiangsu Yourun Technology and Culture Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇有潤科技文化集團有
                       限公司 ). From May 2017 to February 2023, he successively served as the general manager of
                       the asset operation department and the general manager of the investment development
          Chen Jianwei department at Nanjing Jinling Hotel Group Co., Ltd. ( 南京金陵飯店集團有限公司 ). From February
                       2023 to April 2024, he served as the secretary of the Party Committee and the chairman
                       of Jiangsu Tianquan Lake Development and Construction Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇天泉湖開發建設有限
                       公 司 ), and the secretary of the Party Branch and the chairman of Jiangsu Tianquan Lake
                       Industrial Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇天泉湖實業股份有限公司 ). From April 2024 to June 2024, he served as
                       the chairman of Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金財投資有限公司 ). From June 2024
                       to October 2025, he served as the secretary of the General Party Branch and the chairman
                       of Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd. Since October 2025, he has served as the general
                       manager of the investment development department of Jiangsu Guojin Investment Group
                       Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省國金投資集團有限公司 ), and the secretary of the General Party Branch and
                       the chairman of Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd. He has been a Director of the Company
                       since January 2026, with a term of office in current session of the Board from January 2026
                       to January 2029.
                        Master of public administration. She joined the Company in January 2016, and served as the
                        head of the Communist Party union working department of the Company from April 2016
                        to May 2025, and an employee representative Supervisor of the Company from December
          Wang Ying     2019 to May 2025. She has served as the chairman of labor union of the Company since
                        December 2021, and the deputy secretary of the Party Committee of the Company since
                        April 2025. She has been a Director of the Company since June 2025 with a term of office in
                        current session of the Board from January 2026 to January 2029.
                        Doctor of civil and commercial law. From August 1998 to May 2006, he taught at Nanjing
                        Tech Law School. From May 2006 to May 2016, he served as an associate professor, professor,
                        doctoral supervisor and deputy dean of Hohai University School of Law. From May 2016
                        to April 2021, he served as a professor, doctoral supervisor and dean at the College of
          Wang
                        Humanities and Social Sciences of Nanjing University of Aeronautics and Astronautics. He
          Jianwen
                        has served as a professor and doctoral supervisor at the Law School of Nanjing University
                        since May 2021. He has been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since
                        June 2020, with a term of office in current session of the Board from January 2026 to January
                        2029.
                        Doctor of business management. He served as a teaching assistant and lecturer in the
                        Information Center, an associate professor, deputy dean, professor and the dean of the
                        department of E-commerce, and a professor and the dean of the Department of Marketing
                        and E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing University from September 1993 to
          Wang
                        September 2016; and a professor and the deputy dean of the Management School of
          Quansheng
                        Nanjing University from September 2016 to November 2020. He has been a professor and the
                        deputy dean of the Business School of Nanjing University since November 2020. He has been
                        an independent non-executive Director of the Company since June 2022, with a term of
                        office in current session of the Board from January 2026 to January 2029.




122
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Name          Primary work experience
              Doctor of international law. From April 2000 to July 2005, he served as a lecturer at the Law
              School of Peking University; from July 2005 to July 2017, he served as associate professor at
              the Law School of Peking University; from July 2017 to present, he has served as a professor
Peng Bing
              at the Law School of Peking University. He has been an independent non-executive Director
              of the Company since December 2022, with a term of office in current session of the Board
              from January 2026 to January 2029.
              Doctor of accounting. From July 2007 to December 2022, he served as a lecturer, associate
              professor and the deputy dean of the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University


                                                                                                                         About Us
              Business School; from December 2022 to present, he has served as a professor and the
Wang Bing
              deputy dean of the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School. He has
              been an independent non-executive Director of the Company since December 2022, with a
              term of office in current session of the Board from January 2026 to January 2029.
              Bachelor of sociology. He worked at American International Assurance Company Limited
              and East Asia Aetna Insurance Company Limited. From August 1994 to December 2007,
              he successively served as the financial controller and chief executive officer of HSBC Life
              Insurance Company Limited (Hong Kong); from December 1995 to February 2006, he served
              as the chief executive officer of Hang Seng Life Limited; from December 2007 to November

                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Lo Kin Wing   2012, he successively served as the person in charge and chief executive officer of HSBC Life
Terry         Insurance Company Limited (China); from July 2013 to March 2020, he successively served


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
              as the vice president, chief executive officer and consultant of BOC Group Life Assurance
              Company Limited (Hong Kong). He has served as a non-executive director of the Insurance
              Authority since December 2021. He has been an independent non-executive Director of the
              Company since June 2024, with a term of office in current session of the Board from January
              2026 to January 2029.
              Doctor of management science and engineering, and is a senior economist. He served as a
              member of the Leading Party Members’ Group and deputy general manager of China Telecom
              Jiangsu Company Limited ( 中國電信江蘇公司 ); the secretary of the Leading Party Members’




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
              Group and general manager of China Telecom Heilongjiang Company Limited; the general
Han           manager of the government and enterprise customer business division of China Telecom,
Zhencong      and the secretary of the Party Committee and general manager of China Telecom Zhejiang
              Company Limited, etc. He joined the Company in December 2019 and has been a member of
              the Executive Committee and the chief information officer of the Company since April 2022, with
              a term of office in current session of the senior management from January 2026 to January
              2029.
              Master of agricultural economics and management. He joined the Company in December
              1994, and once served as the deputy general manager of the investment banking head office,
              general manager of the asset management head office, general manager of the investment



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
              banking business Nanjing head office, director of investment banking business and general
Jiang Jian
              manager of Nanjing head office, secretary to the Board of Directors, vice president and a
              member of the Party Committee of the Company, etc. He has been a member of Executive




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
              Committee of the Company since December 2019, with a term of office in current session of the
              senior management from January 2026 to January 2029.




                                                                                                                123
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name          Primary work experience
                        Doctor of technology economics and management. He joined the Company in February
                        2003, and once served as a senior manager of the asset management head office, deputy
                        general manager of the Securities Branch in Nantong Yaogang Road, the general manager of
                        the Securities Branch in Shanghai Ruijin First Road, deputy general manager of the securities
                        investment department, the general manager of the general affairs department, the general
          Zhang Hui
                        manager of the human resources department and head of the organization department of
                        the Party Committee of the Company. He has been the secretary to the Board of the Company
                        since April 2017, a member of the Executive Committee of the Company since December 2019
                        and a member of the Party Committee of the Company since July 2022, with a term of office in
                        current session of the senior management from January 2026 to January 2029.
                        Master of control science and engineering. He joined the Company in September 2007, and
                        once served as the deputy general manager of the head office of brokerage business, deputy
          Chen          general manager of the internet finance department (in charge of work), and general manager
          Tianxiang     of the internet finance department of the Company, etc. He has been a member of the Executive
                        Committee of the Company since February 2020, with a term of office in current session of the
                        senior management from January 2026 to January 2029.
                        Master of accounting and an accountant. She once worked at Industrial and Commercial
                        Bank of China Beijing Branch as well as the accounting department of Ministry of Finance ( 財
                        政部會計司 ). She once served as a deputy inspector and deputy director of the accounting
          Jiao Xiaoning department of the CSRC, etc. She joined the Company in January 2020. She has been the
                        chief financial officer of the Company since March 2020, and a member of the Executive
                        Committee of the Company since January 2026, with a term of office in current session of
                        the senior management from January 2026 to January 2029.
                        Master of international business and banking management. He joined the Company in July
                        2013, and once served as the general manager of the Securities Branch in Fanggong Road,
                        Jiaxing, the general manager of the Securities Branch in Jiefang East Road, Hangzhou, and
                        the general manager of Taizhou Branch of the Company, etc. He has served as the general
          Wang Yujie    manager of Beijing Branch of the Company since January 2022. He served as the assistant
                        to the chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company from February 2024 to January
                        2026. He has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Company since January
                        2026, with a term of office in current session of the senior management from January 2026
                        to January 2029.
                        Doctor of finance. He was once the director of the council office and deputy director of
                        executive office, director of CPC Committee Office, director of the supervisory board office,
                        director of Beijing center and general manager of membership department of the Shanghai
          Jiao Kai      Stock Exchange, etc. He joined the Company in December 2019 serving as the general legal
                        counsel of the Company, and has been the chief compliance officer and general legal
                        counsel of the Company since February 2020, with a term of office in current session of the
                        senior management from January 2026 to January 2029.
                     Master of computer and finance. He once worked at the treasury department/global
                     financial marketing department of Bank of China, the London Branch of Bank of China, JP
                     Morgan (UK) and China International Capital Corporation (UK) Limited ( 中 國 國 際 金 融 有
          Wang Chong 限公司 ( 英國 )). He joined the Company in December 2014, and once served as the general
                     manager of the risk management department of the Company. He has been the chief risk
                     officer of the Company since March 2017, with a term of office in current session of the senior
                     management from January 2026 to January 2029.




124
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Name           Primary work experience
               Bachelor of statistics. She joined the Company in August 1994, and once served as the
               compensation and benefits manager of the human resources department, the assistant
               to the general manager of the human resources department and the deputy general
               manager of the human resources department of the Company, etc. She has been the
Sun Yan        general manager of the human resources department and head of the organization
               department of the Party Committee of the Company since March 2019; and the director of
               human resources of the Company since December 2022. She has been a member of the
               Party Committee of the Company since October 2023, with a term of office in current session
               of the senior management from January 2026 to January 2029.
                                                                                                                      About Us

(II) Employment of Directors and Senior Management at Present and Those Retired
during the Reporting Period

1. Employment at the Shareholders’ companies

                   Name of the                                       Commencement


                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Name of            Shareholder’s                                     of the term of      Expiration of the
employee           companies               Position                  office              term of office


                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                   Jiangsu                 Chief accountant,
Yu Lanying         Communications          member of the Party       August 28, 2023     –
                   Holding Co., Ltd.       Committee
                                           Deputy general
                                           manager, member of        August 14, 2020     –
                   Govtor Capital Group
Ke Xiang                                   the Party Committee
                   Co., Ltd.
                                                                                         September 22,
                                           General legal counsel     November 11, 2020




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                         2025
                   Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Vice president, member
Jin Yongfu                                                      August 28, 2023          –
                   Group Co., Ltd.       of the Party Committee
                   Jiangsu Jincai          Party branch secretary,
Chen Jianwei                                                         June 24, 2024       –
                   Investment Co., Ltd.    chairman
Explanation of the
employment at
                   Nil
the Shareholders’
Companies




                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                             125
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Employment at other companies

                                                                                      Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                     of the term of the term of
          employee    Name of other companies                      Position           office         office
                                                              Secretary of the
                      Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投                                           November 26,
                                                              party committee         March 21, 2022
                      資集團有限公司 )                                                                         2025
                                                              and chairman
                      Jiangsu Purple Gold Cultural Industry
                      Investment Fund Phase II ( 江蘇紫金文化產業 Vice chairman               May 25, 2022      –
                      二期投資基金 )
                                                                 Deputy chairman
                      Jiangsu Purple Gold Cultural Industry      and designated
                      Development Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 江 representative  June 28, 2022          –
          Wang        蘇紫金文化產業發展基金 ( 有限合夥 ))                      of the managing
          Huiqing                                                partner
                      Jiangsu Addor Equity Investment Fund
                      Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達股權投資基             Director           April 25, 2023    –
                      金管理有限公司 )
                      Jiangsu Strategic and Emerging Industries    Chairman
                                                                                      September 19,
                      Parent Fund Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省戰略性新興產業           and legal                            –
                                                                                      2023
                      母基金有限公司 )                                    representative
                      Jiangsu Gaotou Zhanxin Private Equity Fund Chairman
                                                                                      December 2,
                      Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高投戰新私募基 and legal                                        –
                                                                                      2023
                      金管理有限公司 )                                  representative
                      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)                           November 28,
                                                                   Director                             –
                      Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 )                                  2006
                      CSOP Asset Management Limited ( 南方東英                            November 7,
                                                           Chairman                                     –
                      資產管理有限公司 )                                                      2017
                      China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                Chairman              May 27, 2022      –
          Zhou Yi     ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )
                                                                                      September 20,
                      Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited   Director                         –
                                                                                      2022
                      Huatai Securities Japan Preparation Co.,
                                                                                      February 25,
                      Ltd. (Huatai Securities Japan Preparation    Director                             –
                                                                                      2026
                      Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券日本準備株式會社 )
                      Jiangsu Guoxin Credit Financing Guarantee                                         September 17,
                                                                Director              August 12, 2019
                      Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省國信信用融資擔保有限公司 )                                                     2025
                      Zking Property & Casualty Insurance Co.,                        February 20,
                                                                   Director                             –
                      Ltd. ( 紫金財產保險股份有限公司 )                                           2021
                                                                                      February 8,
                      Lian Life Co., Ltd. ( 利安人壽股份有限公司 )           Director                             –
          Ding Feng                                                                   2023
                                                                   Deputy secretary
                                                                   of the party       December 19,
                      Jiangsu International Trust Corporation                                           –
                                                                   committee,         2024
                      Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )
                                                                   director
                                                                   General manager March 18, 2025 –




126
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                            Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                     of the term of the term of
employee     Name of other companies                     Position           office         office
                                                         Chairman of
             Jiangsu Salt Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省                    December 3,
                                                         the supervisory                    June 12, 2025
             鹽業集團有限責任公司 )                                                   2018
                                                         committee
             Jiangsu Jinsuzheng Investment and
                                                                            December 3,
             Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金蘇證投資發展有 Director                                    –
                                                                            2018
             限公司 )
             Jiangsu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金融
                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                            February 7,
                                                        Director                            –
Yu Lanying   租賃股份有限公司 )                                                     2024
             Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限
                                                         Director           May 17, 2024    –
             公司 )
                                                     Chairman of
             Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省鐵路
                                                     the supervisory        June 21, 2024   July 10, 2025
             集團有限公司 )
                                                     committee
             Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省鐵路
                                                     Director               July 10, 2025   –
             集團有限公司 )
             Jiangsu Addor Huijing Asset Management
                                                         Director
                                                                            November 4,     September             Operating Analysis
             Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達匯景資產管理有限公司 )

                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                                                            2020            24, 2025
             Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co., Ltd. Director, general    December 8,
                                                                                            –
Ke Xiang     ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )                          manager              2020
             Jiangsu Fenghai New Energy Seawater
                                                                            December 18,
             Desalination Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇豐    Director                           –
                                                                            2020
             海新能源淡化海水發展有限公司 )
             Jiangsu International Trust Corporation
Jin Yongfu                                               Director           July 29, 2025   –
             Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
             National Green Development Fund Co., Ltd.
                                                         Director           May 10, 2024    –
             ( 國家綠色發展基金股份有限公司 )
             Jiangsu Investment Fund Industry
                                                         Vice president     May 10, 2024    –
             Association ( 江蘇省投資基金業協會 )
                                                         Representative of
             Advanced Manufacturing Industry                               May 10, 2024     –
                                                         partner
             Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 先
             進製造產業投資基金 ( 有限合夥 ))
                                                                            August 29,
                                                         Director                           –
                                                                            2024
             Advanced Manufacturing Industry




                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
             Investment Fund Phase II (Limited
                                                         Director           May 10, 2024    –
Chen         Partnership) ( 先進製造產業投資基金二期 ( 有
Jianwei      限合夥 ))




                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                                                         Appointed
             Jiangsu Government Investment Fund
                                                         representative
             (Limited Partnership) ( 江蘇省政府投資基金                              May 10, 2024    –
                                                         of the executive
             ( 有限合夥 ))
                                                         partner
                                                         Appointed
             Jiangsu Jiequan Service Trade Industry
                                                         representative
             Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 江                      May 10, 2024    –
                                                         of the executive
             蘇疌泉服務貿易產業投資基金 ( 有限合夥 ))
                                                         partner
             Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權                       February 5,
                                                      Chairman                              –
             交易中心有限責任公司 )                                                   2026




                                                                                                            127
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                   Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                  of the term of the term of
          employee     Name of other companies                    Position         office         office
                       Changshu Feifan Metalwork Co., Ltd. ( 常熟   Independent
                                                                                   April 15, 2021   –
                       非凡新材股份有限公司 )                               director
                       Law School of Nanjing University           Professor        May 1, 2021      –
                       Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. ( 通富微電   Independent      December 16,
          Wang                                                                                      –
                       子股份有限公司 )                                  director         2021
          Jianwen
                       Nanjing Xinjiekou Department Store Co., Ltd. Independent    January 17,
                                                                                                    –
                       ( 南京新街口百貨商店股份有限公司 )                          director       2023
                       Trinapower Co., Ltd. ( 天合富家能源股份有限公 Independent
                                                                                   April 23, 2023   July 14, 2025
                       司)                                 director
                                                                                   December 31,
                                                                  Professor                         –
                                                                                   2010
                       Business School of Nanjing University
          Wang                                                                     November 30,
                                                                  Deputy dean                       –
          Quansheng                                                                2020
                       Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. ( 南京鋼鐵股份有 Independent
                                                                                   June 30, 2022    –
                       限公司 )                                    director
                       Law School of Peking University            Professor        April 1, 2000    –
          Peng Bing                                               Independent      January 27,
                       Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd.                                                    –
                                                                  director         2025
                       Kuangda Technology Group Co. Ltd. ( 曠達     Independent                       January 7,
                                                                                   May 12, 2020
                       科技集團股份有限公司 )                               director                          2026
                       Jiangsu Jiuwu High-Tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇久吾 Independent
          Wang Bing                                                                June 20, 2022    –
                       高科技股份有限公司 )                              director
                       Department of Accounting of the Business                    December 31,
                                                                  Professor                         –
                       School of Nanjing University                                2022
                                                                  Non-executive    December 28,
                       Insurance Authority (Hong Kong)                                              –
          Lo Kin Wing                                             director         2021
          Terry       CITIC-Prudential Life Insurance Company     Independent      February 2,
                                                                                                    –
                      Limited ( 中信保誠人壽保險有限公司 )                    director         2026
                       Huatai International Financial Holdings
                                                                                   October 2,
                       Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公              Director                          –
                                                                                   2024
                       司)
          Han
          Zhencong
                       Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)      Chief Information November 7,
                                                                                                    –
                       Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 )             Officer           2025
                       Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限
          Jiang Jian                                              Director         May 16, 2012     –
                       公司 )
                       China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.                   October 18,
          Zhang Hui                                              Director                           –
                       ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )                                            2016
                       Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
          Chen
                       Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director              March 30, 2018 –
          Tianxiang
                       管理有限公司 )




128
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                              Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                       of the term of the term of
employee    Name of other companies                      Position             office         office
            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
            Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director                    August 10, 2020 –
            管理有限公司 )
Jiao        Huatai International Financial Holdings
                                                                              October 2,
Xiaoning    Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公                Director                              –
                                                                              2024
            司)


                                                                                                                        About Us
            Huatai Securities Japan Preparation Co.,                          February 25,
                                                         Supervisor                            –
            Ltd. ( 華泰證券日本準備株式會社 )                                             2026
           Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
Wang Yujie Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director                     March 13, 2025   –
           管理有限公司 )
            Huatai International Financial Holdings
                                                                              February 28,
            Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公                Director                              –
                                                                              2018
            司)


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                         Chief risk officer   July 30, 2018    –
            Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 )
Wang
Chong


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                                              September 28,
            Huatai Securities USA Holdings, Inc.         Director                           –
                                                                              2018
                                                                              September 28,
            Huatai Securities (USA), Inc.                Director                           –
                                                                              2018
                                                 Deputy secretary
                                                                              September 27,
                                                 of the party                                  –
Liu       Jiangsu Port Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省港口集團                              2024
                                                 committee
Changchun 有限公司 )




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                                                              December 3,
                                                         Director                              –
                                                                              2024
            Shanxi Jinbo Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.    Independent                           September 9,
                                                                              March 12, 2020
            ( 山西錦波生物醫藥股份有限公司 )                           director                              2025
            Gkht (Beijing) Medical Technology Co., Ltd. ( 國 Independent       December 12,
                                                                                               July 24, 2025
            科恒泰 ( 北京 ) 醫療科技股份有限公司 )                         director          2022
Zhang                                                    General manager
Jinxin      Chengtong Fund Management Company            of the research
                                                                         June 5, 2023          July 1, 2025
            Limited ( 誠通基金管理有限公司 )                       and planning
                                                         department
            Beijing Chengyang Investment Co., Ltd. ( 北



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                       Chief Economist        July 2, 2025     –
            京誠暘投資有限公司 )
Explanation
of other    Nil



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
jobs




                                                                                                               129
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                                                                                          Currency: RMB


                                       The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible
                                       for advising the Board on the remuneration structure and policies of the
           Decision-making
                                       Directors and senior management of the Company. Matters relating to the
           procedures for the
                                       remuneration of Directors shall be determined at the general meeting; and
           remuneration of directors
                                       matters relating to the remuneration of and reward and punishment of senior
           and senior management
                                       management shall be determined by the Board in accordance with relevant
                                       policies.

           Whether the Director
           abstains from discussion
                                       Yes
           on his/her remuneration
           at the Board meeting

           Recommendation on           On March 27, 2026, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the
           salaries of the Director    seventh session of the Board of the Company considered and approved the
           and senior management       Report on Performance Assessment and Remuneration of the Directors of the
           from the Remuneration       Company for 2025 and the Report on Performance of Duties, Performance
           and Appraisal Committee     Assessment and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company
           or the special meeting of   for 2025 at its 2026 first meeting, and agreed to submit these two resolutions
           the independent Directors   to the Board of the Company for consideration.

                                       The external Directors do not receive remuneration from the Company;
                                       standard of remuneration of the independent Directors is determined
                                       with reference to that of the listed peers and based on actual situation
           The basis for determining   of the Company; and remuneration of internal Directors is determined
           the remuneration of the     in accordance with the relevant policies of regulatory authorities and
           Directors and senior        the remuneration assessment system of the Company. Remuneration
           management                  of the senior management applies to the relevant policies of regulatory
                                       authorities and the remuneration assessment system of the Company, and
                                       is determined in accordance with the job responsibilities and the result of
                                       annual performance, which is linked to position and performance.

           Actual payments of
                                       Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
           remuneration of the
                                       current and resigned Directors and senior management during the Reporting
           Directors and senior
                                       Period” in this report for details.
           management

           Total remuneration
           actually received by        Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
           all Directors and senior    current and resigned Directors and senior management during the Reporting
           management at the end       Period” in this report for details.
           of the Reporting Period




130
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                              In accordance with the regulations such as the Management Measures
                              for the Assessment and Remuneration of Professional Managers of Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. and the Management Measures for the Assessment and
                              Remuneration of Senior Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. considered
                              and approved by the Board, the Company duly organized and carried out
                              relevant work of senior management assessment. The Remuneration and
Basis for assessment and
                              Appraisal Committee under the Board has considered and determined the
implementation status
                              2025 annual assessment targets for the Company’s senior management
of actual remuneration
                              and conducted the assessment. Based on the overall performance of
received by all Directors
                              the Company in 2025 and the performance of each senior management
                                                                                                                      About Us
and senior management
                              member, the overall performance of the Company’s senior management
at the end of the Reporting
                              in 2025 was good and met the requirements of the Board. The Directors of
Period
                              the Company strictly abide by the relevant provisions of national laws and
                              regulations and the Articles of Association, conscientiously, prudently and
                              diligently perform their job responsibilities, and properly conducted the
                              work of the Board and operation management of the Company. In 2025,
                              the development trend and industry position of the Company remained
                              generally stable.


                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Deferred payment
arrangements for the          For Directors and senior management who receive remuneration from the


                                                                                                                    and Strategies
actual remuneration of        Company, more than 40% of their performance-based remuneration shall
all directors and senior      be deferred, and the deferred amount shall be distributed equally over three
management at the end         years.
of the reporting period

Clawback Status for actual
remuneration received
by all Directors and senior   Nil




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
management at the end
of the Reporting Period



(IV) Changes in Directors and Senior Management

Name            Position                             Change       Reason for Change

Wang Huiqing Chairman                                Elected      Re-election

Yu Lanying      Non-executive director               Elected      Re-election




                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
Jin Yongfu      Non-executive director               Elected      Work adjustment

Chen Jianwei    Non-executive director               Elected      Re-election




                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
                Executive director                   Elected      Work adjustment
Wang Ying
                Employee representative Director     Elected      Re-election

                Member of Executive Committee,
Jiao Xiaoning                                        Appointed    Re-election
                Chief Financial Officer

Wang Yujie      Member of Executive Committee        Appointed    Re-election

Zhang Wei       Chairman                             Resigned     Re-election

Chen
                Non-executive director               Resigned     Re-election
Zhongyang




                                                                                                             131
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name                Position                                          Change           Reason for Change

          Liu
                              Non-executive director                            Resigned         Work adjustment
          Changchun

          Zhang Jinxin        Non-executive director                            Resigned         Re-election

          Yin Lihong          Executive Director                                Resigned         Work adjustment

          Sun Hanlin          Member of Executive Committee                     Resigned         Re-election

          Note:
          Pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, each of Mr. Wang Huiqing, Ms. Yu Lanying and Mr. Chen Jianwei has obtained legal
          opinions on January 12, 2026, each of Ms. Wang Ying and Mr. Jin Yongfu has obtained legal opinions on June 10, 2025, and confirmed that they
          understood their obligations as Directors of the Company.
          Save for the above disclosures, the Company did not appoint or dismiss any Director or senior management during the Reporting Period.
          Meanwhile, there has been no change in the information about the Directors and chief executives which shall be disclosed pursuant to Rule
          13.51(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



          (V) As of the end of the Reporting Period, none of the incumbent Directors and senior
          management or Directors, Supervisors or senior management who left office during
          the Reporting Period had been subject to any penalty imposed by the securities
          regulatory authorities during the last three years.



          VI. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF DIRECTORS

          (I) ATTENDANCE OF DIRECTORS AT BOARD MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS

                                                                                                                                        Attendance
                                                                        Attendance at Board meetings                                     at general
                                                                                                                                          meetings
                               Whether an
          Name of                            Times of                                                                   Whether
                             independent
          Director                        attendance                                                                     absent            Number
                                 Director                              Attendance
                                             at Board Attendance                  Attendance                           from two          of general
                                                                      by means of                           Absence
                                            meetings     in person                   by proxy                       consecutive           meetings
                                                                   teleconference
                                           during the                                                               meetings in           attended
                                                 year                                                                    person

          Wang
                                         No              –              –                –             –            –               –              –
          Huiqing

          Zhou Yi                        No               7              7               3             –            –             No               –

          Ding Feng                      No               7              7               3             –            –             No               6

          Yu Lanying                     No               –             –                –             –            –               –              –

          Ke Xiang                       No               7              7               3             –            –             No                3

          Jin Yongfu                     No               4             4                2             –            –             No               –

          Chen
                                         No               –             –                –             –            –               –              –
          Jianwei

          Wang Ying                      No               4             4                2             –            –             No                1

          Wang
                                        Yes               7             6                3              1           –             No               6
          Jianwen

          Wang
                                        Yes               7              7               3             –            –             No               6
          Quansheng




132
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                               Attendance
                                                              Attendance at Board meetings                                      at general
                                                                                                                                 meetings
                     Whether an
Name of                            Times of                                                                    Whether
                   independent
Director                        attendance                                                                      absent            Number
                       Director                              Attendance
                                   at Board Attendance                  Attendance                            from two          of general
                                                            by means of                            Absence
                                  meetings     in person                   by proxy                        consecutive           meetings
                                                         teleconference
                                 during the                                                                meetings in           attended
                                       year                                                                     person

Peng Bing                     Yes               7              6               3               1           –             No                3

Wang Bing                     Yes               7              6               3               1           –             No               6

Lo Kin Wing
                              Yes               7              7               3              –            –             No               6              About Us
Terry

Zhang Wei
                               No               7              7               3              –            –             No               6
(resigned)

Chen
Zhongyang                      No               7              4               3              3            –            Yes               5
(resigned)


                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Liu
Changchun                      No               3               1               1             2            –            Yes               –


                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
(resigned)

Zhang Jinxin
                               No               7              6               3               1           –             No                3
(resigned)

Yin Lihong
                               No               –              –               –              –            –               –              –
(resigned)




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Number of Board meetings held within the year                                                                                              7

Of which: Number of on-site meetings                                                                                                      –

            Number of meetings held by teleconference                                                                                      3

            Number of meetings held on-site and via teleconference                                                                         4

Note: During the Reporting Period, Mr. Chen Zhongyang and Mr. Liu Changchun failed to attend the Board meetings in person for two consecutive
times due to business engagement but appointed other Directors in writing to exercise the voting rights on their behalf.




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
(II) No Objections Raised by Directors to Relevant Matters of the Company During
the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
(III) Others

1. Board of Directors and the Operation Management

(1) Composition of the Board

According to the relevant regulations of the Articles of Association, the Board shall be composed of 13
Directors, with independent directors accounting for at least one-third of the total. On December 30, 2022,
as elected at the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, and according to the election by
the congress of workers and staff of the Company, the Company formed the sixth session of the Board. As
of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 13 members in the Board, including 3 executive Directors (Mr.
Zhang Wei, Mr. Zhou Yi and Ms. Wang Ying), 5 non-executive Directors (Mr. Ding Feng, Mr. Chen Zhongyang,




                                                                                                                                                133
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Mr. Ke Xiang, Mr. Jin Yongfu and Mr. Zhang Jinxin) and 5 independent non-executive Directors (Mr. Wang
          Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang Bing and Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry).

          On January 23, 2026, as elected at the 2026 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, and
          according to the election by the congress of workers and staff of the Company, the Company formed the
          seventh session of the Board. As of the date of this report, there were 13 members in the Board, including 3
          executive Directors (Mr. Wang Huiqing, Mr. Zhou Yi and Ms. Wang Ying), 5 non-executive Directors (Mr. Ding
          Feng, Ms. Yu Lanying, Mr. Ke Xiang, Mr. Jin Yongfu and Mr. Chen Jianwei) and 5 independent non-executive
          Directors (Mr. Wang Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang Bing and Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry).

          The Directors are elected or changed via the general meeting and shall formally take office from the date
          on which their appointments are approved by the general meeting. A Director shall serve a term of three
          years. Directors are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of their terms. However, the successive terms
          of independent non-executive Directors may not be more than 6 years. According to relevant regulations
          of Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has received the annual written confirmation
          from each independent non-executive Director with regards to his/her independence. Based on these
          confirmations and the relevant information available to the Board, the Company continues to confirm their
          independence.

          The Company covered liability insurance for Directors and senior management and other related staff held
          responsible according to the authorization of the 2014 Annual General Meeting, to protect them from the
          compensation liabilities that may arise from performing their duties and to reasonably avoid management
          risk and legal risk which the Directors and senior management may be exposed to, and to encourage them
          to earnestly fulfill their duties and responsibilities.

          (2) Duties and Responsibilities of the Board

          The Board shall exercise the following functions and powers as stipulated in the Articles of Association: to
          convene general meetings and report work to general meetings; to carry out the resolutions of the general
          meetings; to resolve on the business and investment plans of the Company; to prepare profit distribution
          plan and loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate proposals of the Company on increasing or
          decreasing the registered capital, issuing bonds or other securities and the listing plan; to formulate plans
          for material acquisition, purchase of shares of the Company, merger, division, dissolution or transformation
          of the Company; to determine, within the authority granted by the general meeting, such matters as
          external investment, acquisition and disposal of assets, asset mortgage, external guarantee, entrusted
          wealth management, related-party transactions, external donations, etc.; to decide on the establishment
          of the Company’s internal management organizations; to determine the appointment or dismissal of the
          senior management of the Company, and to decide the matters on their remuneration and rewards as
          well as penalties; to set up the basic management system of the Company; to formulate the proposals
          for any amendment to the Articles of Association; to manage the Company’s information disclosure; to be
          responsible for the strategic decision of the objectives and planning of cultural construction, and direct
          the Company to strengthen its cultural construction; to propose to the general meeting the appointment
          or replacement of the accounting firms which provide audit services for the Company; to listen to the
          work reports of the Executive Committee and review its work; to decide the Company’s compliance
          management objectives and assume the responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management,
          including but not limited to: considering and approving the basic system for compliance management
          and the annual compliance report, evaluating the effectiveness of compliance management, urging
          to solve problems in compliance management, establishing the mechanism for direct communication
          with the chief compliance officer, guaranteeing the chief compliance officer’s assessment on the senior
          management, various departments and branches, subsidiaries at all levels, Compliance Department
          and compliance management personnel; to formulate the integrity management objectives and overall
          requirements, and assume responsibility for the effectiveness of integrity management; to determine
          ethical conduct management objectives and assume responsibility for the effectiveness of ethical
          conduct management; to bear ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management, establish a risk
          management philosophy appropriate to the Company, and comprehensively advance the development
          of the Company’s risk culture; to review and approve the Company’s risk management strategy and




134
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
promote its effective implementation in the Company’s operations and management; to review and
approve the Company’s fundamental systems for comprehensive risk management; review and approve
the Company’s risk appetite, risk tolerance, and major risk limits; to review the Company’s periodic risk
assessment reports; and to establish a direct communication mechanism with the chief risk officer; to
determine Directors’ remunerations and distribution plan thereof; to decide to purchase Company’s shares
due to the circumstances specified in the Articles of Association; and to exercise other functions and powers
authorized by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules, the Articles of Association or the General
Meeting.

(3) Duties and Responsibilities of the Operation Management

The operation management is responsible for the concrete implementation of the development strategies                     About Us
and policies passed by the Board as well as the daily operation and management of the Company.
The Executive Committee is the supreme operation management body established by the Company
for implementation of the routes and policies determined by the Board, and shall exercise the following
functions and powers according to the Articles of Association: to carry out Company’s operation policies
determined by the Board and decide on material matters during the operation and management of the
Company; to formulate the profit distribution plan and loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate
the registered capital change plans and bonds issuance plans of the Company; to formulate plans for


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
merger, division, change and dissolution of the Company; to formulate Company’s business plans and
plans for investment, financing and disposal of assets, and report to the Board for approval according to



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
authorization; to formulate specific implementation plans for risk appetite, risk tolerance, and major risk
limits; to conduct regular assessments of the Company’s overall risk profile and the management status
of various key risks; to resolve issues in risk management and report to the Board; to formulate Company’s
plan for establishment of internal management bodies; to deploy and implement various works for cultural
construction; to prepare and approve the employee benefits plans and promotion and demotion plans;
and to exercise other functions and powers authorized by the Board.

(4) Implementation by the Board of Resolutions Passed at General Meetings




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
1) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on Extension of the Validity Period of the General Mandate
to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing Instruments of the Company was considered and approved
at the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting. Pursuant to the aforementioned resolutions, and upon
approval by the CSRC in its Approval for the Registration of Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued by Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2024] No. 416), the Company publicly issued
a total of five tranches of corporate bonds during the Reporting Period, with a total issuance amount of
RMB20.0 billion.

2) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on Extension of the Validity Period of the General Mandate
to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing Instruments of the Company was considered and approved



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
at the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting. Pursuant to the aforementioned resolutions, and upon
approval by the CSRC in its Registration of Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2025] No. 1342), the Company publicly issued a total of eight
tranches of corporate bonds during the Reporting Period, including five new issuances and three follow-on
issuances, with a total issuance amount of RMB40.0 billion.

3) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on Extension of the Validity Period of the General Mandate
to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing Instruments of the Company was considered and approved
at the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting. Pursuant to the aforementioned resolutions, and upon
approval by the Shanghai Stock Exchange in its Letter Regarding No Objection to the Listing and Transfer of




                                                                                                                 135
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Corporate Bonds Non-publicly Issued by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2025] No. 1679), the
          Company non-publicly issued a total of three tranches of corporate bonds during the Reporting Period, with
          a total issuance amount of RMB10.0 billion.

          4) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. Pursuant to the resolution, and upon approval by the CSRC in its Approval for the
          Registration of Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional
          Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023] No. 414), the Company publicly issued one tranche of short-term
          corporate bonds during the Reporting Period, with a total issuance amount of RMB3.2 billion.

          5) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on Extension of the Validity Period of the General Mandate
          to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing Instruments of the Company was considered and approved
          at the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting. Pursuant to the aforementioned resolutions, and upon
          approval by the CSRC in its Approval for the Registration of Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued by
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2025] No. 589), the Company publicly
          issued a total of eleven tranches of short-term corporate bonds during the Reporting Period, including eight
          new issuances and three follow-on issuances, with a total issuance amount of RMB45.0 billion.

          6) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on Extension of the Validity Period of the General Mandate
          to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing Instruments of the Company was considered and approved
          at the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting. Pursuant to the aforementioned resolutions, and upon
          approval by the CSRC in its Approval for the Registration of Subordinated Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued by
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2024] No. 1109), the Company publicly
          issued a total of six tranches of subordinated corporate bonds during the Reporting Period, with a total
          issuance amount of RMB12.5 billion.

          7) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. Pursuant to the resolution, and upon approval by the CSRC in its Approval for the
          Registration of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to
          Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023] No. 1537), the Company publicly issued a total of one tranche
          of perpetual subordinated corporate bonds during the Reporting Period, with a total issuance amount of
          RMB5.0 billion.

          8) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on Extension of the Validity Period of the General Mandate
          to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing Instruments of the Company was considered and approved
          at the Company’s 2022 annual general meeting. Pursuant to the aforementioned resolutions, and upon
          approval by the Securities and Fund Institution Supervision Department of the CSRC in its Supervisory
          Opinion Letter on Issuance of Science and Technology Innovation Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Ji
          Gou Si Han [2025] No. 375) and the People’s Bank of China in its Decision on Granting Administrative Permit
          (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2025] No. 77), the Company publicly issued a total of one tranche of science and
          technology innovation bonds during the Reporting Period, with a total issuance amount of RMB1.0 billion.

          9) On June 20, 2025, the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares by
          the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting, the 2025 First
          A Share class meeting, and the 2025 First H Share class meeting. Pursuant to this resolution, the Company
          completed the repurchase and cancellation of 438,495 A-share restricted shares during the Reporting
          Period.

          10) On June 20, 2025, the Resolution on the 2024 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company was considered




136
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
and approved at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company. According to the resolution, during
the Reporting Period, the 2024 profit distribution of the Company was made by way of cash dividends, and
the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.37 (tax inclusive) per share based on the Company’s total
share capital of 9,027,302,281 shares prior to the implementation of the plan, with the total cash dividend
of RMB3,340,101,843.97 (tax inclusive). During the Reporting Period, the profit distribution plan has been
completed.

11) On June 20, 2025, the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the
Company for 2025 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting. For
details of the actual performance of ordinary transactions with related parties of the Company during the


                                                                                                                            About Us
Reporting Period according to the resolution, please refer to “Major Related-party Transactions” under “Major
Events” in this report.

12) On June 20, 2025, the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount of the Company’s Proprietary
Business for 2025 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting. According
to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, related business indicators of the Company were controlled
within the authorized scope of the shareholders’ general meeting.

13) On June 20, 2025, the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms of the Company was
considered and approved at the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting. According to the resolution,


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
during the Reporting Period, the Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP to handle 2025 annual financial statements and internal control auditing services for the Company and


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
its holding subsidiaries, and to issue the audit report of A shares, internal control audit report and GDR audit
report; the Company also appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for auditing services of H Shares for the
Company, and to issue the audit report of H Shares.

14) On October 17, 2025, the Resolution on the 2025 Interim Profit Distribution Plan of the Company was
considered and approved at the 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. According to
the resolution, during the Reporting Period, the 2025 profit distribution of the Company was made by way of
cash dividends, and the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) per share based on




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
the Company’s total share capital of 9,026,863,786 shares prior to the implementation of the plan, with the
total cash dividend of RMB1,354,029,567.90 (tax inclusive). During the Reporting Period, the profit distribution
plan has been completed.

15) On October 17, 2025, Resolution on the Matters Related to the Dissolution of the Supervisory Committee
was considered and approved at the 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. Pursuant
to this resolution, during the Reporting Period, the Company discontinued the Supervisory Committee. The
Audit Committee of the Board shall exercise the powers of the Supervisory Committee as stipulated by laws
and regulations. Concurrently, the Rules of Procedures for the Supervisory Committee of Huatai Securities
Co., Ltd. were repealed, and the Office of the Supervisory Committee was dissolved.

(5) Training of Directors



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
The Company attaches great importance to the ongoing training of Directors, to ensure that the Directors
form an appropriate understanding of the operation of the Company and its business and they understand




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
their duties and responsibilities as directors as required by the CSRC, the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and as stipulated in the Articles of Association and other relevant laws and
regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Directors attached great importance
to updating professional knowledge and skills, to adapt to the needs of the development of the Company.
In addition to participation in regular trainings held by regulatory organizations and self-regulatory
organizations and complete required ongoing trainings, the Office of the Board also prepared the Work
Newsletter of the Company regularly and sent it to the Directors to enable them to understand the latest
policies and regulations and industrial trends and enhance their knowledge and understanding of the
culture and operation of the Company. In addition, the Company continuously improved the internal work
procedures, established the multi-level information communication mechanism, and set up the information
communication platform, in order to ensure the access to information for Directors to perform their duties
and constantly improve their overall performance capability.




                                                                                                                   137
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date, the main trainings of the Directors of the
          Company were as follows:


          Director                                                                                           Training
          Name       Date          Organizer           Content                                               Location

                                                       Guidelines on Corporate Governance for the Board
                                                       of Directors and Directors
                                                       Guidelines on Directors’ Responsibilities in Valuation
          Wang                                         of Corporate Transactions                              Nanjing,
                     2026-1-12     Clifford Chance
          Huiqing                                      Memorandum on Directors’ Responsibilities under        Jiangsu
                                                       Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
                                                       Memorandum on Related Party transactions and
                                                       Notifiable Transactions

                                                      Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                                   Jiangsu Securities                                                        Nanjing,
                     2025-2-5                         Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                                   Regulatory Bureau                                                         Jiangsu
                                                      Companies

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-5-27     Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-7-29     Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                   China Association
                                                     Specialized training on “Listed Companies’              Nanjing,
                     2025-11-30    for Public
          Zhou Yi                                    Violations of Laws and Regulations”                     Jiangsu
                                   Companies

                                   Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates         Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23
                                   Co., Ltd.           Training                                              Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities                                                         Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23                        Director’s Guide to Integrity Practices
                                   Co., Ltd.                                                                 Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities                                                         Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23                        2025 Global ESG Policy Overview Training
                                   Co., Ltd.                                                                 Jiangsu

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-12-26    Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                                      Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                                   Jiangsu Securities                                                        Nanjing,
                     2025-2-5                         Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                                   Regulatory Bureau                                                         Jiangsu
                                                      Companies

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-5-27     Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-7-29     Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu
          Ding
                                   Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates         Nanjing,
          Feng       2025-12-23
                                   Co., Ltd.           Training                                              Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities                                                         Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23                        Director Integrity Practice Guide
                                   Co., Ltd.                                                                 Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy            Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23
                                   Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                     Jiangsu

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-12-26    Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu




138
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Director                                                                                          Training
Name       Date         Organizer           Content                                               Location

                                           Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                        Jiangsu Securities                                                        Nanjing,
           2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                        Regulatory Bureau                                                         Jiangsu
                                           Companies

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
           2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,

                                                                                                                       About Us
           2025-7-29    Clifford Chance
Yu                                          Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu
Lanying                                     Guidelines on Corporate Governance for the Board
                                            of Directors and Directors
                                            Guidelines on Directors’ Responsibilities in Valuation
                                            of Corporate Transactions                              Nanjing,
           2026-1-12    Clifford Chance
                                            Memorandum on Directors’ Responsibilities under        Jiangsu
                                            Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
                                            Memorandum on Related Party transactions and


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                            Notifiable Transactions

                                           Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                        Jiangsu Securities                                                        Nanjing,
           2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                        Regulatory Bureau                                                         Jiangsu
                                           Companies

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
           2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
           2025-7-29    Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Ke Xiang                Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates         Nanjing,
           2025-12-23
                        Co., Ltd.           Training                                              Jiangsu

                        Huatai Securities                                                         Nanjing,
           2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                        Co., Ltd.                                                                 Jiangsu

                        Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy            Nanjing,
           2025-12-23
                        Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                     Jiangsu

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
           2025-12-26   Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              139
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                          Training
          Name       Date         Organizer           Content                                               Location

                                                     Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                                  Jiangsu Securities                                                        Nanjing,
                     2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                                  Regulatory Bureau                                                         Jiangsu
                                                     Companies

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                                      Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                                      Corporate Governance Guidelines for Boards and
                                                      Directors
                                                      Guidance on Directors’ Responsibilities Regarding
                                                      Valuation in Corporate Transactions                   Nanjing,
                     2025-6-10    Clifford Chance
                                                      Memorandum on directors’ responsibilities under       Jiangsu
                                                      Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
          Jin                                         Memorandum in relation to related-party
          Yongfu                                      transactions and notifiable transactions

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-7-29    Clifford Chance
                                                      Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                  Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates         Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23
                                  Co., Ltd.           Training                                              Jiangsu

                                  Huatai Securities                                                         Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                                  Co., Ltd.                                                                 Jiangsu

                                  Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy            Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23
                                  Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                     Jiangsu

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong    Nanjing,
                     2025-12-26   Clifford Chance
                                                      Kong capital market                                   Jiangsu

                                                      Guidelines on Corporate Governance for the Board
                                                      of Directors and Directors
                                                      Guidelines on Directors’ Responsibilities in Valuation
          Chen                                        of Corporate Transactions                              Nanjing,
                     2026-1-12    Clifford Chance
          Jianwei                                     Memorandum on Directors’ Responsibilities under        Jiangsu
                                                      Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
                                                      Memorandum on Related Party transactions and
                                                      Notifiable Transactions




140
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Director                                                                                         Training
Name       Date         Organizer           Content                                              Location

                                           Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                        Jiangsu Securities                                                       Nanjing,
           2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                        Regulatory Bureau                                                        Jiangsu
                                           Companies

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                            Corporate Governance Guidelines for Boards and


                                                                                                                     About Us
                                            Directors
                                            Guidance on Directors’ Responsibilities Regarding
                                            Valuation in Corporate Transactions                  Nanjing,
           2025-6-10    Clifford Chance
                                            Memorandum on directors’ responsibilities under      Jiangsu
                                            Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
Wang                                        Memorandum in relation to related-party
Ying                                        transactions and notifiable transactions

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-7-29    Clifford Chance


                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                        Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates        Nanjing,
           2025-12-23


                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                        Co., Ltd.           Training                                             Jiangsu

                        Huatai Securities                                                        Nanjing,
           2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                        Co., Ltd.                                                                Jiangsu

                        Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy           Nanjing,
           2025-12-23
                        Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                    Jiangsu

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-12-26   Clifford Chance




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                           Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                        Jiangsu Securities                                                       Nanjing,
           2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                        Regulatory Bureau                                                        Jiangsu
                                           Companies

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-7-29    Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu
Wang
                        Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates        Nanjing,
Jianwen    2025-12-23



                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                        Co., Ltd.           Training                                             Jiangsu

                        Huatai Securities                                                        Nanjing,
           2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                        Co., Ltd.                                                                Jiangsu



                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                        Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy           Nanjing,
           2025-12-23
                        Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                    Jiangsu

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-12-26   Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu




                                                                                                            141
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                         Training
          Name       Date         Organizer           Content                                              Location

                                                     Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                                  Jiangsu Securities                                                       Nanjing,
                     2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                                  Regulatory Bureau                                                        Jiangsu
                                                     Companies

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                     2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                                      Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                     2025-7-29    Clifford Chance
                                                      Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu
          Wang
                                  Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates        Nanjing,
          Quansheng 2025-12-23
                                  Co., Ltd.           Training                                             Jiangsu

                                  Huatai Securities                                                        Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                                  Co., Ltd.                                                                Jiangsu

                                  Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy           Nanjing,
                     2025-12-23
                                  Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                    Jiangsu

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                     2025-12-26   Clifford Chance
                                                      Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                                     Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                                  Jiangsu Securities
                     2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed         Beijing
                                  Regulatory Bureau
                                                     Companies

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong
                     2025-5-27    Clifford Chance                                                          Beijing
                                                      Kong capital market

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong
                     2025-7-29    Clifford Chance                                                          Beijing
                                                      Kong capital market
          Peng
                                  Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates
          Bing       2025-12-23                                                                            Beijing
                                  Co., Ltd.           Training

                                  Huatai Securities
                     2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide                    Beijing
                                  Co., Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy
                     2025-12-23                                                                            Beijing
                                  Co., Ltd.           Overview Training

                                                      Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong
                     2025-12-26   Clifford Chance                                                          Beijing
                                                      Kong capital market




142
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Director                                                                                         Training
Name       Date         Organizer           Content                                              Location

                                           Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                        Jiangsu Securities                                                       Nanjing,
           2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                        Regulatory Bureau                                                        Jiangsu
                                           Companies

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-7-29    Clifford Chance

                                                                                                                     About Us
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu
Wang
                        Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates        Nanjing,
Bing       2025-12-23
                        Co., Ltd.           Training                                             Jiangsu

                        Huatai Securities                                                        Nanjing,
           2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                        Co., Ltd.                                                                Jiangsu

                        Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy           Nanjing,
           2025-12-23
                        Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                    Jiangsu


                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
           2025-12-26   Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu


                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                           Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                        Jiangsu Securities                                                       Hong
           2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                        Regulatory Bureau                                                        Kong
                                           Companies

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Hong
           2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Kong

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Hong
           2025-7-29    Clifford Chance




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Kong
Lo Kin
Wing                    Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates        Hong
           2025-12-23
Terry                   Co., Ltd.           Training                                             Kong

                        Huatai Securities                                                        Hong
           2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                        Co., Ltd.                                                                Kong

                        Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy           Hong
           2025-12-23
                        Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                    Kong

                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Hong
           2025-12-26   Clifford Chance
                                            Kong capital market                                  Kong



                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                            143
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                          Training
          Name        Date         Organizer           Content                                              Location

                                                      Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                                   Jiangsu Securities                                                       Nanjing,
                      2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                                   Regulatory Bureau                                                        Jiangsu
                                                      Companies

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                      2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                   Jiangsu Provincial
                                                      2025 Training Program on High-Quality                 Nanjing,
                      2025-6-30    Association of
                                                      Development for Listed Companies                      Jiangsu
                                   Listed Companies

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                      2025-7-29    Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu
          Zhang
                                   China Association
          Wei                                        Specialized Training on “Listed Companies’             Nanjing,
                      2025-11-30   for Public
                                                     Violations of Laws and Regulations”                    Jiangsu
                                   Companies

                                   Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates        Nanjing,
                      2025-12-23
                                   Co., Ltd.           Training                                             Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities                                                        Nanjing,
                      2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                                   Co., Ltd.                                                                Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy           Nanjing,
                      2025-12-23
                                   Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                    Jiangsu

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                      2025-12-26   Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                                      Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                                   Jiangsu Securities                                                       Nanjing,
                      2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
                                   Regulatory Bureau                                                        Jiangsu
                                                      Companies

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                      2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                      2025-7-29    Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu
          Chen
                                   Huatai Securities   2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates        Nanjing,
          Zhongyang 2025-12-23
                                   Co., Ltd.           Training                                             Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities                                                        Nanjing,
                      2025-12-23                       Director Integrity Practice Guide
                                   Co., Ltd.                                                                Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities   2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy           Nanjing,
                      2025-12-23
                                   Co., Ltd.           Overview Training                                    Jiangsu

                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                      2025-12-26   Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu

                                                      Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                                   Jiangsu Securities                                                       Nanjing,
                      2025-2-5                        Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
          Liu                      Regulatory Bureau                                                        Jiangsu
                                                      Companies
          Changchun
                                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong   Nanjing,
                      2025-5-27    Clifford Chance
                                                       Kong capital market                                  Jiangsu




144
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Director                                                                                            Training
Name       Date          Organizer            Content                                               Location

                                            Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
                         Jiangsu Securities
           2025-2-5                         Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed           Beijing
                         Regulatory Bureau
                                            Companies

                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong
           2025-5-27     Clifford Chance                                                            Beijing
                                              Kong capital market

                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong
           2025-7-29     Clifford Chance                                                            Beijing

                                                                                                                            About Us
                                              Kong capital market
Zhang                    Huatai Securities    2025 Anti-Money Laundering Regulatory Updates
Jinxin     2025-12-23                                                                               Beijing
                         Co., Ltd.            Training

                         Huatai Securities
           2025-12-23                         Director Integrity Practice Guide                     Beijing
                         Co., Ltd.

                         Huatai Securities    2025 Domestic and International ESG Policy
           2025-12-23                                                                               Beijing
                         Co., Ltd.            Overview Training



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                              Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the Hong
           2025-12-26    Clifford Chance                                                            Beijing
                                              Kong capital market



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                            Typical Cases of Listed Companies Violating
Yin                      Jiangsu Securities                                                         Nanjing,
           2025-2-5                         Laws Checklist of Common Violations by Listed
Lihong                   Regulatory Bureau                                                          Jiangsu
                                            Companies




2. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are two different positions, and according to the provisions of the




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Articles of Association, the chairman is the legal representative of the Company, responsible for managing
the operations of the Board, ensuring that the Board acts in compliance with the best interests of the
Company, ensuring the effective operation of the Board, ensuring that the Board has fulfilled its due duties
and discussions about all significant and appropriate matters are held so that Directors get accurate, timely
and explicit data. Chief Executive Officer manages the daily work of the Company, attends Board meetings,
reports to the Board and exercises the functions and powers according to the responsibility scope of the
Chief Executive Officer.

According to provisions of Rule C.2.1 of Corporate Governance Code, the roles of the chairman of the board
and chief executive shall be separate and should not be performed by the same individual at the same
time. On December 30, 2022, the first meeting of the Company’s sixth session of Board elected Mr. Zhang



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Wei as Chairman of the sixth session of the Board and reappointed Mr. Zhou Yi as Chief Executive Officer and
Head of the Executive Committee. On January 23, 2026, the first meeting of the Company’s seventh session
of the Board elected Mr. Wang Huiqing as Chairman of the Seventh Board of Directors, and continued to




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
appoint Mr. Zhou Yi as Chief Executive Officer and Head of the Executive Committee. The Board believes
this management structure is effective and provides sufficient checks and balances for the Company’s
operations.

3. Non-executive director

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 5 non-executive Directors and 5 independent
nonexecutive Directors. For details of their terms of office, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure
and remuneration of current and resigned Directors and Senior Management during the Reporting Period”
under “Directors and Senior Management” under “Corporate Governance, Environment and Society” in this
report.




                                                                                                                   145
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          4. Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors

          (1) Works regarding periodic reports

          In the annual report compilation process, all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have
          performed full duties according to the requirements of the CSRC and the provisions of the Working System
          for Independent Directors of the Company.

          On January 16, 2025, the first meeting of the Audit Committee of the Company’s sixth session of the Board for
          2025 heard a report from Deloitte representatives regarding the annual audit arrangements and preliminary
          review work for the Company’s A, H, and G shares in 2024. The Committee engaged in discussions and
          communication with Deloitte representatives. Two of the three Audit Committee members are independent
          non-executive directors. In their dual capacities as Audit Committee members and independent non-
          executive directors, they provided opinions and suggestions for supplementing and refining the Company’s
          2024 audit plan.

          On February 21, 2025, the second meeting of the Audit Committee of the Company’s sixth session of the
          Board reviewed and approved the “Proposal on the Company’s 2024 Audit Plan”. Two of the three Audit
          Committee members are independent non-executive directors, who reviewed the Company’s 2024 audit
          plan in their dual capacities as Audit Committee members and independent non-executive directors.

          On March 24, 2025, the third meeting of the Audit Committee of the Company’s sixth session of the Board in
          2025 reviewed the Company’s 2024 Financial Statements, 2024 Annual Report and its Executive Summary,
          2024 Internal Control Evaluation Report, the Audit Committee’s 2024 Performance Report, the Audit
          Committee’s Report on the Supervision of the 2024 Annual Audit Firm, the 2024 Internal Audit Work Report
          and the 2025 Internal Audit Work Plan. The meeting also reviewed important matters covered in the “Key
          Audit Matters” section of the Company’s 2024 Audit Report. Two of the three Audit Committee members are
          independent non-executive directors. They deliberated on relevant proposals in their dual capacities as
          Audit Committee members and independent non-executive directors, and expressed their opinions.

          On July 28, 2025, the fifth meeting of the Audit Committee during the sixth term of the Board of Directors
          heard reports from Deloitte personnel regarding the review of the Company’s interim financial
          statements for H+G shares in 2025 and the annual audit plan for A+H+G shares in 2025. Discussions and
          communications were conducted with Deloitte personnel. Two of the three Audit Committee members are
          independent non-executive directors. They participated in discussions and communications in their dual
          capacities as Audit Committee members and independent non-executive directors, offering opinions and
          recommendations.

          (2) Consideration on related-party transactions

          On March 24, 2025, the third meeting of the Audit Committee of the Company’s sixth session of the Board
          in 2025 reviewed and approved the “Proposed Plan for Estimating the Company’s Routine Related-Party
          Transactions in 2025”; On March 26, 2025, the First Meeting of the Independent Directors of the sixth session
          of the Board in 2025 reviewed and approved the “Proposed Plan for Estimating the Company’s Routine
          Related-Party Transactions in 2025”. All relevant related-party transactions arise from the Company’s
          routine business operations, will facilitate the normal conduct of the Company’s business, and will generate
          certain benefits for the Company; The pricing of the relevant related-party transactions adheres to market
          pricing principles, is reasonable and fair, and does not harm the overall interests of the Company and its
          shareholders; The relevant related-party transactions do not affect the Company’s independence, and
          the Company’s principal business does not thereby become dependent on related parties; The approval
          procedures for the relevant related-party transactions comply with the relevant laws, regulations, normative
          documents, as well as the requirements of the Company’s Articles of Association and the Company’s
          Related-Party Transaction Management System.

          (3) Other performance of duties

          On March 26, 2025, the first meeting of the special meetings of independent Directors of the sixth session of




146
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
the Board of the Company for 2025 also considered and approved the Report on Performance of Duties of
the Independent Directors of the Company for 2024 and the Report on Independence Self-examination by
the Independent Directors of the Company.



VII. SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

(I) Members of the Special Committees of the Board

Five special committees, namely, Development Strategy Committee, Compliance and Risk Management

                                                                                                                         About Us
Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were
established under the Board. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the specific membership of each
specialized committee of the sixth session of the Board of the Company are as follows:

The Development Strategy Committee (a total of five members): Zhang Wei, Zhou Yi, Chen Zhongyang,
Jin Yongfu and Zhang Jinxin, and Mr. Zhang Wei is the chairman (convener) of the Development Strategy
Committee;

The Compliance and Risk Management Committee (a total of three members): Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Jianwen, and Mr. Zhou Yi is the chairman (convener) of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee;

The Audit Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors accounting


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
for more than 1/2): Wang Bing, Ding Feng and Lo Kin Wing Terry, and Mr. Wang Bing is the chairman (convener)
of the Audit Committee;

The Nomination Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors
accounting for more than 1/2): Wang Quansheng, Wang Ying and Peng Bing, and Mr. Wang Quansheng is
the chairman (convener) of the Nomination Committee;

The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (a total of three members, all are independent non-executive
Directors): Wang Quansheng, Peng Bing and Wang Bing, and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the chairman




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
(convener) of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.

On January 23, 2026, the Company established its Seventh session of the Board. As of the date of this report,
the specific membership of each specialized committee under the Seventh session of the Board of the
Company are as follows:

The Development Strategy Committee (a total of five members): Wang Huiqing, Zhou Yi, Yu Lanying, Jin
Yongfu and Chen Jianwei, and Mr. Wang Huiqing is the chairman (convener) of the Development Strategy
Committee;

The Compliance and Risk Management Committee (a total of three members): Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang
Jianwen, and Mr. Zhou Yi is the chairman (convener) of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee;



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
The Audit Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors accounting
for more than 1/2): Wang Bing, Ding Feng and Lo Kin Wing Terry, and Mr. Wang Bing is the chairman (convener)
of the Audit Committee;



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
The Nomination Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors
accounting for more than 1/2): Wang Quansheng, Wang Ying and Peng Bing, and Mr. Wang Quansheng is
the chairman (convener) of the Nomination Committee;

The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (a total of three members, all are independent non-executive
Directors): Wang Quansheng, Peng Bing and Wang Bing, and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the chairman
(convener) of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.




                                                                                                                147
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Performance of Duties by the Special Committees of the Board

          1. Development Strategy Committee of the Board

          The major duties of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board include: 1. Understanding and
          grasping the overall situation of the Company’s operation; 2. Understanding, analyzing and grasping the
          current situation of international and domestic industries; 3. Understanding and grasping the relevant
          domestic policies; 4. Studying the short-term, medium-term and long-term development strategies of the
          Company or relevant issues; 5. Providing consultancy advice on the Company’s long-term development
          strategies, major investments, reforms and other major decisions, and promoting the deep integration of
          the Company’s cultural concept and the Company’s development strategies; 6. Considering and approving
          the special research reports on development strategies; 7. Publishing daily research reports in a regular or
          irregular manner; 8. Other duties assigned by the Board.


          During the Reporting Period, the Development Strategy Committee of the Board convened a total of two
          meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                                     Convening                          Important comments Other performance of
          Meeting name               date      Meeting contents         and suggestions    duties

                                                                        The Development
          The first meeting of the
                                                 To consider the 2024   Strategy Committee
          Development Strategy                                                                 The meeting was
                                     March 27,   Work Report of the     considered and
          Committee of the sixth                                                               convened by way of
                                     2025        Senior Management      approved the
          session of the Board for                                                             teleconference.
                                                 of the Company.        resolution at the
          2025
                                                                        meeting.

                                                 To consider the        The Development
          The second meeting
                                                 Resolution on the      Strategy Committee
          of the Development                                                                   The meeting was
                                     June 20,    2024 Report on the     considered and
          Strategy Committee of                                                                convened by way of
                                     2025        Implementation         approved the
          the sixth session of the                                                             teleconference.
                                                 of Construction of     resolution at the
          Board for 2025
                                                 Corporate Culture.     meeting.



          Attendance of members of the Development Strategy Committee at the meetings held during the
          Reporting Period was as follows:

                                                                          Attendance in person/Number of meetings
          Name                                                                                requiring attendance

          Wang Huiqing                                                                                              –

          Zhou Yi                                                                                                 2/2

          Yu Lanying                                                                                                –

          Jin Yongfu                                                                                                –

          Chen Jianwei                                                                                              –

          Zhang Wei                                                                                               2/2

          Chen Zhongyang                                                                                          2/2

          Liu Changchun                                                                                           2/2

          Zhang Jinxin                                                                                            2/2




148
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes:
(1) On June 20, 2025, the Company’s Sixth session of Board held its eighteenth meeting and approved the Proposal on Adjusting the Composition
of Certain Special Committees of the Sixth session of Board. The Development Strategy Committee was adjusted to consist of Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr.
Zhou Yi, Mr. Chen Zhongyang, Mr. Jin Yongfu and Mr. Zhang Jinxin; with Mr. Zhang Wei serving as the Chairman (Convener) of the Development
Strategy Committee.
(2) On January 23, 2026, the Company’s seventh session of Board held its first meeting and approved the Proposal on the Composition of
Special Committees of the Seventh session of Board. The Development Strategy Committee was adjusted to consist of Mr. Wang Huiqing, Mr.
Zhou Yi, Ms. Yu Lanying, Mr. Jin Yongfu and Mr. Chen Jianwei; with Mr. Wang Huiqing serving as the Chairman (Convener) of the Development
Strategy Committee.



2. Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board


                                                                                                                                                         About Us
The main duties of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
making recommendations on the overall targets and fundamental policies of compliance management
and risk management; 2. Reviewing and making recommendations on the setup of compliance
management and risk management bodies and their duties; 3. Evaluating and making recommendations
on the risks of major decisions which require the Board’s review as well as the solutions to these risks; 4.
Reviewing and making recommendations on the compliance reports and risk assessment reports that
require the Board’s review; 5. Other duties prescribed in the Articles of Association.




                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board convened four
meetings, the details of which were as follows:



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                                                 Important    Other
                        Convening                                                                comments and performance of
Meeting name            date      Meeting contents                                               suggestions  duties

                                        1. To consider and approve the Resolution
The first                                                                                        The Compliance
                                        on the Annual Compliance Report of the
meeting of the                                                                                   and Risk
                                        Company in 2024;
Compliance and                                                                                   Management     The meeting
                                        2. To consider and approve the Resolution
Risk Management March 27,                                                                        Committee      was convened




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                        on the Annual Risk Management Report of
Committee of      2025                                                                           considered and by way of
                                        the Company in 2024;
the sixth session                                                                                approved the   teleconference.
                                        3. To consider and approve the Resolution
of the Board for                                                                                 resolutions at
                                        on the 2024 Annual Internal Control
2025                                                                                             the meeting.
                                        Evaluation Report of the Company;

The second                                                           The Compliance
meeting of the                                                       and Risk
Compliance and                                                       Management     The meeting
                           To consider and approve the Resolution on
Risk Management August 28,                                           Committee      was convened
                           the 2025 Interim Compliance Report of the
Committee of      2025                                               considered and by way of
                           Company.



                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
the sixth session                                                    approved the   teleconference.
of the Board for                                                     resolutions at
2025                                                                 the meeting.




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                                        1. To consider and approve the Resolution
                                        on the amendment of the Basic System for
The third                               Risk Management of Huatai Securities Co., The Compliance
meeting of the                          Ltd.;                                       and Risk
Compliance and                          2. To consider and approve the Resolution Management       The meeting
Risk Management October                 on the formulation of the Risk Appetite and Committee      was convened
Committee of      29, 2025              Tolerance Statement of Huatai Securities    considered and by way of
the sixth session                       Co., Ltd.;                                  approved the   teleconference.
of the Board for                        3. To consider and approve the Resolution resolutions at
2025                                    on the formulation of the Consolidated      the meeting.
                                        Management System of Huatai Securities
                                        Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                149
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Important    Other
                             Convening                                               comments and performance of
          Meeting name       date      Meeting contents                              suggestions  duties

          The fourth                                                            The Compliance
          meeting of the                                                        and Risk
                                     To consider and approve the Resolution
          Compliance and                                                        Management     The meeting
                                     on the appointment of an external
          Risk Management December                                              Committee      was convened
                                     assessment agency for the effectiveness of
          Committee of      31, 2025                                            considered and by way of
                                     the Company’s compliance management
          the sixth session                                                     approved the   teleconference.
                                     in 2025.
          of the Board for                                                      resolutions at
          2025                                                                  the meeting.



          Attendance of members of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee at the meetings held during
          the Reporting Period was as follows:


                                                                           Attendance in person/Number of meetings
          Name                                                                                 requiring attendance

          Zhou Yi                                                                                                   4/4

          Ke Xiang                                                                                                  4/4

          Wang Jianwen                                                                                              4/4



          3. Audit Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Board include: 1. Supervising and guiding the audit work.
          It shall manage and guide the internal audit work planning and audit team construction, regularly listen
          to and review the comprehensive report of audit work, annual audit plan and important audit reports,
          make judgements on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the audited financial report, and
          submit them to the Board for reviewing. It shall supervise the Company’s financial statement and the
          completeness of the Company’s annual report and account, interim report and quarterly report and
          review statements as well as major opinions on financial declaration in reports. The Committee shall pay
          special attention to the following matters: ① Changes in accounting policies and practices; ② Matters
          concerning significant judgment; ③ Significant adjustments due to the audit; ④ Assumptions of on-going
          operations of the Company and its qualified opinions; ⑤ Compliance with the accounting standards;
          and ⑥ Compliance with the listing rules or relevant laws and regulations of the listing place where the
          financial reporting shall be made; 2. Proposing the engagement or changing of external audit institutions
          and supervising the professional conduct of external audit institutions, so as to ensure the coordination
          of internal and external auditors. Moreover, it shall also ensure that the internal audit institution is given
          enough resources for operation and appropriate status within the Company and check and supervise its
          validity; 3. Considering and putting forward suggestions for the appointment, reappointment, remuneration,
          appointment terms and any other issues about the resignation or dismissal of external auditors. It
          shall hold the position as the main representative between the Company and the external auditor and
          supervise their relationship; 4. Discussing with the external auditors about the nature, scope and relevant
          responsibility of audit and frequently check if the audit procedure is valid and whether the external auditor
          is objective and independent before carrying out the audit work; 5. Checking the Explanation Letter on
          Audit offered by external auditors to the management and any major doubts put forward by the auditors
          to the management about the accounting record, financial account or monitoring system as well as the
          response of the management and ensure that the Board can timely reply to issues put forward in the
          Explanation Letter on Audit offered by external auditors to the management; 6. Checking and monitoring
          the Company’s financial supervision, risk management and internal monitoring system and check the




150
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
financial and accounting policies and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries; 7. Discussing
the risk management and internal supervision system with the management to ensure they fulfill their
responsibilities in establishing effective internal controls, strengthening rectification accountability, and
improving mechanisms; proactively or upon the Board’s request, studying the important investigation
results and responses of the management related to risk management and internal supervision system;
8. Reporting the above issues to the Board; 9. Checking the Company’s following arrangement: Employees
of the Company may secretly raise concerns on irregular conducts about financial reporting, internal
monitoring, or other aspects. The Audit Committee shall ensure that there is appropriate arrangement for
the Company to make fair and independent investigation and take appropriate actions on such issues; 10.
Studying other projects defined by the Board; 11. Other responsibilities according to the Articles of Association

                                                                                                                             About Us
or the Listing rules or laws and regulations of the place where the Company is listed.



During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the Board of the Company convened seven meetings,
the details of which were as follows:


                                                                          Important            Other
Meeting       Convening                                                   comments and         performance of
name          date      Meeting contents                                  suggestions          duties


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                          The Audit



                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                                          Committee
The first
                                                                          reviewed and
meeting of            To listen to the report of annual audit work
                                                                          approved the
the Audit             arrangement of A+H+G Share and preaudit                                  This meeting
                                                                          proposals of this
Committee January 16, work for 2024 of the Company made by                                     was convened
                                                                          meeting and
of the sixth 2025     relevant personnel from Deloitte, and to                                 both in person
                                                                          communicated
session of            make discussion and communication with                                   and via video.
                                                                          with Deloitte Touche
the Board in          relevant personnel from Deloitte.
                                                                          Tohmatsu and
2025




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                          relevant personnel
                                                                          of the Company.

The second
meeting of                                                                The Audit
the Audit                                                                 Committee            The meeting
Committee February        To consider and approve the Resolution on       reviewed and         was convened
of the sixth 21, 2025     the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2024.      approved the         by way of
session of                                                                proposals of this    teleconference.
the Board in                                                              meeting.
2025




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                    151
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                               Important            Other
          Meeting    Convening                                                 comments and         performance of
          name       date      Meeting contents                                suggestions          duties

                                1. To consider and approve the Final Financial
                                Report of the Company for 2024;
                                2. To consider and approve the Financial
                                Budget Report of the Company for 2025;
                                3. To consider and approve the Proposal on
                                the Profit Distribution of the Company for 2024;
                                4. To consider and approve the Resolution
                                on the Annual Financial Statements of the
                                Company for 2024;
                                5. To consider and approve the Proposal on
                                the Annual Report of the Company for 2024
                                and its Summary;
                                6. To consider and approve the Resolution on
                                the Internal Control Assessment Report of the
                                Company for 2024;
                                7. To consider and approve the Proposal on the
                                Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related
                                Parties of the Company for 2025;
                                8. To consider and approve the Proposal on
                                the Reappointment of the Accounting Firms of The Audit
                                the Company;                                     Committee
          The third             9. To consider and approve the Report on         reviewed and
          meeting of            Performance of Duties of Audit Committee         approved the
          the Audit             under the Board of the Company for 2024;                              This meeting
                                                                                 proposals of this
          Committee March 24,   10. To consider and approve the Evaluation                            was convened
                                                                                 meeting and
          of the sixth 2025     Report on Performance of Duties by the                                both in person
                                                                                 communicated
          session of            Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2024 of the                          and via video.
                                Company;                                         with Deloitte Touche
          the Board in
                                11. To consider and approve the Report on        Tohmatsu and
          2025
                                Performance of Supervisory Duties by the         relevant personnel
                                Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2024 of the     of the Company.
                                Audit Committee of the Board of the Company;
                                12. To consider and approve the Special Audit
                                Report on Related Party Transactions of the
                                Company for 2024;
                                13. To consider and approve the Special Audit
                                Report on the Use of Proceeds, Provision of
                                Guarantees and Related-party Transactions
                                and Other Major Events of the Company in
                                2024;
                                14. To consider and approve the Report on
                                Internal Audit of Anti-money Laundering of the
                                Company for 2024;
                                15. To consider and approve Resolution
                                regarding the Report on Internal Audit of the
                                Company for 2024 and the Work Plan for the
                                Internal Audit of the Company for 2025;
                                16. To review the Important Matters Involved in
                                the “Key Audit Matters” as Set Out in the Annual
                                Audit Report of the Company for 2024.




152
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                     Important           Other
Meeting     Convening                                                comments and        performance of
name        date      Meeting contents                               suggestions         duties

The fourth
meeting of                                                          The Audit
the Audit                                                           Committee            The meeting
                        To consider the Resolution on the Financial
Committee April 28,                                                 reviewed and         was convened
                        Statements for January to March 2025 of the
of the sixth 2025                                                   approved the         by way of
                        Company.
session of                                                          proposals of this    teleconference.

                                                                                                                      About Us
the Board in                                                        meeting.
2025

                                                                    The Audit
                                                                    Committee
The fifth
                        To listen to the report on the review of    reviewed and
meeting of
                        2025 interim financial statements of the    approved the
the Audit                                                                                This meeting
                        Company’s H+G Share and the Company’s proposals of this
Committee July 28,                                                                       was convened
                        2025 A+H+G Share annual audit plan made meeting and


                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
of the sixth 2025                                                                        both in person
                        by relevant personnel from Deloitte, and to communicated
session of                                                                               and via video.
                        discuss and communicate with relevant       with Deloitte Touche
the Board in

                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                        personnel from Deloitte.                    Tohmatsu and
2025
                                                                    relevant personnel
                                                                    of the Company.

                     1. To consider and approve the Resolution on
                     the Financial Statement of the Company in
                     the First Half of 2025;
                                                                   The Audit
                     2. To consider and approve the Resolution
                                                                   Committee




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
The sixth            on Interim Report of the Company in 2025;
                                                                   reviewed and
meeting of           3. To review and approve the Resolution
                                                                   approved the
the Audit            regarding the Change of the Company’s                              This meeting
                                                                   proposals of this
Committee August 26, accounting policies;                                               was convened
                                                                   meeting and
of the sixth 2025    4. To consider and approve the Resolution                          both in person
                                                                   communicated
session of           on Interim Profit Distribution of the Company                      and via video.
                                                                   with Deloitte Touche
the Board in         for 2025;
                                                                   Tohmatsu and
2025                 5. To consider and approve the Special Audit
                                                                   relevant personnel
                     Report on the Use of Proceeds, Provision of
                                                                   of the Company.
                     Guarantees and Related-party Transactions
                     and Other Major Events of the Company in



                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
                     the First Half of 2025.

                                                                     The Audit




                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
                                                                     Committee
The seventh
                                                                     reviewed and
meeting of
                                                                     approved the         The meeting
the Audit
                        To consider and approve the Resolution       proposals of this    was convened
Committee October
                        on the Financial Statements for January to   meeting and          by way of onsite
of the sixth 28, 2025
                        September of 2025 of the Company.            communicated         and video
session of
                                                                     with Deloitte Touche meeting.
the Board in
                                                                     Tohmatsu and
2025
                                                                     relevant personnel
                                                                     of the Company.




                                                                                                             153
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Attendance of the members of the Audit Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting Period was
          as follows:

                                                                            Attendance in person/Number of meetings
          Name                                                                                  requiring attendance

          Wang Bing                                                                                                   7/7

          Ding Feng                                                                                                   6/7

          Lo Kin Wing Terry                                                                                           7/7



          4. Nomination Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Board include: 1. reviewing the structure, headcount
          and composition of the Board of Directors (including skills, knowledge and experience) at least annually,
          assisting the Board in compiling a skills list for the Board, and making recommendations on any changes
          to the Board to align with the Company’s strategy; 2. considering and making suggestions on the criteria
          and procedures for the selection of Directors and senior management members; 3. searching for qualified
          candidates for Director and senior management, and selecting from the list of candidates nominated by
          Directors or making recommendations to the Board; 4. reviewing and make suggestions on the qualification
          requirements for Directors and senior management; 5. assessing the independence of independent non-
          executive Directors; 6. making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of
          Directors and succession planning for Directors (in particular the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer); 7.
          supporting the Company in periodically evaluating the performance of the Board of Directors; and 8. Other
          responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association or as required by the Board.

          The procedures to nominate and criteria to select and recommend candidates for directorship and senior
          management are: in accordance with the provisions of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Rules for
          the Independent Directors of Listed Companies (《上 市 公 司 獨 立 董 事 規 則》) of the CSRC, Measures for the
          Supervision and Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners
          of Securities Fund Operating Institutions (《證券基金經營機構董事、監事、高級管理人員及從業人員監督管理辦
          法》), the Hong Kong Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and other relevant laws, regulations
          and the Articles of Association, the Nomination Committee under the Board shall base on the Company’s
          actual situation, study the criteria for election of the Company’s senior management officers including
          directors, the chief executive officer and others, the procedures for selection and term of the office and
          submit such resolution once made to the Board for approval. It then follows and implements the resolution.
          Selection procedures are: 1. the Nomination Committee shall actively exchange opinions with the relevant
          departments of the Company, study the Company’s requirements for the senior management officers
          including directors, the chief executive officer and others and shall prepare materials in written form; 2.
          the Nomination Committee may search for the candidates for the senior management officers including
          directors, the chief executive officer and others both from and within the Company and a controlling
          (shareholding) enterprise, and out of the Company; 3. to collect data of the natural condition of the
          preliminarily screened candidate and his/her morality, ability, diligence and performance, and prepare
          written information; 4. to obtain the consent of the nominee regarding the nomination or else the nominee
          cannot act as a candidate for a senior management officer including a director, the chief executive officer
          and others; 5. to convene a meeting of the Nomination Committee and to examine the qualifications of
          the preliminarily selected candidates based on the appointment criteria for senior management officers
          including directors, the chief executive officer and others; 6. one to two months prior to the election of
          new directors and appointment of new senior management officers including the chief executive officer
          and others, to submit to the Board the suggestion on the candidates for directors and the candidates for
          newly hired senior management officers including the chief executive officer and others and the relevant
          materials; 7. other follow-up work is to be carried out pursuant to the decision and feedback of the Board.




154
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee of the Board convened four meetings in total, the
details of which were as follows:


                         Convening                                              Important comments               Other execution of
Meeting name             date      Meeting contents                             and suggestions                  duties

The first meeting                         To consider and approve the The Nomination
of the Nomination                         Resolution on the Election  Committee considered                       The meeting was
                     March 14,
Committee of the                          of a Non-executive Director and approved the                           convened by way of
                     2025
sixth session of the                      of the Sixth Session of the resolution at the                          teleconference.

                                                                                                                                                         About Us
Board for 2025                            Board of the Company.       meeting.

The second
                                          To consider and approve the The Nomination
meeting of the
                                          Resolution on the Election of Committee considered                     The meeting was
Nomination           May 20,
                                          an Executive Director of the and approved the                          convened by way of
Committee of the 2025
                                          Sixth Session of the Board of resolution at the                        teleconference.
sixth session of the
                                          the Company.                  meeting.
Board for 2025



                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                          To consider and approve the
The third meeting                                                     The Nomination
                                          Resolution on the Election
of the Nomination                                                     Committee considered                       The meeting was
                     November             of Members (Independent


                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Committee of the                                                      and approved the                           convened by way of
                     28, 2025             Directors) of the Seventh
sixth session of the                                                  resolution at the                          teleconference.
                                          Session of the Board of the
Board for 2025                                                        meeting.
                                          Company.

The fourth                                To consider and approve the
                                                                        The Nomination
meeting of the                            Resolution on the Election of
                                                                        Committee considered                     The meeting was
Nomination           December             Members (Non-Independent
                                                                        and approved the                         convened by way of
Committee of the 31, 2025                 Directors) of the Seventh




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                                                        resolution at the                        teleconference.
sixth session of the                      Session of the Board of the
                                                                        meeting.
Board for 2025                            Company.



Attendance of the members of the Nomination Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting
Period:


                                                                                   Attendance in person/Number of meetings
Name                                                                                                   requiring attendance

Wang Quansheng                                                                                                                          4/4



                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Wang Ying                                                                                                                               2/2

Peng Bing                                                                                                                               4/4



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Wang Jianwen                                                                                                                             1/1

Yin Lihong                                                                                                                               1/1


Notes:
(1) On March 28, 2025, the Company’s sixth session of Board held its fifteenth meeting and approved the Proposal on Adjusting the Composition
of Certain Specialized Committees of the Sixth session of Board. The Nomination Committee was adjusted to consist of Mr. Wang Quansheng,
Mr. Wang Jianwen and Mr. Peng Bing; with Mr. Wang Quansheng serving as the Chairman (Convener) of the Nomination Committee.
(2) On June 20, 2025, the Company’s sixth session of Board held its eighteenth meeting and approved the Proposal on Adjusting the
Composition of Some Specialized Committees of the Sixth session of Board. The Nomination Committee was adjusted to consist of Mr. Wang
Quansheng, Ms. Wang Ying and Mr. Peng Bing; with Mr. Wang Quansheng serving as the Chairman (Convener) of the Nomination Committee.




                                                                                                                                                155
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          5. Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
          providing opinions on the appraisal and remuneration management system for Directors and senior
          management, and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s overall policy and structure
          for the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and
          transparent procedure to develop remuneration policy; 2. Reviewing and approving the management’s
          remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; 3. Conducting
          assessment on the Directors and senior management and making remuneration recommendations:
          making recommendations on the remuneration packages, including benefits in kind, pensions and
          compensation payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of office or
          appointment), for certain executive Directors and senior management, and making recommendations
          to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors; 4. Considering salaries paid by comparable
          companies, time commitment and responsibilities and engagement condition elsewhere in the Group; 5.
          Reviewing and approving compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any
          loss or termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with the relevant contractual
          terms. In case of inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be fair and not
          be excessive; 6. Reviewing and approving compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal
          of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with the contractual terms. In case of
          inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be reasonable and appropriate;
          and 7. Ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in determining their own remuneration;
          8. Other responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association.


          During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board convened three
          meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                              Convening                                       Important comments       Other execution
          Meeting name        date      Meeting contents                      and suggestions          of duties

                                           1. To consider and approve
                                           the Report on Performance
          The first
                                           Assessment and
          meeting of the                                                      The Remuneration
                                           Remuneration of the Directors
          Remuneration                                                        and Appraisal            The meeting
                                           of the Company in 2024;
          and Appraisal       March 27,                                       Committee considered     was convened
                                           2. To consider and approve the
          Committee of        2025                                            and approved the         by way of
                                           Report on Execution of Duty,
          the sixth session                                                   resolutions at the       teleconference.
                                           Performance Assessment and
          of the Board for                                                    meeting.
                                           Remuneration of the Senior
          2025
                                           Management of the Company
                                           in 2024.

                                                                              The Remuneration
          The second                       To consider and approve the
                                                                              and Appraisal
          meeting of the                   Resolution on Fulfilment of
                                                                              Committee considered
          Remuneration                     Conditions for Release from                                 The meeting was
                                                                              and approved
          and Appraisal       April 24,    Selling Restriction of the Third                            convened by
                                                                              the resolutions
          Committee of        2025         Lock-up Period under the                                    way of on-site &
                                                                              at the meeting,
          the sixth session                Restricted Share Incentive                                  video meetings.
                                                                              and conducted
          of the Board for                 Scheme of A Shares of the
                                                                              communications with
          2025                             Company.
                                                                              relevant personnel.




156
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                    Convening                                    Important comments         Other execution
Meeting name        date      Meeting contents                   and suggestions            of duties

The third
meeting of the                                                   The Remuneration
                                 To consider and approve the
Remuneration                                                     and Appraisal              The meeting
                                 Resolution in Relation to the
and Appraisal       August 28,                                   Committee considered       was convened
                                 Performance Plan and Target
Committee of        2025                                         and approved the           by way of
                                 of the Company’s Senior
the sixth session                                                resolutions at the         teleconference.
                                 Management for 2025.
of the Board for                                                 meeting.

                                                                                                                          About Us
2025



Attendance of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee at the meetings held during
the Reporting Period:


                                                                           Attendance in person/Number of
Name                                                                         meetings requiring attendance


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Wang Quansheng                                                                                            3/3



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Peng Bing                                                                                                 3/3

Wang Bing                                                                                                 3/3




VIII. RISKS FOUND BY THE AUDIT COMMITTEE IN THE COMPANY




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
The Audit Committee had no objections towards the matters under supervision during the Reporting Period.



IX. ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL
SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

(I) Statement of the Board

In accordance with the requirements of the corporate internal control standard system, it is the
responsibility of the Board of the Company to establish, improve and effectively implement internal



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
control, assess its effectiveness and truthfully disclose the assessment report on internal control. The Audit
Committee oversees the establishment and implementation of internal control by the Company. The senior
management is responsible for organizing and steering the day-to-day operation of corporate internal



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
control. The Board of Directors, Directors and senior management of the Company undertake that this
report contains no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and assume individual and joint
legal liabilities to the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of this report.

The objective of internal control of the Company is to reasonably ensure the legality and compliance of
the operation and management, the security of the assets, and the truthfulness and completeness of
the financial report and its relevant information, to improve operating efficiency and effectiveness, and
to promote the accomplishment of the development strategy. Due to the inherent limitations of internal
control, only reasonable assurance can be provided for the achievement of the above objectives. In
addition, internal control may become inappropriate or the level of compliance with control policies and
procedures may become lower due to the changes of situation, so it subjects to certain risks to speculate
the effectiveness of internal control in the future based on the results of internal control evaluation.




                                                                                                                 157
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Structure of the Internal Control System

          The Board of Directors has set up special committees such as the Compliance and Risk Management
          Committee, the Audit Committee and the Development Strategy Committee to comprehensively monitor
          the effective implementation of internal control and self-evaluation of internal control. The Company
          established the leading group for the construction and continuous optimization of internal control to
          comprehensively lead internal control standardized project construction and continuously promote the
          improvement of the internal control system. The Company designates Risk Management Department,
          Planning and Finance Department, Inspection Department, Legal Compliance Department, etc. as internal
          control management departments and all departments as internal control implementation departments
          to fully cooperate with the improvement and self-assessment of the internal control system, actively rectify
          defects in internal control and give feedback on rectification results as required. The Inspection Department
          shall be responsible for conducting internal control evaluation independently and implementing internal
          audit and assessment independently on the Company’s internal control measures annually.

          (III) Construction and Improvement of the Internal Control System

          The Company strictly follows the Company Law, the Securities Law, Regulation on Supervision and
          Administration of Securities Firms (《 證 券 公 司 監 督 管 理 條 例 》), Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities
          Firms (《證券公司內部控制指引》), Basic Internal Control Norms for Enterprises (《企業內部控制基本規範》),
          the implementation guidelines for enterprise internal control and other regulatory requirements, and
          continually improves the corporate governance structure, compliance risk control system and internal
          control management system. The Company practices internal control management methods, constantly
          enhances the ability to restrict itself and effectively prevents and resolves various risks so as to ensure the
          continuous, stable and rapid development of various businesses thereof. The Company makes clear the
          internal control organizational structure and division of responsibilities, and the leading group for internal
          control construction and continuous optimization supervises and promotes the internal control construction
          of the Company. The Company’s whole businesses, departments, branches and all staff are involved in
          internal control, throughout each link from decision-making, implementation, supervision to feedback.
          Based on regulatory requirements and business development, the Company continued to improve various
          internal control management systems and constantly established and improved internal control systems
          appropriate to the scale and complexity of the business of the Company. Starting from prudent operation
          and identification, prevention and resolution of risks, the Company established and continued to improve
          a multi-level internal control evaluation mechanism comprising regular and irregular self-evaluation of
          the effectiveness of internal control, evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control by internal audit
          department and independent evaluation by external auditors, so as to continuously strengthen the overall
          internal control.

          (IV) Operation of the Internal Control System

          With a focus on the regulatory requirements, development strategies and operation objectives, the
          Company continued to deepen the operation of the internal control system. The Company regularly or
          irregularly carried out a review and update of the system to ensure the comprehensiveness, prudence,
          effectiveness and applicability of the system and standards, so as to avoid blank or loopholes. The Company
          strengthened its risk review, assessment, examination, management and control in material institutions,
          major businesses and key fields to guarantee the risks are measurable, controllable and bearable. It
          actively conducted publicity and trainings to strengthen the internal control culture publicity. Grounded in
          prudent operations and the identification, prevention and mitigation of risks, the Company has established
          a multi-tiered internal control evaluation mechanism covering regular and irregular self-assessments of
          internal control effectiveness, internal audit evaluations of internal control effectiveness, and independent
          assessments conducted by external auditors, to continuously deepen the analysis and rectification tracking
          of control deficiencies and improved the effectiveness of the design and implementation of control
          measures.




158
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(V) Basis for the Assessment of Internal Control

The Company organizes to conduct internal control assessment according to the corporate internal control
standard system and the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Firms (《證券公司內部控制指引》) and
Rules for the Preparation and Reporting of Information Disclosure by Listed Issuers of Securities No. 21 –
General Provisions on the Annual Internal Control Assessment Report (《公開發行證券的公司 信息披露編報規則
第 21 號 － 年度內部控制評價報告的一般規定》) issued by the CSRC and other regulations.

(VI) Internal Control Defect and Its Identification


                                                                                                                                   About Us
According to the identification requirements for major defects, important defects and general defects as
stipulated by the internal control system of enterprises, the Board of the Company, in consideration of such
factors as the scale of the Company, industrial characteristics, risk appetite and risk tolerance, distinguished
financial report internal control from nonfinancial report internal control and determined the internal control
defects applicable to the Company and its specific identification standards, which were consistent with
those of the previous years.

A material defect refers to a combination of one or more controlling defects that could cause the enterprise
to deviate significantly from its control objectives; a significant defect refers to a combination of one or



                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
more controlling defects that is less severe and has less economic consequences than a material defect,
but may still cause the enterprise to deviate from its control objectives; general defects refer to defects
other than material defects and significant defects.

(VII) The Company’s Internal Control Effectiveness Assessment                                                                    and Strategies

According to the Basic Internal Control Norms for Enterprises (《企業內部控制基本規範》) and its provisions
in its supporting guidelines and other regulatory requirements on internal control as well as the Company’s
internal control system and assessment methods, we have assessed the Company’s internal control
effectiveness on December 31, 2025 (base date of internal control assessment report) based on the daily
supervision and specialized supervision of internal control, and have issued the Annual Internal Control




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Evaluation Report for 2025. The Company is of the opinion that its risk management and internal control
systems are efficiently enough.

The main businesses and matters included in the evaluation scope of the Company’s internal control
include: internal environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, internal
supervision, as well as incompatible position separation control, authorization and approval control,
accounting system control, property protection control, budget control, operation analysis control and
performance appraisal control involved in the control activities. High-risk areas we focused on include:
brokerage business, financial product sales and fund investment advisory business, margin financing
and securities lending and stock pledge businesses, equity trading business, FICC trading business, OTC
derivatives trading business, investment banking business, funds custody and service business, research



                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
business, financial management, information technology, compliance and legal affairs, related-party
transactions, internal control of subsidiaries and other key fields, as well as the liquidity risk, market risk, credit
risk, operational risk, reputation risk, information technology risk, compliance risk, legal risk and integrity risk




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
that have significant impact on the Company’s operation and management.

According to the identification results of major defects in financial report internal control, on the base
date of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in financial report
internal control. The Board of Directors thinks that the Company has maintained effective financial report
internal control in all major aspects according to the enterprise internal control standardized system and
requirements in relevant regulations.

According to the identification results of major defects in non-financial report internal control, on the base
date of internal control assessment report, the Company is not aware of major defects in non-financial
report internal control.




                                                                                                                          159
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VIII) Work Plan for Internal Control in 2026

          In 2026, the Company will continue to advance internal control optimization, with key focuses including:
          continuously refining the institutional establishment management system, organizing departmental
          and subsidiary-level reviews and updates to solidify the foundation of internal control management;
          strengthening internal control inspections and assessments to further enhance the effectiveness of control
          measures and improve defect detection capabilities; deepening internal control management culture
          development, intensifying training and publicity, and improving employees’ awareness to internal control
          management.



          X. MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF SUBSIDIARIES DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
          The Company incorporated its onshore and offshore subsidiaries into the comprehensive risk management
          system. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to enhance the refined management and
          control ability, continuously integrated risk data and information of the Group, further enhanced the
          unified risk measuring, monitoring and analysis capability of the Group and normally urged subsidiaries to
          implement the unified rules of the Group to ensure that the risks of subsidiaries are measurable, controllable
          and bearable under the overall risk preference of the Group.



          XI. INFORMATION ABOUT THE INTERNAL CONTROL AUDITING REPORT

          When disclosing the annual report for 2025, the Company will also disclose the 2025 Annual Internal Control
          Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and the Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd. at the same time, which will be published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.
          cn), the HKEXnews website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s official
          website (www.htsc.com.cn) on March 30, 2026.

          Whether to disclose the internal control audit report: Yes

          Type of opinion on the audit report on internal control: Standard unqualified opinion



          XII. RECTIFICATION OF PROBLEMS DISCOVERED IN SPECIAL SELF-
          INSPECTION ACTIONS ON LISTED COMPANIES GOVERNANCE

          During the Reporting Period, the Company was not involved in relevant self-inspection and rectification.




          XIII. BUILDING OF THE COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM OF
          THE COMPANY AND THE INSPECTION AND AUDIT FINISHED BY
          THE COMPLIANCE AND INSPECTING DEPARTMENT DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD

          The Company always places emphasis on the corporate culture of operation in compliance with laws and
          regulations, and carries out strict management and prudent and standard operation. During the Reporting
          Period, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements, the Company
          further established and improved the compliance management system, perfected the organizational
          structure for compliance management, and continued to deepen the compliance management of the




160
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Company to keep continuous and standardized development of the Company’s various businesses.

(I) Organizational Structure for Compliance Management

Since its establishment, the Company has been adjusting and improving the organizational structure for
compliance management based on the changes of the market environment and regulatory requirements
and the development needs of business. According to the requirements of the Measures for the Compliance
Management of Securities Companies and Securities Investment Fund Management Companies (《 證
券公司和證券投資基金管理公司合規管理辦法》) issued by the CSRC, the Company clarified the compliance
duties of the Board of Directors, senior management, chief compliance officer, and responsible persons


                                                                                                                         About Us
of all departments, all branches and subsidiaries at all levels (hereinafter referred to collectively as “all
subordinate units”) in the Articles of Association and the basic compliance management system. The
Company adhered to the concept of “full compliance” and “starting compliance management from
the management”. The current compliance management organizational structure is sound with clear
positioning of responsibilities at all levels, and a three-dimensional compliance working system has been
built to ensure the across-the-board performance of duties.

The Board of Directors is the supreme decision-making body for compliance management of the Company,
which bears ultimate responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, decides on the


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
compliance management objectives and is responsible for the effectiveness of compliance management
of the Company. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is
responsible for guiding the overall risk management of the Company and controlling the risks within a

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
reasonable range to ensure that the internal management system, business rules, significant decisions
and main business activities of the Company are in compliance with laws and regulations and the risks
are controllable and bearable. The senior management assumes the major responsibilities for compliance
management, implements the compliance management objectives of the Company and is responsible
for the whole company’s compliance management. Responsible persons of all subordinate units are
responsible for their units’ operations in accordance with laws and regulations. All the staff of the Company
are responsible for the compliance of the operational matters and professional conducts within the range




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
of their operational activities.

The chief compliance officer is in charge of the compliance of the Company, conducts audit, inspection
and supervision on the compliance of the management and professional conducts of the Company and
its staff, and helps the operation management effectively identify and manage compliance risks. The
chief compliance officer is a member of the Company’s senior management, and is appointed by the
Board of Directors. The chief compliance officer does not hold any concurrent posts or take charge of any
departments that conflict with his/her compliance management duties.

The Company has established a Legal Compliance Department as the compliance department of the
Company to assist the chief compliance officer in performing specific compliance management duties,
mainly including: establishment of the compliance management system of the Company, compliance



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
training, inspection and guidance, assessment and unified disposal of compliance risks, compliance
review and compliance reports, establishment of the legal management system of the Company, review
of legal documents, handling of legal affairs, assessment of and consultation on legal risks, monitoring and




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
management of anti-money laundering and Chinese Wall, communication and cooperation with external
compliance supervision and management institutions.

All departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company have their own compliance officers who are
mainly responsible for the compliance management work of the unit he/she belongs to, carrying out timely
and effective supervision, inspection, assessment and reporting on the implementation of compliance
policies and procedures by such unit and its staff, and is responsible for the unit’s information exchange,
communication and reporting with the compliance department and other compliance management work.

(II) Compliance System Building of the Company

The Company continued to improve the compliance management system and formed various compliance




                                                                                                                161
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          management systems, including the Compliance Management System, the Measures for the Compliance
          Management of Subsidiaries, the Daily Working Measures for Compliance Management and the Measures
          for Management of Compliance Management Personnel.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated or amended compliance systems such as the
          Measures on Handling Business Complaints from Customers, the Management System for Abnormal
          Securities Trading Behavior of Customers and the Integrity Code, which further optimized the compliance
          control system.

          (III) Inspection Carried out by the Compliance Department during the Reporting
          Period

          During the Reporting Period, the compliance department of the Company continued to carry out targeted
          inspections on key businesses and key processes, and organized and launched compliance inspections
          on fund custody and service business, special compliance inspections on the offering of debt financing
          business, special compliance inspections on branches, special compliance inspections on subsidiaries and
          special compliance inspections on anti-money laundering, etc. as well as continued to follow up on the
          progress of rectification and improvement work.

          (IV) Progress of Audit Work of the Audit Department during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, under the leadership of the Company, the Audit Department closely aligned
          with the Company’s core strategy, adhered to the principles of “risk orientation, value enhancement
          and technology-driven audit”, took “scientific regulation” as the benchmark and “digital intelligence
          transformation” as the driving force, carried out inspections and evaluation on the establishment and
          implementation of the internal control mechanisms of each department and subsidiary, and each branch
          and securities business department of the Company, the legality and compliance of business operation,
          operating guarantee, client services, anti-money laundering and innovative business, as well as the
          accuracy of financial revenue and expenditure and accounting calculation, ensuring all works to comply
          with the quality control requirements and successfully completed the annual tasks.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department served the classified and stratified customer
          service system that links the whole business chain, continued to expand the scope of audit supervision
          in depth and width without leaving any area undiscovered, ensuring that audits are carried out in an
          overall and rigorous manner and that violations must be held accountable. During the Reporting Period, it
          completed 203 audit items, including 19 special audits on performance of duties by senior management
          members of the Company and Huatai United Securities; 22 regular and General Managers’ departure audits
          on business and management departments, including the research institute, asset custody department,
          financial products department, securities investment department, wealth management department, fixed
          income department, debt financing department, margin financing and securities lending department, sales
          and trading department, platform operation department, investment advisor development department,
          financial innovation department, central trading room, fund operation department, compliance legal affairs
          department, risk management department and information technology department; 10 regular and senior
          management’ departure audits on subsidiaries, including Huatai Futures, Huatai United Securities, Huatai
          Asset Management, Huatai Innovative Investment, Huatai Purple Gold Investment, Huatai International and
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong); 4 departure and mandatory leave audits on General Managers
          of branches, including those in Changzhou, Taizhou, Northwest and Henan; 138 departure and mandatory
          leave audits on General Managers of securities branches, including those in East 3rd Ring Road, Beijing, West
          3rd Ring Road, Beijing, Longqi Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, Weihai Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai, Century
          Avenue, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, Pazhou Avenue, Guangzhou, Xingmin Road, Guangzhou, Haizhu
          Plaza,Guangzhou, China Resources Land Tower, Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen, Fund Tower, Shennan Avenue,
          Shenzhen, Hongli Road, Shenzhen, Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen, Daguang Road, Nanjing, Minzhi Road, Nanjing,
          Lushan Road, Nanjing, and Zhimaying, Nanjing; 10 special audits including assessment of the effectiveness
          of corporate compliance management, corporate internal control evaluation, effectiveness evaluation of
          the dynamic monitoring system for corporate risk control indicators, evaluation of corporate anti-money




162
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
laundering, specific securities investment and funds custody and service business, specific funds sales
business, specific related-party transactions, comprehensive risk management of the Company as well
as special key matters in 2024. As of the end of the Reporting Period, audit reports have been issued for 185
audit items; 615 audit opinions and suggestions were put forward; according to the Implementing Rules
for Penalties of Illegal Behaviors Discovered in Audit of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., suggestions were made
on penalties against relevant personnel, to reinforce the accountability constraints and achieve a warning
effect. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company procured units to completed the rectification
of 485 issues through optimizing rectification mechanism and multiple measures, with the rectification
completion rate of 99.79% as of the end of the Reporting Period. All units under auditing actively coordinated
in the auditing process and the audit opinions and suggestions were recognized by units under auditing

                                                                                                                                    About Us
and their responsible persons.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department adhered to the principle of addressing both
symptoms and root causes. For issues identified during audits, it delved into underlying causes and drove
audited units to plug loopholes at the institutional level, achieving the management value of “auditing one
point to standardize an entire area”. On the one hand, it reshaped business management rules. Through
root cause analysis, it procured the asset management subsidiaries, proprietary trading departments and
multiple branches to revise specific rules on risk mitigation, new share subscriptions, client management
and anti-money laundering, transforming ambiguous operational practices into clear institutional


                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
standards, ensuring business operations followed established standards and enhanced management
precision. On the other hand, as for the pain points of manual operational errors and lack of traceability, it


                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
promoted business departments to introduce pre-execution validation mechanisms in derivative trading
and product issuance. By leveraging systems to automatically verify relationships, thresholds limitation and
product structures, it physically isolated the possibility of non-compliant operations, transforming the “soft
constraints” of regulations into the “hard defenses” of systems.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department continuously enhanced data completeness,
enriched the audit model library, and pushed ahead the transformation of the audit model from
“human-driven clue discovery” to “data-driven clue discovery”. On the one hand, it refined the audit data




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
marketplace, integrating key operational data including product sales data and commission adjustment
workflows on basis of existing brokerage business data. Customized solutions were developed for each
unstructured data, converting them into analyzable structured information and effectively expanding
the data marketplace’s dimensionality. On the other hand, it explored the data depth to achieve “precise
profiling” through model-driven approaches, and iteratively refined the audit model system. Throughout the
year, 31 new or iterated audit sampling and analysis models were introduced, with a focus on constructing
specialized analytical models for risk areas such as securities margin financing risk notifications, anti-money
laundering overdue and risk hierarchic validity, financial product sales orders, and abnormal practitioner
behavior. This enables automated scanning and anomaly detection across massive business data.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department reshaped its rectification mechanism,
transitioning from “passive rectification” to “closed-loop governance.” On the one hand, based on



                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
thorough research, it standardized rectification processes at the institutional level, reinforced rectification
responsibilities, clarified criteria for classifying rectification statuses, and established differentiated
rectification timelines and reporting requirements. Concurrently, it defined the responsibilities of branches,



                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
relevant business departments and functional departments in overseeing, guiding and participating in
rectification efforts. On the other hand, it further clarified its own responsibility for tracking audit rectifications.
By assigning dedicated follow-up personnel to each audited unit, it ensured continuity in rectification
oversight, promoted unit-based full lifecycle management of issues, and continuously developed and
optimized systematic rectification management tools, enabling closed-loop management from issue entry,
rectification feedback, document archiving to issue closure. Quarterly oversight processes were rolled out
to enforce branches’ responsibilities in supervising rectification of audit findings at their territorial business
branches, ensuring accountability is reinforced at every level and no blind spots remain in the rectification
process.




                                                                                                                           163
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XIV. INFORMATION ABOUT THE STAFF OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND
          MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AS AT THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
          (I) Information about the Staff

          Number of staff employed by the parent company                                                              11,688

          Number of staff employed by major subsidiaries                                                              3,823

          Total number of staff employed                                                                              15,511

          Number of retired staff of the parent company and its major
                                                                                                                       245
          subsidiaries that need to be paid for the cost

                                                                 Profession Composition

          Profession                                                                                     Number of staff

          Operation professionals                                                                                     9,836

          Operation support professionals                                                                             2,455

          Research and development professionals                                                                      3,220

          Total                                                                                                       15,511

                                                                          Education

          Degree of education                                                                          Number (persons)

          Doctor                                                                                                        186

          Master                                                                                                      7,653

          Bachelor                                                                                                    6,929

          Junior college graduate and below                                                                             743

          Total                                                                                                       15,511

          Note: Number of the Group’s staff includes dispatched workers and brokers etc.




                                                         Operation professionals                           Doctor


                                                         Operation support                                 Master
                      Profession
                                                         professionals                     Education
                     Composition
                                                                                                           Bachelor
                                                         Research and development
                                                         professionals                                     Junior college
                                                                                                           graduate and below




164
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 10 members of senior management, of whom
8 were male and 2 were female. The Group had 8,567 male employees and 6,944 female employees in
total, representing 44.8% being female employees (Note: Due to the internal policies of US companies, the
gender structure statistics do not include US company employees). The Board is of the opinion that the
Company has achieved gender diversity among its employees (including senior management), and is not
aware of any factors or circumstances which make achieving gender diversity across the workforce more
challenging or less relevant.

The Company issued the “Statement of Rights and Benefits of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.” (《华泰证券股份有限
公司權益及福利聲明》) on the official website of the Company, which explicitly advocates employee diversity


                                                                                                                      About Us
and ensures that the employment and career development of employees are not affected by any factors
such as race, faith, gender, religion, nationality, ethnicity, age, marital status and social status.

(II) Remuneration Policy

The Company implements the concept of stable operation, closely integrates compensation management
with risk management, pays attention to the bottom-line requirements of compliance and fully considers
the impact of market cycle fluctuations, industry characteristics and the Company’s business development
trends. The Company integrated the cultural concept of “compliance, integrity, professionalism and


                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
stability” into its compensation management and continued to improve its remuneration management
system compatible with its operation performance, business nature, level of contribution, compliance and
risk control, and social culture, as well as established and improved a sound remuneration incentive and

                                                                                                                    and Strategies
restraint mechanism to promote high-quality and sustainable development of the Company and the
industry.

The Company attached importance to the linkage between remuneration and benefits, took into account
both internal fairness and external competitiveness of incentives, and established a remuneration and
incentive allocation mechanism that is linked to the Company’s overall benefits, guided by the results of
the comprehensive appraisal, and matched with compliance and risk management. Staff remuneration
of the Company consists of fixed salary, rank-based allowances, performance bonus, medium and long-




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
term incentives and benefit plans, etc. The Company has established and implemented the restricted share
incentive scheme of A Shares in accordance with national laws and regulations, which established a sound
medium and long-term incentive and restraint mechanism to gather core talents.

Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, the Company makes full payments to social insurances and
housing fund accounts for staff in accordance with laws. Meanwhile, the Company has established the
supplementary medical insurance plan and enterprise annuity plan to improve supplementary medical
care and retirement treatment of staff.

(III) Training Programs




                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
To align with innovation and transformation trends in the industry, the Company continued to centralize
its training on the aspects including ideological and political, industry culture, general competencies,
specialized skills and international perspectives, with annual plans progressing in an orderly manner.
Specific measures include: conducting ideological and political education alongside securities industry



                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
culture training to deepen the integration of theoretical grounding, cultural development and talent
cultivation; implementing cadre education and training programs focused on three areas: theoretical
literacy, political capability and performance competency; establishing a full-cycle career development
system covering managers (the “BAL” Program), high-potential employees (the “HIPO” Program) and new
hires (the “STAR” Program); organizing specialized training in wealth management, institutional business,
fintech and compliance and risk control to enhance professional competencies and occupational ethics
of employees; broadening employees’ international perspectives through initiatives like Trend Forums and
cross-border integrated business exchange, strengthening domestic-international business coordination.

In addition, the Company continuously optimized the cloud learning platform, and launched an “AI learning”
tool to effectively enhance learning efficiency. During the Reporting Period, the Company organized 590




                                                                                                             165
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          live broadcast training sessions on the platform. 1,056,400 participants studied through the platform and
          completed 345,800 hours of learning with an average of 32.41 credits for each participant, demonstrating
          significant achievements in digital learning.

          (IV) During the Reporting Period, There Was No Labor Outsourcing by the Company.



          XV. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN
          OR OTHER EMPLOYEE INCENTIVES MEASURES AND THEIR IMPLICATION
          On February 8, 2021, a series of resolutions including the Resolution on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
          of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary was considered and approved at the
          Company’s first extraordinary general meeting of 2021. On March 23, 2021, upon consideration and approval
          at the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company made
          adjustment to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and agreed to grant restricted A Shares to
          the incentive participants, and the grant date was determined to be March 29, 2021. For details, please refer
          to the announcements of the Company dated December 31, 2020 and March 23, 2021.

          (I) Summary of the Share Incentive Scheme

          1. Purposes

          The Company has formulated the Incentive Scheme in accordance with the relevant requirements of the
          Company Law, the Securities Law, the Trial Measures on Implementation of Share Incentive Schemes by
          State-owned Listed Companies (Domestic) (Guo Zi Fa Fen Pei [2006] No. 175) (《國有控股上市公司 ( 境內 ) 實施
          股權激勵試行辦法》( 國資發分配 [2006]175 號 )), the Notice on Issues concerning Regulating the Implementation
          of the Share Incentive Schemes by State-Owned Listed Companies (Guo Zi Fa Fen Pei [2008] No. 171) (《關於
          規範國有控股上市公司實施股權激勵制度有關問題的通知》( 國資分配 [2008]171 號 )), Opinions on Supporting Share
          Repurchase by Listed Companies (CSRC Announcement [2018] No. 35) (《關於支持上市公司回購股份的意見》( 中
          國證監會公告 [2018]35 號 )) and The Administrative Measures on Incentive Scheme of Listed Companies (CSRC
          Decree No. 148) (《上市公司股權激勵管理辦法》( 中國證監會令第 148 號 )). The main purposes of implementing
          the Incentive Scheme are as follows: (1) to deepen and implement the mixed-ownership reform of state-
          owned enterprises; (2) to stabilize and enhance the Company’s value; (3) to advocate the concept of joint
          and sustainable development of both the Company and the individual; (4) to establish and improve the
          long-term incentive and restriction mechanism of the Company.

          2. Scope of the Incentive Participants

          The incentive participants granted under the Incentive Scheme shall include directors and senior
          management officers and other core key employees of the Company, but exclude non-executive Directors
          (including independent Directors) and Supervisors of the Company. All of the incentive participants are
          employed with the Company (including branches) or wholly-owned or majority-controlled subsidiaries.

          3. Interests Proposed to be Granted under the Share Incentive Scheme

          The Restricted A Shares proposed to be granted to the incentive participants under the Incentive Scheme
          shall be not more than 45,640,000 shares, representing 0.50% of the total share capital of the Company
          at the end of the Reporting Period. The source of shares is the ordinary A shares repurchased from the
          secondary market by the Company. The grant price shall be RMB9.10 per share and shall not be lower than
          the higher of 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for the last trading day preceding the date
          of the Share Incentive Scheme and 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for either the last 20
          trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days immediately preceding the Share Incentive Scheme.

          4. Validity Period of the Share Incentive Scheme and Arrangement of Lock-up Period




166
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The validity period of the Incentive Scheme shall commence from the date of completion of registration of
the granted Restricted Shares and end on the date when all the Restricted Shares granted to the incentive
participants are fully unlocked (excluding those subject to voluntary lock-up or reduction restriction over
Directors and senior management) or repurchased and deregistered, for a maximum of six years. As of the
disclosure date of this report, the remaining term of the Incentive Scheme is approximately one year and
one month.


The lock-up period of the Restricted Shares granted under the Incentive Scheme is 24 months from the date
of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding portion of the Restricted Shares, and the


                                                                                                                            About Us
unlocking period and unlocking schedule of each period of the Restricted Shares granted is set out below:

Unlocking                                                                                              Unlocking
Arrangement           Unlocking Period                                                                proportion

                      Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 24 months from
The first unlocking   the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                            33%
period                portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 36 months from
                      the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                      Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 36 months from
The second            the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                                                                            33%
unlocking period      portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 48 months from
                      the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares

                    Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 48 months from
The third unlocking the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                            34%
period              portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 60 months from
                    the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(II) Particulars of the Grant under the Share Incentive Scheme

On April 7, 2021, the Company received the Certificate of Registration of Changes in Securities issued by
China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to set out the record date
being April 6, 2021 and granted 45,488,000 Restricted A Shares to 810 eligible incentive participants at the
grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. The Company has completed the registration of the grant of the restricted
A Shares. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 7, 2021.

(III) Subsequent Development of the Share Incentive Scheme during the Reporting
Period


                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
1. Release from Selling Restriction of the Third Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share
Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company and Listing of Relevant Shares



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
The sixteenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the
Supervisory Committee of the Company held on April 29, 2025 considered and approved the Resolution on
Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the Third Lock-up Period under the Restricted
Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company respectively. The Company has completed the
relevant procedures for release from selling restriction of 12,427,384 restricted shares held by 718 incentive
participants in accordance with relevant regulations, the above-mentioned Shares were released from
selling restriction and were listed for trading on May 20, 2025. The closing price of A Shares as at the trading
date preceding to the release of selling restriction (i.e. May 19, 2025) was RMB16.51 per share.




                                                                                                                   167
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares

          The sixteenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the
          Supervisory Committee of the Company held on April 29, 2025 and the 2024 Annual General Meeting, the
          2025 First A Share Class Meeting, and the 2025 First H Share Class Meeting of the Company held on June
          20, 2025 considered and approved the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted
          A Shares of the Company, respectively. The Company repurchased and canceled part or all of 438,495
          restricted shares granted to 143 persons but subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment of
          condition of individual performance by incentive participants, release of employment with the Company
          and other circumstances.

          The nineteenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the thirteenth meeting of the sixth session
          of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on August 29, 2025 considered and approved the
          Resolution on Adjustment to the Repurchase Price Applicable to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
          Shares of the Company and made an adjustment to the repurchase price applicable to Restricted A Shares
          from RMB7.22 per Share to RMB6.85 per Share. The aforementioned Shares were completed to be cancelled
          on September 11, 2025.


          During the Reporting Period, changes in the restricted A Shares granted under the Share Incentive Scheme
          are as follows:
                            Number of locked                                                               Number of locked
                             at the beginning    Number of newly   Number of    Number of   Cancellation    at the end of the
          Participant            of the period          granted     unlocked    cancelled          price              period

          Zhou Yi                   244,800                   –      100,800           –              –             144,000

          Five highest
          remuneration               153,000                  –      153,000           –              –                    –
          individuals

          Other incentive
                                  13,528,079                  –    12,173,584    438,495           6.85             916,000
          participants

          Total                   13,925,879                  –    12,427,384    438,495           6.85           1,060,000



          (IV) There Was No Share Incentive Granted to the Directors and Senior Management
          during the Reporting Period.

          (V) Appraisal Mechanism for the Senior Management and the Establishment and
          Implementation of Incentive Mechanism during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company comprehensively promoted the tenure system and contractual
          management of the operating management, and organized senior management to sign the annual
          operating performance responsibility letter. The Company followed the principle of sharing goals,
          comprehensively benchmarking the market and attaching equal importance to incentives and restrictions
          in carrying out annual performance appraisal on senior management. Appraisal on senior management
          adopts the target appraisal on key performance indicators. The performance indicators are related not
          only to the annual operating goals of the Company but also reflect the orientation of compliance operation
          as well as the emphasis and difficulties of relevant work charged by such individual. The performance
          indicators and target value on senior management are determined by the Board based on the Company’s
          annual operation strategies, the characteristics of the Company, the market environment and others. The
          Board determines the level of annual appraisal and remuneration allocation of senior management at the
          end of the year after comprehensively considering the Company’s annual operating goals, the completion
          of relevant work charged by the senior management and the special annual compliance appraisal.




168
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
XVI. PROPOSAL OF PROFIT DISTRIBUTION OR CAPITALIZATION FROM
CAPITAL RESERVE
(I) Formulation, Implementation or Adjustment of Cash Dividend Policy

Article 190 of the Articles of Association has clarified the Company’s profit distribution policy, the decision-
making process for the profit distribution plan and the decision-making process for adjustments of the
profit distribution policy. The policy of the Company’s profit distribution is: “The Company shall focus on
generating a reasonable investment return to the investors and implements continual and steady policy of


                                                                                                                             About Us
profit distribution; the Company’s profit distribution shall not exceed the scope of accumulated distributable
profits nor impair the Company’s continual operational capability; the Company may distribute dividends
in form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares. Except for the special condition under which
the Company plans to conduct material investments or make major cash expenses within the next twelve
months, or other conditions that may result in the fact that the Company fails to comply with the regulatory
requirements regarding net capital, the Company shall distribute its dividends in form of cash if the
Company’s profits for the current year and its accumulated non-distributed profits are positive; for the last
three years, the Company’s accumulated profits distributed in form of cash shall not be less than 30% of
the annual average distributable profit realized for the last three years; upon the proposal by the Board of


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Directors and approval by the general meeting, an interim dividend distribution may be made in the form
of cash; the Company may distribute dividends in the form of shares based on the annual profits and cash


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
flow status and subject to the satisfaction of the lowest ratio for cash dividend and the reasonableness of
the Company’s equity scale.”

For the last three years (including the Reporting Period), the Company did not have any plan or proposal
regarding capitalization from capital reserve to share capital. The details of the profit distribution plan or
proposal of ordinary shares of the Company over the last three years (including the Reporting Period) were
as follows:

In 2023, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.43 (tax inclusive) per share based on the




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Company’s total share capital of 9,029,384,840 shares prior to the implementation of the plan, with the total
cash dividend of RMB3,882,635,481.20 (tax inclusive), representing 30.45% of net profit attributable to the
shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2023.

In 2024, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.52 (tax inclusive) per share (including the interim
cash dividend distributed in 2024) based on the Company’s total share capital of 9,027,302,281 shares
prior to the implementation of the plan, with the total cash dividend of RMB4,694,197,186.12 (tax inclusive),
representing 30.58% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated
basis for 2024.

In 2025 Interim, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) per share based on the




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Company’s total share capital of 9,026,863,786 shares prior to the implementation of the plan, with the
total cash dividend of RMB1,354,029,567.90 (tax inclusive), representing 17.94% of net profit attributable to the
shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for the half year of 2025.




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
In 2025, considering comprehensive factors such as shareholders’ interests and the Company’s
development, the proposed profit distribution plan for the Company in 2025 was as follows:

1. Based on the total share capital of the Company of 9,026,863,786 shares as of the end of the Reporting
Period, a cash dividend of RMB0.40 per share (tax inclusive) was distributed, with the total cash dividend
amounting to RMB3,610,745,514.40 (tax inclusive). In 2025, the Company has implemented an interim profit
distribution, with a cash dividend of RMB0.15 per share (tax inclusive), totaling RMB1,354,029,567.90 (tax
inclusive). The total cash dividends distributed by the Company in 2025 (including the cash dividends
already distributed in the interim period) amount to RMB4,964,775,082.30 (tax inclusive), representing a total
cash dividend of RMB0.55 per share (tax inclusive), accounting for 30.30% of the net profit attributable to
shareholders of the listed company in the 2025 consolidated financial statements.

Where there is a change in the Company’s total share capital due to matters such as the grant of shares




                                                                                                                    169
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          under share-based incentive schemes or the repurchase and cancellation of shares during the period from
          the disclosure date of this proposal to the record date of the implementation of the dividend distribution, the
          Company intends to maintain the distribution ratio per share unchanged and adjust the total distribution
          accordingly. The remaining profits available for distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next
          year.

          2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the
          depositary of GDRs) and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding
          the investors of Southbound Trading) in HKD or RMB. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be
          calculated at the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB to HKD issued by the PBOC five business days
          prior to the date of the 2025 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

          Upon consideration and approval of the profit distribution proposal of the Company for 2025 at the 2025
          Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company will distribute the cash dividend for 2025 before
          August 31, 2026.


          (II) Particulars of Cash Dividend Policy

          Whether it is in compliance with the requirements of the Articles of Association
                                                                                                                 √Yes     No
          or the resolutions of general meetings

          Whether the dividend distribution criteria and proportion are well defined and
                                                                                                                 √Yes     No
          clear

          Whether the relevant decision-making procedures and mechanism are
                                                                                                                 √Yes     No
          complete

          Whether the independent directors fulfil their duties and play their roles                             √Yes     No

          Whether the minority shareholders have the opportunities to sufficiently voice
          their opinions and make requests, and whether their legal interests are fully                          √Yes     No
          protected



          (III) Proposal of Profit Distribution and Share Capital increase by Way of Transfer
          from Capital Reserves during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


          Number of bonus shares per 10 shares (share)                                                                      –

          Dividends per 10 shares (Yuan) (tax inclusive)                                                                5.50

          Number of increased shares per 10 shares (share)                                                                  –

          Amount of cash dividends (tax inclusive)                                                       4,964,775,082.30

          Net profit attributable to the shareholders of ordinary shares of the Company in
                                                                                                        15,587,075,609.88
          the consolidated statement

          Percentage of amount of cash dividends to net profit attributable to the
          shareholders of ordinary shares of the Company in the consolidated financial                                  31.85
          statements (%)

          Amount for repurchase of shares under cash included in cash dividends                                             –

          Total amount of dividends (tax inclusive)                                                      4,964,775,082.30

          Ratio of total amount of dividends to net profit attributable to ordinary
                                                                                                                        31.85
          shareholders of the listed company in consolidated statements (%)




170
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Note: Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the listed company is net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company after
deducting the effect of dividends from other equity instruments and restricted share bonuses. For details, please refer to “19. Basic and diluted
earnings per share” to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial
Statements” of this report. Based on net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company for the year, the percentage of cash dividend
for the year was 30.30%.




(IV) Cash Dividends for the Last Three Accounting Years

                                                                                                                       Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


Total amount of cash dividends for the last three accounting years (tax

                                                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                                                                            13,541,607,749.62
inclusive) (1)

Total amount for repurchase and cancellation for the last three accounting
                                                                                                                                                 -
years (2)

Total amount of cash dividends and that for repurchase and cancellation for
                                                                                                                            13,541,607,749.62
the last three accounting years (3)=(1)+(2)

Average annual net profit amount for the last three accounting years (4)                                                    14,975,962,522.72


                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Cash dividend payout ratio for the last three accounting years (%) (5)=(3)/(4)                                                             90.42



                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the listed company in
                                                                                                                           15,587,075,609.88
consolidated statements for the latest accounting year

Undistributed profit as at the year end of the parent company’s statements for
                                                                                                                          28,398,230,899.89
the latest accounting year




XVII. ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION OF THE LISTED COMPANY AND


                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
ITS MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES INCLUDED IN THE LIST OF ENTERPRISES
W H O S E E N V I R O N M E N TA L I N FO R M AT I O N I S D I S C LO S E D I N
ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW

The company is a financial enterprise, and neither the Company nor its major subsidiaries are included in
the list of enterprises that are legally required to disclose environmental information. The Company entrusts
qualified third-party organisations to conduct inspections for the wastewater, waste gases and noises of
the headquarters office every year. All inspections are in line with the national standards.




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
(I) Information conducive to ecological protection, pollution prevention and control,
and environmental responsibility fulfillment



                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
1. The Company has actively responded to the Measures for the Administration of Domestic Waste
Classification in Nanjing City (《南京市生活垃圾分類管理辦法》), setting up waste sorting and disposal points
on each floor. The Company has promoted the concept and practices of waste sorting among employees
by posting publicity posters in prominent public areas and playing promotional videos on a loop in elevator
lobbies, fostering a strong atmosphere of “Waste Sorting, Everyone’s Participation” and cultivating good
habits of proactive sorting and conscious disposal. Office waste is collected and transported uniformly by
property management. Hazardous waste such as e-waste, light tubes, toner cartridges and toner cartridges
is entrusted to qualified entities for recycling, disposal or reuse.

2. The Company clearly stipulates in its vehicle management system that priority shall be given to the
purchase of new energy vehicles for business operation, practicing low-carbon and environmentally friendly




                                                                                                                                                      171
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          operation. New energy vehicle charging piles are installed in the underground garage of Huatai Securities
          Plaza to encourage employees to choose green travel and advocate the concept of environmental
          protection.

          3. During the decoration and renovation of business and office premises, the Company has extended
          the service life of decorated business premises, reduced renovation frequency and pollution caused by
          decoration and renovation by setting a minimum renovation cycle (no decoration and renovation shall
          be carried out if the minimum cycle is not exceeded except under special circumstances) and improving
          the quality of decoration and renovation projects. New building materials are adopted in decoration
          and renovation to integrate environmental protection into construction. In terms of curtain walls, interior
          decoration and landscape, the concept of green, innovative and environmental protection is followed.
          Low-energy-consumption LED lighting is widely used in office spaces, greatly saving electricity for daily
          office lighting. The use of paint-based decoration materials is significantly reduced and replaced with
          environmentally friendly paint-free materials. Panel furniture is widely used for office furniture, basically
          eliminating the use of painted furniture. The intensity of post-renovation air testing and treatment has been
          increased to improve air quality in the office environment, providing a safe, comfortable and favorable
          working environment for employees.

          (II) Measures taken and effects achieved to reduce carbon emissions during the
          Reporting Period

          1. Focusing on the goals and tasks of “Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality”, the Company has implemented
          a comprehensive conservation strategy. It has carried out extensive publicity and education on energy
          conservation and carbon reduction through activities such as Energy Conservation Publicity Week, Low-
          Carbon Day and “One Hour on Earth ( 地 球 一 小 時 )”, actively fostering a strong atmosphere of energy
          conservation and carbon reduction, and further promoting the social trend of diligence, frugality and
          rational energy use.

          2. A photovoltaic power generation system is installed in Huatai Securities Plaza, which saved 88,984 kWh
          of electricity in 2025. During the operation of the office park, carbon emissions are reduced through various
          measures such as sunlight-induced lighting system, air-conditioning ice storage system, underfloor air
          distribution system and intelligent lighting control in office areas, bringing good social benefits to the low-
          carbon economy.

          3. The Company has entrusted a service provider to conduct a “water balance test” on Huatai Securities
          Plaza to improve water efficiency, realize scientific water management and rational water use, and
          guide water conservation. The water balance test can find out the current situation of water supply and
          use, correctly evaluate water use level, tap water-saving potential, clarify the main direction of water
          management, and provide a basis for further adopting water-saving technical measures and formulating
          water-saving plans.

          4. The greening rate of Huatai Securities Plaza is 27.9%, higher than that of general business office areas.
          Centering on the concept of garden-style office, the Company has continuously expanded the green plant
          area through multi-level landscapes such as central greening, vertical greening and roof gardens, reducing
          carbon emissions and contributing to carbon neutrality.

          5. The Company has actively implemented green building indicators in decoration and renovation
          construction projects and promoted measures to reuse existing facilities, reasonably controlling the “scale”
          and “degree” of renovation. While creating a beautiful and comfortable office space for employees, the
          Company has selected more environmentally friendly decoration materials and reduced greenhouse gas
          emissions generated from the demolition of original decoration materials and the production, transportation
          and installation of new decoration materials.




172
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
XVIII. SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES

The Company is a financial institution listed on the Shanghai, Hong Kong and London stock exchanges. The
Company will disclose its 2025 Sustainability Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. concurrently with the release
of its 2025 Annual Report. The report will be available on the website of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews
website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk), the website of LSE (www.londonstockexchange.
com) and the website of the Company (www.htsc.com.cn) on March 30, 2026.




     In 2025, in the ESG rating of Morgan Stanley
     Capital International (MSCI), the Company was
                                                                       Rating   AAA                                           About Us

     again rated AAA, retaining the highest rating in
                                                                   The highest rating in the global
     the global investment banking industry for the
                                                                   investment banking industry
     second consecutive year.




                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                                     Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                            and Strategies
External donations, public welfare projects                Number/Content       Description

                                                                                Total investment in public
Total investment (Ten Thousand Yuan)                                 1,609.86   welfare and charity projects of
                                                                                the Company

                                                                                Total investment in public
Of which: Funds (Ten Thousand Yuan)                                  1,609.86   welfare and charity projects of
                                                                                the Company




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
          Material equivalent (Ten Thousand Yuan)                           –   –

                                                                                Please refer to the description
Number of persons benefited (people)                                        –
                                                                                below this table


Notes: The Company has been committed to serving the rural revitalization strategy and supporting Jiangsu
Province’s east-west cooperation and assistance programs, and has earnestly advanced its consumer
assistance initiatives. It has established the “Huatai Securities Science and Technology Scholarship ( 華泰證券
科技獎學金 )”, which has rewarded more than 1,500 outstanding undergraduate students majoring in science,




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
technology and basic disciplines, helping to nurture talent. By deeply developing its public welfare brand
“One Commonweal Heart of Huatai ( 益心華泰 )”, the Company has provided support to disadvantaged
children in rural areas and the rural revitalization cause through the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai,
One Tomorrow ( 益心華泰 一個明天 )” rural education program, and has been continuously deepened and



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
expanded ecological and environmental protection program through the “One Commonweal Heart of
Huatai, One Yangtze River ( 益心華泰 一個長江 )” to diverse fields including youth talent development and public
environmental education, driving sustainable development from concrete actions to broader influence.
In 2025, the Company continued to pool social forces and injected diversified impetus into sustainable
development by relying on the Huatai Public Welfare Foundation, and was awarded the “Most Caring
Charitable Donating Enterprise ( 最具愛心慈善捐贈企業 )” at the 7th Jiangsu Charity Award.




                                                                                                                     173
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (I) Improving the ESG Governance System

          1. Deepening the ESG Concept

          The Company actively practices the concept of sustainable development, adheres to the core values of
          “efficiency, integrity, stability, and innovation ( 高效、誠信、穩健、創新 )”, and insists on embedding the ESG
          concept into the entire chain of strategic planning, operation management, and business management. It
          has continuously strengthened its comprehensive and multi-layered ESG governance structure, ensuring
          that the ESG concept is implemented in all aspects of corporate governance, achieving the organic unity
          of environmental responsibility, social responsibility, and corporate governance, and comprehensively
          improving its sustainable development capabilities and long-term value creation level.




          The Company always places
          its customers at the center and
          strives to create value for its                       Trust of
          customers, so as to win their                        Customers
                                                                                          The Company values people that
          trust with high-quality financial
                                                                                          are both talented and morally
          services.
                                                                                          respectable, for whom it has
                                                                                          built a systematic and all-round
                                                                                          career development platform
                                                             Responsibility               and fostered an optimistic

                                           Satisfaction of     Principles      Pride of   corporate culture, so as to
                                                                                          achieve common growth with its
                                           Shareholders        of Huatai      Employees
                                                                                          employees.
                                                               Securities




          The Company standardizes its                         Respect of                 The Company values the
          corporate governance structure                        Society                   harmonious development
          and attaches great importance                                                   of the financial system and
          to risk management and                                                          the society, gives full play to
          compliant operation, aiming to                                                  its professional strengths to
          achieve a stable increase in asset                                              facilitate social advances. It
          value and ensure sustainable                                                    also ac tively partic ipates in
          returns to its shareholders.                                                    social welfare promotion and
                                                                                          green development, fulfilling its
                                                                                          responsibilities as a corporate
                                                                                          citizen.




174
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2. ESG Management Structure

Guided by ESG principles, the Company has established a progressive and interconnected ESG
management framework across three levels: oversight, management, and implementation. An ESG
Committee, directly led and managed by the Board and management, is established to continuously
optimize the Company’s ESG management structure and build an efficient, collaborative, and vertically
integrated ESG management mechanism, comprehensively enhancing the systematic nature and
effectiveness of the company’s ESG management. The oversight level, primarily composed of the Board
and management, is fully responsible for overseeing ESG affairs. The management team has established
the ESG Committee which is responsible for formulating ESG strategies, guiding the implementation of ESG

                                                                                                                          About Us
strategies, determining the materiality of ESG matters and incorporating it into business considerations,
and identifying risks and opportunities. The implementation level consists of the ESG management team
under the ESG Committee, with ESG specialists appointed in relevant departments at headquarters and
subsidiaries to clarify the specific implementation of ESG-related work and effectively support the decision-
making of the oversight and management levels.



ESG Management Structure of Huatai
Securities

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Supervision level                                                       Board of
· Fully supervise ESG-related affairs                                   Directors


                                                                     Senior
Management level                                                   management
· Formulate ESG strategies for the Company
· Guiding the implementation of the ESG
strategy                                                    ESG Committee




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                                                 (with the CEO serving as the chairman and the
· Evaluate the importance of ESG-               Secretary to the Board as the deputy-chairman)
related affairs which will be taken into
consideration in business operations
                                         Permanent members                      Professional
· Identify ESG-related opportunities     (persons-in-charge of relevant
                                                                                  members
and risks                                 departments and subsidiaries)


                                                          ESG Management Team
Execution level                     Fixed Income Department    Huatai United
                                                               Securities           Persons-in-charge of other
· Actual implementation             Research Institute
                                                               Huatai Asset         relevant departments and
                                    Human Resources                                 subsidiaries and backbone
of ESG-related work                                            Management
                                    Department
                                                               Huatai               members with expertise
                                    Risk Management                                 knowledge and professional
                                                               International




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                    Department                                      capabilities in ESG
                                                               Huatai Purple
                                    Strategy and Development   Gold Investment
                                    Department




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 175
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. ESG Management Systems

          The Company continuously improves its ESG management system and issues and implements relevant
          ESG management policies. The Company made commitments in terms of safeguarding employees’ rights
          and interests, improvement of employee ethics, supplier management, data and information protection,
          and responsible investment, etc. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had totally issued 9
          statements and announcements relating to ESG, for details of which, please refer to the “Sustainability –
          Statements and Announcements” column in the official website of Huatai Securities.

          (II) Implementation of Responsible Investment Practices

          The Company has continuously improved its institutional system for responsible investment. It explicitly
          requires relevant business units to integrate ESG factors into the entire process of equity investment, fixed-
          income investment, private equity investment, and equity investment under alternative investment across
          the Group, and to internalize the three key factors of environmental responsibility, social responsibility and
          corporate governance as binding indicators into conventional investment decision-making processes. The
          Company strengthens the management of ESG-related responsible investment risks and opportunities,
          and enhances risk control through a closed-loop mechanism covering pre-investment ESG due diligence,
          mid-investment risk assessment and post-investment value empowerment. ESG factors are systematically
          embedded in investment procedures including investment target screening, research team analysis
          and approval by the Investment Decision-making Committee. The Company continuously optimizes its
          investment decision-making mechanism that incorporates ESG factors, providing strategic support for the
          innovation of sustainable financial products and the practice of responsible investment.

          The Company attaches great importance to ESG risk management, and has continuously improved its
          client ESG due diligence institutional evaluation system. It has formulated and implemented the Guidelines
          on Client Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Due Diligence (《客戶環境、社會及公司治理 (ESG) 盡
          職調查工作指引》) (the “Client ESG Due Diligence Guidelines” (《客戶 ESG 盡調指引》)), which manage and
          cover ESG risks of clients in financing business, private equity investment and investment banking business.
          The Client ESG Due Diligence Guidelines establish operable evaluation indicators and scoring rules across
          the three dimensions of environment, society and governance, and clarify the identification, tracking and
          reporting mechanisms for clients’ ESG risks in financing, private equity investment and investment banking
          business. In the “Environment and Sustainable Development” section of the supporting Client ESG Risk
          Due Diligence Evaluation Form (《客戶 ESG 風險盡職調查評價表》), indicators such as “Energy Conservation,
          Emission Reduction and Climate Change”, “Hazardous Waste and Pollutant Management” and “Biodiversity”
          are set to examine clients’ actions in reducing resource consumption, pollutants and greenhouse gas
          emissions, and assess potential climate change-related risks faced by clients.

          The Company has continuously enhanced its ESG risk technology, and has integrated key ESG functional
          modules into the credit analysis framework of CAMS, the Group’s unified credit risk management tool and
          credit research platform – Big Data Intelligent Credit Investment and Research Platform ( 大數據智能信用投
          研平台 ). The triggering of ESG early warning information will ultimately affect the entity’s credit quality score
          and investment access judgment based on the score. The CAMS intelligent rating system establishes five
          evaluation dimensions: “Industry, Finance, Environment and Accidents, General Violations, and Corporate
          Governance ( 產業、財務、環境與事故、一般違法違規、公司治理 )”, to comprehensively track and monitor ESG
          risk exposure and risk response of listed companies and bond issuers. Through the CAMS ESG functional
          modules, the Company empowers ESG risk management and provides digital support for sustainable
          development.

          (III) Leading Green Finance Innovation

          The Company deeply implemented the concept of green development, continuously developed the energy
          and environmental protection industries, and effectively responded to green finance needs of the Company.
          Following the “Guiding Opinions on Promoting the Response to Climate Change Investment and Financing”,
          the Company proactively supported the listing and financing of new energy and energy conservation




176
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
and environmental protection enterprises, innovated green financial products and services, vigorously
developed green finance businesses, jointly promoted green technological innovation, and contributed to
ecological civilization construction. The Company focused on leveraging comprehensive service capabilities
in investment trading, product creation and risk management, and actively utilized REITs tools to revitalize
existing assets in the green sector.

The Company continued to facilitate green bond business to support the development of green industrial
projects. In 2025, Huatai United Securities has served 9 new energy, energy conservation and environmental
protection related enterprises to complete equity financing, with the green equity underwriting scale
reaching RMB22.805 billion; underwritten 84 green bonds, with an underwriting scale of RMB23.070 billion;


                                                                                                                          About Us
and underwritten 20 carbon neutrality bonds, with an underwriting scale of RMB3.302 billion. Huatai Asset
Management issued a total of 9 green finance products, with an issuance scale of RMB8.226 billion; and
the scale of Huatai Purple Gold Investment’s Carbon Neutrality Hybrid Initiated Securities Investment Fund
Product reached RMB30.1491 million.

The Company actively participated in the establishment and development of national and regional
carbon markets, building carbon financial products and trading service systems for both domestic and
international markets. The proprietary carbon emissions investment and trading business has engaged in
trading of carbon allowance transactions and China Certified Emission Reduction (CCERs) in local markets



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
including Guangdong, Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen and Hubei. In 2025, the Company’s proprietary carbon
emissions investment and trading volume was 1.13 million tons, with a transaction value of RMB63.14 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 82%. Notably, the trading volume of China Certified Emission


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Reduction (CCERs) surged to a record high of 850,000 tons, representing a year-on-year increase of 41 times
and ranking among the top securities firms in trading volume. The Company was awarded the “Outstanding
Green Finance Business Innovation Institution Award ( 優秀綠色金融業務創新機構獎 )” from Shanghai Clearing
House in 2024, the “Outstanding Membership Award ( 優 秀 會 員 獎 )” from the Shanghai Environment and
Energy Exchange in 2024, and the “Carbon Finance Innovation Award ( 碳金融創新獎 )” from the Hubei Carbon
Emission Exchange.

(IV) Strengthening Product Service Responsibility Guarantee




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
The Company continued to strengthen the application of digital finance, and promoted the deep
integration of business philosophy and digital transformation guided by innovation-driven. Adhering to
the overall vision of “making technology the most core competitiveness”, the Company targeted at the
four major digital transformation goals of “achieving client’s success, business innovation, operation
optimization and employee empowering”, deeply explored artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big
data, and strived to build digital financial services, digital platforms and digital infrastructure to promote
business transformation and improve quality and efficiency. In 2025, the Company was awarded the “Golden
Bull Award for Financial Technology ( 金融科技金牛獎 )” from China Securities Journal (《中國證券報》) and
the “Outstanding Broker Demonstration Institution for Fintech” award from China Fund News (《 中 國 基 金
報》); several projects including the “Global Trading Platform” and “Research and Application Practice of



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Cybersecurity Attack Surface Management in the Securities Industry ( 證券行業網絡安全攻擊面管理研究與應用
實踐 )” were awarded the second prize of the 2024 Financial Technology Development Award (2024 年度金融
科技發展獎 ) by the People’s Bank of China and the China Securities Regulatory Commission.



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
The Company has always attached great importance to data information security and customer privacy
protection, strictly abided by the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國數據安
全法》), the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國個人信息
保護法》) and the Measures for the Administration of Cybersecurity and Information Security in the Securities
and Futures Industries (《證券期貨業網絡和信息安全管理辦法》) and other laws, regulations and regulatory
requirements, and issued the data security management measures, data lifecycle security management
standards, data classification and grading management measures and other policies, formulated
emergency response and disposal processes for security incidents, data security emergency plans, etc.,
and continuously promoted the formulation and improvement of data security management rules.

The Company has released and strictly implemented the Investor Education Work System of Huatai




                                                                                                                 177
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Securities Co., Ltd. (《 华 泰 证 券 股 份 有 限 公 司 投 資 者 教 育 工 作 制 度 》), improved management mechanisms
          and policy processes, incorporated investor education and protection into the entire business process,
          strengthened the adaptability of investment and education resources through external educational
          resources and digital tools, and implemented regulatory requirements for investor protection and
          education. In 2025, the Company’s investor education services received an A grade in the investor
          education evaluation assessment of brokerage firms organized by the SAC, the SSE, the SZSE and the NEEQ.

          (V) Deepening Employees’ Growth Empowerment

          The Company strictly abides by relevant national laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s
          Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動法》), the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中
          華 人 民 共 和 國 勞 動 合 同 法 》) and other laws and regulations, formulated and implemented policies related
          to employee rights and management, attached importance to protection of employee rights, health and
          safety security and management of career development. The Company comprehensively implemented the
          labor contract system for all employees, provided equal employment opportunities to employees, resolutely
          opposed employment discrimination, ensuring that employees’ employment and career development were
          not affected by any factors such as race, faith, gender, religion, nationality, ethnicity, age, marital status and
          social status. The Company deepened the strategic focus, introduced diversified talents through campus
          recruitment, social recruitment, internal recruitment, and other flexible and diverse recruitment methods to
          continuously build the talent echelon towards the future.

          The Company attaches great importance to the talent cultivation and capacity construction. It has
          established a cultivation and development system covering the whole life cycle of employee growth, and
          a growth path covering “newcomer – business backbone – composite elite – management generalist” to
          meet the development needs of employees at different stages, empowering the employee growth at all
          stages. The Company’s HTalent talent development system continued to focus on employee growth, relied
          on three series of training programs, namely the “Huatai STAR”, the “HIPO” for mature employees and the “BAL”
          ( 星 戰 營 ), covering and empowering the entire life cycle of employee career development. The Company
          continuously created broad career development space, supported the Company’s business layout and
          development through initiatives such as the Internal Talent Recruitment Program ( 新程計劃 ) and the “Four
          Aviation ( 四航 )” Program, optimizing the talent pool, promoting the healthy flow of internal talents and
          enhancing career development opportunities. The Company explored international career growth paths,
          continuously enhanced the international perspective of the talent team and strengthening the integration
          and collaborative linkage of domestic and foreign resources through cross-border job rotation programs
          and overseas training and learning programs.

          (VI) Promoting the Realization of Social Responsibility Value

          1. Assisting in ecological protection

          Responding to the requirements of the China National Biodiversity Conservation Strategy and Action Plan
          (2023-2030) (《中國生物多樣性保護戰略與行動計劃 (2023-2030 年 )》) issued by the Ministry of Ecology and
          Environment, the Company takes the initiative to serve the national strategy of “Comprehensive Protection
          of Yangtze River” and the policy initiative of “Collaboration between the Eastern and the Western Regions”.
          In 2018, the Company established the “One Yangtze River” ecological environment protection program, with
          investment amount exceeding RMB20 million. Along with the gradual project development, the project has
          extended its main coverage from the source of the Yangtze River to the middle and lower reaches of the
          river, and its content has been extended from key species protection and community development to a
          wider range of areas such as youth talent development and public education. In 2025, the “One Yangtze
          River” project was selected as a typical case of industrial and commercial biodiversity conservation by the
          Ministry of Ecology and Environment, promoting the harmonious coexistence between humans and nature
          through practical actions.

          The “Independent Commitments by Non-State Actors” of the Company with the theme of “One Yangtze River
          One World” was officially included in the database of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity
          (CBD) “Action Agenda”. Over the past three years, the Company has collaborated with various parties to




178
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
continuously carry out biodiversity protection practice, deeply responded to the “Kunming-Montreal Global
Biodiversity Framework” (《昆蒙全球生物多樣性框架》) reached at the 15th meeting of the parties, continuously
conducted the “Breathe to Live · Finless Porpoise Protection Program ( 生呼吸 · 江豚守護計劃 )” and the Jiangsu
Coastal Wetland Conservation Demonstration Project”. Through a series of public welfare actions, the
Company strengthened science popularization and education, and helped achieve the United Nations’ “3030
Goal” on biodiversity.

2. Promoting educational equity

Since the establishment in 2016, the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education
program of the Company has aimed to drive the comprehensive development of children in need and
promote educational equity, covering rural schools and children in need in Qinghai, Yunnan, Hubei, Anhui,                    About Us
Jiangsu and other places, mobilize the efforts of various parties to improve the living conditions of children in
need through quality education, family care, volunteer services and other diversified public welfare models,
helping healthy growth of left-behind children. As of the end of 2025, the targeted volunteering services
program towards left-behind children and teachers has benefited 171,287 children and 15,533 teachers, and
has mobilized 197,831 donations people to donate RMB3.662 million for assisting a total of 1,591 children in
financial difficulties.



                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
(VII) Responding to Climate Change

The Company has been actively responding to the challenges and opportunities brought by climate change


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
and has been attaching great importance to the climate-related management. In 2025 Sustainability
Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., with reference to the Corporate Sustainability Disclosure Standards –
Basic Standards (Trial) (《企業可持續披露準則 — 基本準則 ( 試行 )》) issued by nine ministries including the
Ministry of Finance of the PRC, the Corporate Sustainability Disclosure Standards No.1 – Climate (Trial) (《企業
可持續披露準則第 1 號 — 氣候 ( 試行 )》) issued by the Ministry of Finance of the PRC and the Ministry of Ecology
and Environment, the Guidelines No. 14 for Self-Regulation of Listed Companies — Sustainability Report
(Trial) issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the International Financial Reporting Sustainability Disclosure
Standards No.2 – Climate-related Disclosures (IFRS S2) (《國際財務報告可持續披露準則第 2 號 —— 氣候相關披




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
露》) issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and other climate-related disclosure
standards, the Company explored the assessment and management responding to the climate change,
so as to guarantee the implementation of climate actions in an orderly manner. For details of the 2025
Sustainability Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., please refer to the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk), the website of
the London Stock Exchange (www.londonstockexchange.com) and the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.
cn).




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                    179
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of climate-related disclosures by TCFD

                       • The Board of Directors is responsible for comprehensively supervising
                       climate risk.
                       Taking in charge of the overall supervision of relevant matters including
                       response to climate change topics, including supervising, directing and
                       reviewing climate change-related management approaches, policies,
                       strategies, objectives, action plans, risks and opportunities and other major
                       decisions and their implementation;
                       Assuming overall responsibility for the Company’s climate risk management,
                       regularly reviewing climate risk management strategies, objectives, risks and
                       opportunities, action plans and other major decisions and paying particular
                       attention to resolutions on climate change.
                       • The ESG Committee is the decision-making and deliberative body for ESG
                       work.
                     Responsible for formulating and reviewing strategies, goals and other major
                     decisions related to environmental protection, climate change and other
                     sustainable development;
                     Responsible for determining the materiality of climate change issues, and
                     identifying risks and opportunities of climate, and other important work;         Please refer
                     Responsible for the construction and management of climate-related                to P15-19, P57-
                     mechanism, and coordination of the overall implementation of climate              67 of 2025
          Governance change strategies.                                                      Sustainability
                       • The ESG management team is accountable to the ESG Committee and Report of Huatai
                       responsible for the implementation and promotion of environmental and
                                                                                             Securities Co.,
                       climate change-related policies.
                                                                                             Ltd. for details
                       The implementation of climate risk management strategy, statistics of
                       energy and resource consumption, and the accounting of greenhouse gas
                       emissions.
                       • All business departments and subsidiaries jointly promote the
                       implementation of climate change actions.
                       Explicitly responsible for the specific implementation of the work related
                       to climate change issues, so as to ensure the solid progress and effective
                       implementation of the work on climate change actions.
                       • The Company exercises the voting right externally and states its concerns
                       about resolutions on climate change, including but not limited to carbon
                       neutrality goals, actions on carbon emission reduction and response to
                       climate-related substantial and transformation risks.
                       Approving relevant resolutions in principle and incorporating relevant
                       industry regulatory policies on climate change, relevant systems of the
                       Company on climate change, the impacts of climate change risks on the
                       operation and finance of the Company as well as the measures of the
                       Company on identifying and responding to relevant risks into consideration.

                       • As a firm practitioner of the sustainable development philosophy,             Please refer
                       the Company aims at the sustainable development strategy, and                   to P57-67
                       actively analyzes and responds to climate change-related risks and              of the 2025
          Strategy     opportunities.                                                                  Sustainability
                       • Formulating response strategies and medium- to long-term plans Report of Huatai
                       for climate change, optimizing resource allocation, and ensuring Securities Co.,
                       effective implementation of strategic goals.
                                                                                        Ltd. for details




180
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
           • According to the latest industry trends and the latest domestic and
           international regulatory requirements, based on its own business
           and strategy and in combination with expert opinions, the Company
           evaluates climate-related risks and opportunities, constructs climate- Please refer
           related risk and opportunity matrix, analyzes related risks and takes to P57-67
           corresponding management measures.                                     of the 2025
Risk
           • The Company attaches great importance to the development of Sustainability
management climate-related talents and has set up training courses related to
                                                                                  Report of Huatai
           climate change and risk management for all employees of the Group. Securities Co.,
           • Establishing a series of emergency response plans, including the Ltd. for details
                                                                                                                        About Us
           Emergency Response Plan for Rainstorm, Flood and Heavy Snow,
           Emergency Plan for Typhoon Disaster and Emergency Plan for
           Earthquake Disaster.

              • As a financial enterprise, the Company’s energy consumption
              and carbon emissions in the course of operation mainly come from
              electricity, natural gas, gasoline, diesel and other energy sources Please refer to
              consumed in daily office work.                                      P57-67, P72-
            Reducing greenhouse gas emissions through energy-saving measures 77 and P137-

                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Metrics and such as using clean energy, promoting working paperless and 139 of the 2025
targets     encouraging green travel.                                              Sustainability


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
            • Conducting statistics and analysis of climate-related indicators and Report of Huatai
            setting short-, medium- and long-term goals.                           Securities Co.,
              The Company has set carbon emissions and energy management Ltd. for details
              targets with 2021 as the base year, and tracks and reports the progress of
              targets every year. In 2025, the Company exceeded the targets.




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
XIX. DETAILS ON CONSOLIDATION AND EXPANSION OF THE RESULTS
OF POVERTY ALLEVIATION, RURAL REVITALIZATION AND OTHER WORK
                                                                                               Currency: RMB

Poverty alleviation and rural revitalization          Number/
projects                                               Content     Description

Total investment (ten thousand yuan)                       1,325    –

  Of which: Funds (ten thousand yuan)                      1,325    –




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
           Material equivalent (ten thousand
                                                              –     –
           yuan)

                                                                    Mainly refers to the number of



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                                                                    people benefiting from rural
Number of people benefited (persons)                      33,712    revitalization in the paired
                                                                    assistance regions supported by
                                                                    the Company and its subsidiaries.




                                                                                                               181
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Poverty alleviation and rural revitalization                Number/
          projects                                                     Content    Description

                                                                                   Implementing projects such
                                                                                   as efficient facility agriculture,
                                                                                   smart village construction and
                                                              Supporting rural     environmental improvement in the
                                                              revitalization       paired assistance points to support
                                                              through              rural revitalization.
                                                              industrial
                                                              alleviation,         Continuously carrying out the “One
          Forms of alleviation (such as industrial poverty                         Tomorrow” rural education project,
                                                              education
          alleviation, employment poverty alleviation and                          organizing volunteer services and
                                                              alleviation,
          education poverty alleviation)                                           public welfare activities to visit
                                                              consumption
                                                              alleviation,         children in difficult circumstances,
                                                              financial            and supporting the growth of left-
                                                              alleviation and      behind children. Carrying out the
                                                              other forms          consumption alleviation action plan
                                                                                   in depth and actively purchasing
                                                                                   consumption alleviation products
                                                                                   from targeted support areas.


          In 2025, the Company continued to contribute to the national rural revitalization strategy by deepening the
          initiatives such as the “one company, one county ( 一 司 一 縣 )” paired assistance and “five-party linkage
          ( 五方掛鈎 )” targeted assistance through various forms such as industrial alleviation, education alleviation,
          consumption alleviation, financial alleviation and organizational alleviation.

          Deepening the “one company, one county ( 一司一縣 )” paired assistance with Jinzhai County, Anhui Province.
          The Company has shown care for the disadvantaged groups in Jinzhai, and organized Party member
          volunteers to visit and console the disadvantaged families in Jinzhai during important festivals such as the
          New Year’s Day and Spring Festival; and carried out community climate change tackling and disaster risk
          management capacity building projects in Liubo Village and Baofan Village of Jinzhai, provided seed funds
          to assisted communities, and supported communities in carrying out small-scale disaster prevention and
          reduction projects, etc.; and launched volunteer services and public welfare activities to visit children in
          difficult circumstances, provided living subsidies for children in difficult circumstances at Jinzhai Shuanghe
          Experimental School, improved their learning environment, carried out quality education, and help left-
          behind children grow up.

          Making efforts in the “five-party linkage ( 五方掛鈎 )” assistance work with Fengxian County, Jiangsu Province.
          In the towns and villages linked with the Company, 4 high-standard intelligent mushroom warehouses
          and 17 vegetable greenhouses have been built to support the development of rural industries and
          collective income growth. The Company actively carried out organizational alleviation, made functional
          transformation of village Party-mass service centers, and improved the environment for serving the
          people; established a regular mechanism for visiting and consoling the disadvantaged during traditional
          festivals such as the Spring Festival and the Mid-Autumn Festival, and organized special care for rural
          students and teachers on special days such as Children’s Day and Teachers’ Day; and deepened the “One
          Tomorrow” education assistance project in Fengxian County, implemented the “four-in-one” comprehensive
          empowerment integrating hardware, curriculum, health and care by taking education as the fulcrum for
          rural revitalization, and organized financial literacy courses in schools, smart playground construction, youth
          mental health projects, etc.

          Guiding the units under jurisdiction to participate extensively in rural revitalization. The Company
          implemented the action plan for consumption alleviation and supporting targeted support areas for 2024
          to 2025. In 2025, all units of the Company cumulatively purchased consumption alleviation products of
          more than RMB8.8 million from targeted support areas in Jiangsu Province. The subsidiaries of the Company




182
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
continued to leverage their financial expertise to support rural revitalization. In 2025, they invested over RMB1
million in dozens of regions including Yanchang County in Shaanxi Province, Lancang County in Yunnan
Province, Fengxian County in Jiangsu Province, Taihu County in Anhui Province and Yuping County in Guizhou
Province, etc., conducted more than 60 professional knowledge training sessions for village and town
government officials, village and town enterprise cooperatives, and professional agricultural technicians,
and organized volunteer activities for Party members and League members at paired primary schools, etc.,
thereby contributing to rural revitalization through practical actions.



XX. OTHER INFORMATION
                                                                                                                              About Us
(I) Company Secretary

Mr. Zhang Hui is one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, while Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne,
senior vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, is the joint company secretary
fulfilling the relevant qualification requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The company secretary is
mainly responsible for facilitating the operation of the Board, ensuring the effective communication between
the members of the Board and the observation of the policies and procedures of the Board, and ensuring


                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
the compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulations by the Company. Any Director can
discuss with, seek advice from and obtain information from the company secretary. The primary contact
person for Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne at the Company is Mr. Zhang Hui.

                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Each of Mr. Zhang Hui and Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne has complied with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules by receiving relevant professional training for no less than 15 hours during the
Reporting Period.

(II) Responsibilities of the Directors and Auditors in respect of the Accounts

The following statement of responsibilities of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
of this report. Each responsibility statement shall be understood separately.

The Board of Directors confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual report of the
Group for the year ended December 31, 2025.

The Board of Directors is responsible for presenting a clear and well-defined assessment of the annual and
interim reports, stock price sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed according to
the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided relevant and
necessary explanation and information for the Board of Directors so that the Board of Directors could make
informed assessment on the financial data and position of the Group for examination and approval at the
Board meetings.



                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
To the knowledge of Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant uncertainty
likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustainable operations. In addition,




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities which the
Directors and senior management may be exposed to.

For the purpose of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority’s Transparency Rule 4.1.12(3), each
Director (whose name and position are listed on page 151 of this report) of the Company, to the best of his/
her knowledge, confirms the following two points, respectively:

(a) the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards,
give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the
undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and

(b) the management report (being this annual report, excluding the financial statements referred to above
(on pages 8-190 of the financial report attached to this report) and the independent auditor’s report thereon




                                                                                                                     183
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (on pages 1-7 of the financial report attached to this report)) includes a fair review of the development
          and performance of the business and the position of the Group and the undertakings included in the
          consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that the
          Group faces.

          (III) Performance Assessment Results for Directors

          During the Reporting Period, the Directors of the Company had abided by the relevant provisions of laws,
          administrative laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, and performed their duties and
          obligations honestly and diligently.

          All the Directors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently
          in compliance with laws. They have attended Board meetings, various meetings of special committees
          and special meetings for independent directors in accordance with relevant provisions, considered
          each proposal seriously, offered advice and suggestions on significant strategic decisions and plans,
          important investment and financing projects, business innovations, related-party transactions, compliance
          management and internal control, system construction, appointment of senior management, performance
          assessment, enterprise cultural construction and social responsibilities of the Company, and acted as
          professional gatekeepers on such issues, which ensured those material decisions to be scientific and
          standardized as well as the sustainable and innovative development of the Company, and preserved the
          interests of the shareholders practically.

          For details on the performance of duties of the Company’s Directors, please refer to the “Performance of
          Duties of Directors” under this section in this report.

          (IV) Communication with Shareholders

          The shareholders’ general meeting of the Company, comprising all shareholders, is the power organ of the
          Company. The Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the
          relevant provisions of the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure
          the equal status of all shareholders, in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise
          their rights completely.

          The Company pays great attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively and regularly carries
          out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and meet their reasonable
          needs timely. The Company has formulated a series of relatively perfect rules and regulations such as the
          Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, to manage investor relationship in accordance with
          the standards, systems and procedures.

          The Company’s Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, namely the shareholder
          communication policy of the Company, was reviewed and amended by the Board on October 28, 2022
          to ensure implementation and effectiveness. The Company confirms that the current Administrative
          System Regarding Investor Relationship, namely the shareholder communication policy of the Company, is
          effectively implemented by the following measures:

          The provisions set out in the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship are designed to
          ensure that shareholders of the Company, including individual and institutional investors (collectively,
          “shareholders”) and, where appropriate, securities analysts and potential investors, have full and equal
          access to information about the Company in due course, thus to help the effective performance of
          shareholders’ rights, to enhance communication between shareholders and the Company, and to increase
          their understanding and recognition of the Company.

          The main channels through which the Company communicates information to its shareholders are the
          regular reports, announcements and circulars published on the websites of the SSE, the HKEXnews website
          of Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the website of LSE and the official website of the Company. In addition,
          the Company has developed good interaction and communication with its shareholders by means of
          holding regular results announcement meetings, opening a service hotline, setting up an investor relations




184
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
column on the website of the Company and conducting on-site research and receptions to ensure timely
communication of the relevant information about the Company to Shareholders and relevant parties.

The Board of Directors of the Company is willing to listen to shareholders’ advice and encourages
shareholders to attend the general meetings to ask the Board of Directors or the management directly
about any doubts they may hold. Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or submit
interim proposals to general meetings according to the procedures set out in Article 67 and Article 72 of the
Articles of Association, which were published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the HKEXnews
website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s official website. The Company will arrange for the
Board of Directors to answer the shareholders’ questions at its annual general meeting for 2025.

(V) Investor Relations                                                                                                     About Us

Investor relations is one of the key tasks for the Company’s standardized development and compliant
operations. The Board of Directors of the Company has always attached great importance to investor
relations management. The Company planned, arranged and organized various activities to manage
investor relations with a strong sense of responsibility, including coordinating on-site interviews to the
Company, and keeping in contact with regulatory authorities, investors, intermediary agencies and news
media and so on.


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Company timely updated information on the “Investor Relations” column on
the Company’s website, and answered inquiries from investors of the interactive E-platform on the website


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company has received 55 times of onsite investigations and surveys or
telephone interviews from approximately 290 researchers and investors such as securities companies and
funds companies at home and abroad in the whole year, and took the initiative to visit 6 financial institutions
including fund companies, insurance companies and asset management companies. The Company
carried out daily consultation work seriously for investors and answered their questions in detail. Meanwhile,
to assist the issuance of the periodic reports, the Company held 1 presentation for operating performance
and 3 online briefings on performance, and proactively attended strategy seminars and investment forums
held by domestic or foreign financial institutions. It attended 16 strategy seminars and investment forums




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
during the Reporting Period and maintained full communications with investors and researchers on issues
such as the development trend of the industry, operational results of the Company as well as its business
development strategy, which effectively promoted investors’ and researchers’ understanding of the business
condition and result performance of the Company, completely marketed the development advantages of
the Company, and correctly guided market expectations. The Company persisted in inducing and analyzing
various questions proposed by investors to continuously improve the professionalism, normalization and the
quality of investor relations management of the Company.



The Company’s reception of investigations and surveys, communications and participation in strategy
seminars and investment forums held by domestic or overseas financial institutions in 2025 are as follows:



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                                                                Major topics
                                                                                                discussed
                                                                                                and



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
    Date of                       Way of                                                        information
No. reception Meeting name        reception    Guests                                           provided

                                                                                                Operation
                                                                                                and financial
                                                                                                situation,
                                                                                                business
                Institutional
     January                      Onsite                                                        development
1               investigations                 Western Securities (2 persons)
     6, 2025                      interview                                                     highlights
                and surveys
                                                                                                and strategic
                                                                                                layout of the
                                                                                                Company,
                                                                                                etc.




                                                                                                                  185
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                        Major topics
                                                                                                        discussed
                                                                                                        and
              Date of                       Way of                                                      information
          No. reception Meeting name        reception   Guests                                          provided

                                                        Sinolink Securities, China Post Securities,
                                                        Changan Fund, Dongguan Securities,
                                                        Huabao Trust, Xunyuan Asset Management,
                           Institutional                Boyuan Fund, Guangdong Zhengyuan
               January                      Telephone
          2                investigations               Private Fund, Bo Guan Private Equity,
               10, 2025                     interview
                           and survey                   Shanghai Chaos Investment, China Everwin
                                                        Asset Management, Cinda Fund, Xiamen
                                                        Zhonglue Investment, Harvest Fund, CICC
                                                        Fund, China Universal (17 persons)

                           Institutional
               January                      Onsite
          3                investigations               Soochow Securities (1 person)
               14, 2025                     interview
                           and survey

                                                        UBS Securities, Sea Town, Point 72, Fidelity,
                           2025 UBS                     AllianceBernstein, Amundi, CEBI, Ginkgo
               January                      Onsite
          4                Greater China                Capital, Greenwoods Asset Management, JP
               15, 2025                     interview
                           Conference                   Morgan Asset Management, NT Asset, Pleiad
                                                                                                        Operation
                                                        (14 persons)
                                                                                                        and financial
                           Institutional                                                                situation,
               January                      Onsite                                                      business
          5                investigations               Bloomberg (1 person)
               21, 2025                     interview                                                   development
                           and survey
                                                                                                        highlights
                           Presentation                                                                 and strategic
                                                        UBS Securities, CITIC Securities, Guotai        layout of the
                           for 2024         Video and
               March 31,                                Haitong, CICC, GF Securities, J.P. Morgan,      Company,
          6                Annual Results   telephone
               2025                                     BofA Securities, Morgan Stanley, Goldman        etc.
                           of Huatai        interview
                                                        Sachs, DBS, etc. (more than 500 persons)
                           Securities

                                                        CITIC Securities, CCB Wealth Management,
                           Institutional
               April 7,                     Onsite      CCB Fund, Ridou Investment, Shanghai
          7                investigations
               2025                         interview   State-owned Assets, E Fund, Baoying Fund,
                           and survey
                                                        HSBC Jintrust (9 persons)

                           Institutional
               April 8,                     Telephone
          8                investigations               HSBC Jintrust (2 persons)
               2025                         interview
                           and survey

                           Institutional
               April 8,                     Onsite      Shenwan Hongyuan, Orient Securities Asset
          9                investigations
               2025                         interview   Management, Zhida Asset (4 persons)
                           and survey

                           Institutional
               April 9,                     Telephone
          10               investigations               ICBC Credit Suisse (3 persons)
               2025                         interview
                           and survey




186
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                             Major topics
                                                                                             discussed
                                                                                             and
    Date of                       Way of                                                     information
No. reception Meeting name        reception   Guests                                         provided

                                              GF Securities, CITIC Securities, CICC, CICC
                                              Fund, Hongta Securities, Nuode Fund,
                                              Xiamen Zhonglue Investment, Hangzhou
                 Institutional                Rongtai Yunzhen Private Equity Fund,
     April 9,                     Telephone
11               investigations               Shanghai Wealspring Asset Management,

                                                                                                                     About Us
     2025                         interview
                 and survey                   V&F Capital, HSBC Life, Aviva-COFCO Life,
                                              Kaiyuan Securities, Harvest Forever Capital,
                                              China Universal, Shanghai Zhaowan Asset
                                              Management (24 persons)

                 Institutional
     April 10,                    Telephone
12               investigations               China Life Pension (4 persons)
     2025                         interview
                 and survey



                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                 Institutional
     April 10,                    Telephone
13               investigations               E Fund (4 persons)
     2025                         interview


                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                 and survey

                 Institutional
     April 10,                    Telephone
14               investigations               Fullgoal Fund (6 persons)
     2025                         interview
                 and survey

                                              Minsheng Securities, Boyuan Fund,
                 Institutional
     April 10,                    Telephone   Hwabao WP Fund, Shanxi Securities Asset
15               investigations
     2025                         interview   Management, Everbright PGIM Fund, China




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                 and survey
                                              Dragon Securities (7 persons)

                 Institutional
     April 14,                    Onsite
16               investigations               Guotai Haitong, Zking Insurance (3 persons)
     2025                         interview
                 and survey

                                              Caitong Securities, Changjiang Securities,
                 Institutional                Fengbo Asset, Ren Bridge Asset, Hangzhou
     May 6,                       Telephone
17               investigations               Rongtai Yunzhen Private Equity, Peking
     2025                         interview
                 and survey                   University Founder Life Asset Management,
                                              Huatai Great Wall Capital (8 persons)




                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                                              Bank of America, Citadel International, Hao
     May 13,     BofA strategy    Onsite
18                                            Capital, Point72 Asset Management, Golden
     2025        forum            interview
                                              Pine Asset Management (8 persons)



                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                                              Citibank, Marshall Wace Asset Management,
     May 14,     Citibank         Onsite      Pinpoint Asset Management, Fountaincap
19
     2025        strategy forum   interview   Res&Inv (HK), Lazard Asset Management,
                                              China Asset Management (6 persons)

                 Institutional
     May 16,                      Onsite      Changjiang Securities, Maxwealth Fund (2
20               investigations
     2025                         interview   persons)
                 and survey




                                                                                                            187
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                          Major topics
                                                                                                          discussed
                                                                                                          and
              Date of                       Way of                                                        information
          No. reception Meeting name        reception   Guests                                            provided

                          “Talk to
                          Presidents” –
                          2025 Privileged
                                                        GF Securities, Aegon-Industrial Fund, Harvest
               May 23,    Conference        Onsite
          21                                            Fund, Caitong Asset Management, Fullgoal
               2025       among             interview
                                                        Fund, Origin Fund (7 persons)
                          Boutique Listed
                          Companies of
                          GF Securities

                                                        CITIC Securities, Zhongtai Securities,
                                                        China Asset Management, Wanjia Asset,
                          2025 Capital
                                                        Changjiang Pension, Maxwealth Fund,
               May 29,    Market Forum      Onsite
          22                                            Caitong Securities Asset Management,
               2025       of CITIC          interview
                                                        Tranquility Capital, Ridou Investment,
                          Securities
                                                        Kaiyuan Securities, Xinbolin Private Equity (12
                                                        persons)

                          2025 Interim
                          Strategy
                          Conference
                          and Listed                    Founder Securities, Xinyuan Asset
               May 29,                      Onsite
          23              Companies                     Management, Deyuan Investment, Fupei              Operation
               2025                         interview
                          Exchange                      Investment, Maxwealth Fund (5 persons)            and financial
                          Conference                                                                      situation,
                          of Founder                                                                      business
                                                                                                          development
                          Securities
                                                                                                          highlights
                          2025 Interim                  Guotai Haitong, Huashang Fund, Hzbank             and strategic
                          Strategy                      Wealth Management, Zhongtai Securities,           layout of the
               June 4,                      Onsite                                                        Company,
          24              Forum of                      Western Securities, AIA Life, Franklin
               2025                         interview                                                     etc.
                          Guotai Haitong                Templeton Sealand, Shanghai South Land,
                          Securities                    LyGH Capital (9 persons)

                          Institutional
               June 6,                      Onsite
          25              investigations                China Asset Management (1 person)
               2025                         interview
                          and survey

                          Interim                       CICC, Greenwoods, Rebeco, Shanghai
                          Investment                    Wealspring Asset Management, Bosera
               June 12,                     Onsite
          26              Strategy Forum                Funds, ICBC-AXA Life Insurance, China
               2025                         interview
                          of CICC for                   Merchants Fund, Dunhe Asset, Zhejiang Zhida
                          2025                          Asset, Shenzhen Jizhi Equity (12 persons)

                                                        Shenwan Hongyuan, China Securities, CICC,
                                                        Bosera Funds, ABC Life, Shanghai Yude Capital,
                          2025 Capital
                                                        ICBC Wealth Management, Beijing Hongma
                          Market Summer
                                                        Kangyi Investment, Commando Capital,
               June 13,   Strategy      Onsite
          27                                            China Life Asset, Xiangcai Securities, Sunshine
               2025       Conference    interview
                                                        Asset, AIMS Business Information Consulting,
                          of Shenwan
                                                        Beijing Maohua Technology, CIB Wealth
                          Hongyuan
                                                        Management, Guoxin Times Development Co.,
                                                        Ltd., Yimin Fund (19 persons)




188
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                              Major topics
                                                                                              discussed
                                                                                              and
    Date of                      Way of                                                       information
No. reception Meeting name       reception   Guests                                           provided

                Institutional
     July 9,                     Telephone
28              investigations               Everwin Asset Management (5 persons)
     2025                        interview
                and survey

                Institutional
     July 10,                    Onsite

                                                                                                                       About Us
29              investigations               Guosen Securities (2 persons)
     2025                        interview
                and survey

                Institutional
     July 14,                    Telephone   Western Securities, Great Wall Fund (7
30              investigations
     2025                        interview   persons)
                and survey

                                            Morgan Stanley, Blackrock, WFM Asia (ward
                                            ferry), Citadel International, Eastspring
                Institutional


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
     July 15,                    Video      Investments, Marshall Wace, Morgan Stanley
31              investigations
     2025                        conference Investment Management, Pleiad Investment
                and survey
                                            Advisors, State Street Global Advisors (11


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                            persons)

                Institutional
     July 22,                    Onsite
32              investigations               Kaiyuan Securities (1 person)
     2025                        interview                                                    Operation
                and survey
                                                                                              and financial
                Institutional                                                                 situation,
     July 28,                    Telephone
33              investigations               Taikang Asset (4 persons)                        business
     2025                        interview




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                and survey                                                                    development
                                                                                              highlights
                                             GF Securities, GF Global Capital, Southwest      and strategic
                                             Securities, Guangdong Zhengyuan Private          layout of the
                                             Fund, Lion Fund, Shanghai Dapu Asset             Company,
                                             Management, Shanghai Wealspring Asset            etc.
                                             Management, HuaAn Funds, Guoyuan
                                             Securities, China Universal Chongqing
                                             Zhongxin Rongxin Investment ( 匯添富重慶
                                             中新融鑫投資 ), Bank of Beijing Scotiabank
                                             Asset Management, Guangdong Juzhou
                                             Investment ( 廣東鉅洲投資 ), All Weather


                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
               Institutional                 Private Equity ( 全天候私募 ), Hangzhou
     September                   Telephone
34             investigations                Rongtai Yunzhen Private Equity ( 杭州融泰
     2, 2025                     interview
               and survey                    雲臻私募 ), Chongqing Zhongxin Rongxin



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                                             Investment Center ( 重慶中新融鑫投資中心 ),
                                             Shanghai Tongxiao Investment Development
                                             Center ( 上海潼驍投資發展中心 ), Boyuan Fund,
                                             Guangdong Dehui Investment ( 廣東德匯投
                                             資 ), Zhejiang Yingrui Investment ( 浙江英睿
                                             投資 ), Shenzhen Jointfull Capital, Shanghai
                                             Hedao Asset Management ( 上海合道資產
                                             管理 ), Orient Securities, AXA-SPDB Fund,
                                             Shanghai Life Insurance, Industrial Securities
                                             Asset Management, North Rock (35 persons)




                                                                                                              189
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                    Major topics
                                                                                                    discussed
                                                                                                    and
              Date of                     Way of                                                    information
          No. reception Meeting name      reception   Guests                                        provided

                                                      Shenwan Hongyuan, Shanghai Junniu
                                                      Private Equity ( 上海君牛私募 ), China
                         Strategy
                                                      Post AMC, Everbright PGIM Fund, Nanjing
               September Conference       Onsite
          35                                          Securities, Taiping Pension, Taikang Funds,
               3, 2025   of Shenwan       interview
                                                      Purekind Fund, Yuanfeng Fund, Shenwan
                         Hongyuan
                                                      Futures, Zhida Asset Management, Caitong
                                                      Fund, Caitong Securities (13 persons)

                         Institutional
               September                  Telephone
          36             investigations               China Merchants Fund (2 persons)
               4, 2025                    interview
                         and survey

                         Institutional
               September                  Telephone
          37             investigations               Bosera Funds (2 persons)
               5, 2025                    interview
                         and survey

                         Institutional
               September                  Telephone
          38             investigations               HuaAn Funds (2 persons)
               5, 2025                    interview
                         and survey

                         Institutional
               September                  Telephone                                                 Operation
          39             investigations               Dacheng Fund (6 persons)
               5, 2025                    interview                                                 and financial
                         and survey
                                                                                                    situation,
                         Institutional                                                              business
               September                  Telephone                                                 development
          40             investigations               Taikang Asset (3 persons)
               9, 2025                    interview                                                 highlights
                         and survey
                                                                                                    and strategic
                         Institutional                                                              layout of the
               September                  Telephone                                                 Company,
          41             investigations               PICC Asset (7 persons)
               9, 2025                    interview                                                 etc.
                         and survey

                                                      Shenwan Hongyuan, Shanghai Yiheyuan
                                                      Asset Management ( 上海益和源資管 ),
                                                      Zhejiang Long Hang Asset Management ( 浙
                                                      江龍航資管 ), Shanghai Muxin Private Equity
                                                      ( 上海牧鑫私募 ), Shanghai Dushi Investment
                                                      ( 上海度勢投資 ), Beijing Xiyue Private Equity
                                                      ( 北京禧悅私募 ), Harvest Forever Investment,
                                                      ICBC-AXA, Ping An Securities, Shanghai
                         Institutional
               September                  Telephone   Wealspring Asset Management, Haitong
          42             investigations
               10, 2025                   interview   Securities, China Fortune Innovation
                         and survey
                                                      Investment ( 華夏財富創新投資 ), China Post
                                                      Securities, China Re Asset Management,
                                                      Chongyang Investment, Anlian Securities
                                                      Investment Trust, Shanghai Mingyu Asset
                                                      Management, Zinggo Fund, Caitong
                                                      Securities, Cigna & CMB Insurance,
                                                      Changjiang Pension, SWS MU Fund (25
                                                      persons)




190
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                          Major topics
                                                                                          discussed
                                                                                          and
    Date of                     Way of                                                    information
No. reception Meeting name      reception   Guests                                        provided

               Institutional
     September                  Telephone
43             investigations               HSBC Jintrust(1 person)
     10, 2025                   interview
               and survey

               Institutional
     September                  Telephone

                                                                                                                   About Us
44             investigations               Minsheng Securities (1 person)
     11, 2025                   interview
               and survey

               Institutional
     September                  Onsite
45             investigations               Kaiyuan Securities (3 persons)
     11, 2025                   interview
               and survey

               Institutional
     September                  Onsite      Shenwan Hongyuan, China Life Asset, Guotai
46             investigations
     12, 2025                   interview   Junan Asset, Nanjing Securities (6 persons)


                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
               and survey

               Institutional
     September                  Telephone


                                                                                                                 and Strategies
47             investigations               ICBC Credit Suisse (4 persons)
     12, 2025                   interview
               and survey

               Institutional                                                              Operation
     September                  Telephone
48             investigations               Harvest Fund (1 person)                       and financial
     12, 2025                   interview
               and survey                                                                 situation,
                                                                                          business
               Institutional                                                              development
     September                  Telephone
49             investigations               Orient Asset Management (1 person)




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                                          highlights
     12, 2025                   interview
               and survey                                                                 and strategic
                                                                                          layout of the
               Institutional                                                              Company,
     September                  Video
50             investigations              Fidelity Fund (1 person)                       etc.
     15, 2025                   conference
               and survey

               Institutional
     September                  Telephone
51             investigations               China Universal (1 person)
     16, 2025                   interview
               and survey

               Institutional
     September                  Telephone



                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
52             investigations               Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (1 person)
     17, 2025                   interview
               and survey

                                            First Shanghai Securities, Bowen Fund ( 博文
                                            基金 ), China Asset Management, Songgang


                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
               Institutional
     September                  Telephone   Asset Management, Whitefield CAP, Hugeleaf
53             investigations
     25, 2025                   interview   Investments, Huaqiang Investment, Ronghe
               and survey
                                            Investment ( 容和投資 ), Value Source
                                            Investment ( 價值源投資 ) (9 persons)

               Institutional
     September                  Video      UBS Securities, Lazard Asset Management,
54             investigations
     25, 2025                   conference Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (9 persons)
               and survey




                                                                                                          191
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                        Major topics
                                                                                                        discussed
                                                                                                        and
              Date of                        Way of                                                     information
          No. reception Meeting name         reception   Guests                                         provided

                          Institutional
               October                       Onsite
          55              investigations                 Springs Capital (1 person)
               14, 2025                      interview
                          and survey

                          Institutional
               November                      Telephone
          56              investigations                 Prudential plc (1 person)
               4, 2025                       interview
                          and survey

                          Institutional
               November                      Video
          57              investigations                China Merchants Fund (2 persons)
               5, 2025                       conference
                          and survey

                          2026 Strategy                  Taikang Funds, ICBC Wealth Management,
               November   Conference of      Onsite      Fullgoal Fund, Cinda Fund, Bank of Beijing
          58
               6, 2025    Guotai Haitong     interview   Scotiabank Asset Management, CITIC
                          Securities                     Securities (7 persons)

                          Institutional
               November                      Telephone
          59              investigations                 ICBC Credit Suisse (6 persons)
               7, 2025                       interview
                          and survey
                                                                                                        Operation
                          Institutional                                                                 and financial
               November                      Telephone                                                  situation,
          60              investigations                 Fullgoal Fund (6 persons)
               7, 2025                       interview                                                  business
                          and survey
                                                                                                        development
                          Institutional                                                                 highlights
               November                      Telephone                                                  and strategic
          61              investigations                 HSBC Jintrust (1 person)
               10, 2025                      interview                                                  layout of the
                          and survey
                                                                                                        Company,
                          Institutional                                                                 etc.
               November                      Onsite
          62              investigations                 Taikang Asset (1 person)
               10, 2025                      interview
                          and survey

                                                         Prudential Asset Management, Columbia
                          2025 Citi China
               November                      Onsite      Threadneedle-UK, JPMorgan Asset
          63              Investment
               13, 2025                      interview   Management, Goldman Sachs Asset
                          Forum
                                                         Management (14 persons)

                                                         CITIC Proprietary ( 中信自營 ), Dymon Asia
                                                         Capital, CITIC Equity Derivatives ( 中信股衍 ),
                          2026 Capital
                                                         GF Fund, North Rock, China Life AMP, Huatai-
               November   Market Annual      Onsite
          64                                             PB Fund, Huaneng Guicheng Trust, Shanghai
               13, 2025   Conference of      interview
                                                         State-owned Assets, Yiming Investment, All
                          CITIC Securities
                                                         Weather Private Fund ( 全天候私募 ), Golden
                                                         Nine Private Fund (12 persons)

                          Institutional
               November                      Onsite
          65              investigations                 Guosen Securities (2 persons)
               14, 2025                      interview
                          and survey




192
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                Major topics
                                                                                                discussed
                                                                                                and
    Date of                      Way of                                                         information
No. reception Meeting name       reception     Guests                                           provided

                                               Q Fund Management, Point72, AmFunds
                Institutional
   November                      Telephone     Management, Lion Global Investors, Teng
66              investigations
   14, 2025                      interview     Yue Partners, Sumitomo Mitsui DSAM (6
                and survey
                                               persons)


                                                                                                                         About Us
                                               Golden Nest Capital,, Shanxi Securities, BOCI
                Zheshang                       Securities, Golden Bridge Asset, Taiping
     November                    Onsite
67              Strategy                       Fund, Wanjia Asset, HSBC Jintrust, Huatai
     19, 2025                    interview
                Conference                     Insurance, ICBC-AXA, Tongben Investment (11
                                               persons)

                2026 Strategy
   November     Conference       Onsite        Ping An Asset Management, Eastmoney
68                                                                                              Operation
   19, 2025     of Eastmoney     interview     Securities (5 persons)
                                                                                                and financial

                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                Securities                                                                      situation,
                                                                                                business
                Institutional                  Western Securities, Everbright PGIM Fund,


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
     November                    Onsite                                                         development
69              investigations                 China Post AMC, Changjiang Pension (5
     21, 2025                    interview                                                      highlights
                and survey                     persons)
                                                                                                and strategic
                                               FIL, ARGA Investment, Sumitomo Mitsui            layout of the
                                                                                                Company,
     November   UBS Strategy     Onsite        DSAM, Capstone Capital, FountainCap
70                                                                                              etc.
     25, 2025   Conference       interview     Research and Investment, JP Morgan Asset
                                               Management, Nan Fung Trinity (8 persons)




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                               CITIC Securities, CLSA, Capital International,
                                               Wellington Management, Temasek Group,
                Institutional
     November                    Onsite        Santa Lucia Asset Management, Wilson
71              investigations
     26, 2025                    interview     Asset Management (International) Pty Ltd,
                and survey
                                               APG Investments Asia Limited, Capital Group,
                                               CITIC Prudential Fund (10 persons)

                Institutional
     December                    Onsite
72              investigations                 Hao capital (1 person)
     3, 2025                     interview
                and survey




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
(VI) Corporate Cultural Construction

Culture has been the spiritual force of Huatai Securities throughout its over 30 years of growth. The



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Company adheres to the original aspiration and mission of serving the country and the people through
finance, actively promotes the financial culture with Chinese characteristics, aims at the development goal
of becoming a first-class investment bank, continuously strengthens the cultural features of “technology
empowerment, innovation and initiative”, constantly creates the cultural atmosphere that is “positive and
innovative”, constantly consolidates the cultural consensus of Huatai Securities that is more dynamic,
resilient and profound, strives to enhance employees’ sense of cultural identity, professional belonging and
brand honor, and jointly shapes and maintains the image and reputation of the industry.

During the Reporting Period, the Company implemented the “Five Major Areas of Finance” as the core approach
to promoting high-quality development, cultivated the “Five Musts and Five Don’ts ( 五要五不 )” financial culture
with Chinese characteristics in depth, and constantly explored new areas and new practices of cultural
construction. Based on continuous practice of the industry culture concept and the spirit of the Ten Elements




                                                                                                                193
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of Cultural Construction of the Securities Industry (《證券行業文化建設十要素》), the Code of Ethics for Securities
          Practitioners (《證券從業人員職業道德準則》) and other documents, the Company has made planned and
          focused deployments to implement relevant work, and made efforts to build the cultural brand and distinctive
          cultural features for the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Company organized a special seminar on
          cultural construction. At the important historical milestones of the 15th anniversary of A-share listing and 10th
          anniversary of H-share listing, with a higher perspective and stronger confidence, the Company consolidated
          and jointly built the “Huatai Cultural consensus”, and internalized the cultural consensus such as “customer first”,
          “professionalism”, “diligence and pragmatism”, “collaborative progress”, “value creation”, and “self-renewal” into
          the daily work of all employees, laying a solid spiritual foundation for the Company’s long-term prosperity.
          The Company also regularly held special working meetings on cultural construction, reviewing work
          reports such as the Work Summary on the Implementation of the “Further Consolidation and Promotion of
          Cultural Construction Work Arrangement in the Securities Industry” in 2024 and the Work Progress of Huatai
          Securities Focusing on “Five Major Areas” to Promote the Integration of Chinese Characteristic Financial
          Culture Construction and Business, and clarifying the direction for subsequent work, especially on how
          to achieve greater results in optimizing the mechanism and system, making breakthroughs in key areas
          and strengthening the security defense based on the main line of serving the national strategies and
          empowering the real economy. Besides, the Company conducted regular quality assessments of cultural
          construction every year, and continuously promoted the deployment, inspection, evaluation and reward of
          cultural construction-related work in tandem with the Company’s operation and management.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company insisted on deeply integrating cultural construction into the entire
          process of strategic planning and business operations, and was committed to transforming its unique
          cultural soft power into hard-core competitiveness serving the real economy. In terms of publicity and
          promotion, the Company systematically carried out cultural promotion activities by integrating internal and
          external resources and innovating online and offline forms to ensure that all publicity activities accurately
          conveyed the cultural concepts of the industry and the Company. The Company continuously promoted
          the dissemination of financial culture with Chinese characteristics, published relevant articles in mainstream
          media such as Xinhuanet, China Securities Journal, China Economic Net and Xinhua Daily, and organized
          activities such as the commendation ceremony of “Shining Huatai, A Promising Future ( 星光華泰閃耀未來 )”,
          “Two Excellences and One Advanced ( 兩優一先 )” and “Two Excellences and One Red ( 兩優一紅 )”, at which
          the Company honored outstanding employees who practiced and promoted the corporate culture, and
          inspired and encouraged all employees to voluntarily practice the cultural concepts by setting up role
          models. The Company actively carried out the promotion and training of the cultural brand system for all
          employees, updated the Corporate Culture Manual of Huatai Securities, and set up the compulsory course
          “2025 Corporate Culture Brand Training” for employees; guided by the construction of cultural brand, the
          Company continued to strengthen the Party building leadership, deepened the integration and mutual
          promotion of cultural construction and development strategies, strived to enhance the professional ethics
          of employees, and continuously strengthened internal and external cultural identity, making the Company’s
          cultural construction more quality, more efficient and more dynamic. The Company also focused on new
          employees, incorporated the sense of honor and disgrace of the securities industry into the new employee
          handbook, and promoted the financial culture with Chinese characteristics, which enabled employees to
          establish the awareness of practicing the industry and corporate culture concepts from the beginning of
          their employment, and continuously injected fresh forces into enriching cultural connotations, innovating
          cultural carriers and polishing cultural brands.

          The Company has always been committed to establishing an open and transparent communication
          mechanism, and through the “Employee Reception Day” system, the Company continuously keeps the
          channels open for employees to express their voices, feedback their demands and offer suggestions. During
          the Reporting Period, the Company conducted “Employee Reception Day” activities online and offline every
          month, and put in place a special post named “Freely Talk Inner Voices, Offer Help with Same Empathy ( 暢談
          心聲共情同力 )” in the special column of “Colleague Bar ( 同事吧 )”, an instant messaging APP online, to ensure
          smooth communication of employees’ voices and active discussion of suggestions and opinions, creating
          an atmosphere of equal, open and inclusive communication.

          The Company regards cultural construction as a long-term strategic project and provides full guarantees




194
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
in terms of organization, systems, personnel, funds, platforms and other aspects to ensure that resource
input is in line with work goals. The Company has established a three-dimensional working network and
regular operation mechanism led by the headquarters, with efficient collaboration among all business
units and active practice by all employees. During the Reporting Period, the Company strongly supported
activities and projects related to cultural construction, fully ensured financial support and guarantee, and
provided special funds and incorporated them into the Company’s budget system. The Company also
carried out various commending activities to stimulate talents to be innovative and vigorous, improve their
value and empower their growth. Besides, the Company adopted effective measures to encourage its staff
to participate in the trainings in relation to culture and professional ethics, so as to help its staff develop the
awareness of conscious protection of the state’s financial safety and enhancement of social responsibility.

In the process of the continuous and in-depth advancement of cultural construction, the Company pays                           About Us
more attention to expanding cultural influence and industry reputation with new responsibilities, new actions
and a new image. During the Reporting Period, the “Research on Prevention of Integrity Risks of Investment
Banking Business and Construction of Integrity Culture” (《投資銀行業務廉潔風險防範與廉潔文化建設研究》) and
the “Exploration and Reflection on Empowering High-quality Development of Securities Companies through
Party Building Brands – A Case Study of the Party Building Brand Construction of Huatai Securities” (《黨建
品牌賦能證券公司高質量發展的探索與思考 — 以華泰證券黨建品牌建設為例》) of the Company won the First Prize
and Excellence Award of the 2024 National Financial System Ideological and Political Work and Cultural


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Construction Research Achievement respectively, and the outstanding cultural construction case “Deeply
Rooting in Technological Gene – Cultivating the Spirit of Upholding Integrity and Innovation with HUATECH
Technology Brand Culture” (《深植科技基因以 HUATECH 科技品牌文化涵養守正創新精神》) was selected for the

                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Annual Report on Cultural Construction in the Securities Industry.

(VII) Independence of the Auditors

According to the relevant provisions in Rule 19A.31 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, annual accounts should
be audited by a prestigious certified public accountant (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company),
who (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company) also should be independent of the Chinese issuer




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
to the extent that its independent procedures should be substantially the same as those specified in the
statements on independence issued in the Companies Ordinance or by the International Federation of
Accountants. According to the relevant provisions in Rule D.3.3 of the Corporate Governance Code as set
out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Audit Committee should review and monitor the
independence and objectiveness of external auditors as well as the validity of the auditing process in
accordance with applicable standards. During the Reporting Period, the Company re-appointed Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditors of A Shares and Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu as the auditors of H Shares. The Audit Committee had carried out necessary review and
supervision to ensure the independence between the firms and the Company.

(VIII) Auditors’ Remuneration


                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
For auditor’s audit service fee during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Auditors” under “Other Disclosures”
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” in this report.




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
During the Reporting Period, the Company and its subsidiaries employed Deloitte (including other members
within the Deloitte network) to provide non-auditing services, such as agreed procedures and advisory
service, and the fees for such non-auditing services were RMB3.4532 million.

(IX) During the Reporting Period, There Were No Changes to the Company’s
Management Measures for Information Disclosure.




                                                                                                                      195
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Major Events




          I. PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS
          Undertakings of de facto controllers, shareholders, related parties, acquirers of the
          Company, the Company and other undertaking-related parties made or remained
          effective during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                               Strictly
                                                                                                    Any                        performed
          Background                                                                                deadline for               in a timely
          of            Type of     Undertaking                                    Date of          performance Duration of    manner or
          undertaking   undertaking party       Content of undertaking             undertaking      or not       undertaking   not

                                                 Guoxin Group and its
                                                 subsidiaries or associated
                                                 companies shall not engage in
                                                 or conduct any business which
                                                 may compete with the primary
                                                 business of Huatai Securities
                                                 in any way (including but not
          Other                                  limited to self-operated, joint-
          undertakings                           ventured or associated) at
          made to      To solve                  any time in the future (except
                                     Guoxin
          minority     horizontal                for Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.). For June 27, 2014   No          Long term      Yes
                                     Group
          shareholders competition               any opportunities to conduct,
          of the                                 engage in or invest in any
          Company                                business that may compete with
                                                 the business of Huatai Securities
                                                 available to Guoxin Group and
                                                 its subsidiaries or associated
                                                 companies, Guoxin Group will
                                                 give such opportunities to
                                                 Huatai Securities (except for
                                                 Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.).




          II. THERE WAS NO NON-OPERATING MISAPPROPRIATION OF FUNDS
          OF THE COMPANY BY ANY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND
          OTHER RELATED PARTIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD




196
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
III. THE COMPANY HAD NO GUARANTEES IN VIOLATION OF REGULATIONS
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

IV. THE ACCOUNTING FIRM ISSUED A STANDARD UNQUALIFIED
OPINION AUDIT REPORT FOR THE COMPANY

V. ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION BY THE COMPANY ON THE REASONS
AN D I M PACT O F TH E CHAN G ES I N ACCO U NTI N G PO LI CI ES,                                                                      About Us
ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES OR CORRECTION OF MAJOR ACCOUNTING
ERRORS

(I) Analysis and explanation by the Company on the reasons and impact of the
change of accounting policies and accounting estimates


                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
For changes in accounting policies and accounting estimates during the Reporting Period, please refer
to “2. Significant Accounting Policies” in the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under the


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
“Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements” in this report.


1. Changes in significant accounting policies
                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                Names of
                                                                                statement items
                                                                                significantly




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Details and reasons for changes in accounting policies                          affected            Amount affected

On July 8, 2025, the Accounting Department of the Ministry of Finance
issued the Accounting Treatment Implementation Q&A for Standard
Warehouse Receipt Transactions (the “Treatment Implementation
Q&A”), clarifying that when an enterprise frequently enters into contracts      Investment
                                                                                                    (86,959,798.95)
in respect of the purchase and sales of standard warehouse receipts             income
in a futures trading venue to earn price differences, without actually
taking delivery of the goods corresponding to the standard warehouse
receipts, it usually indicates that the enterprise has a practice of
reselling the contractual subject matter shortly after receiving it to profit
from short-term fluctuations. The contracts in respect of the purchase



                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
and sales of standard warehouse receipts entered into by the
enterprise are not contracts that are entered into and held according           Other income
                                                                                                    (7,860,242,523.82)
to predetermined purchase, sale or usage requirements, and are                  and gains



                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
aimed at receiving or delivering non-financial items. In this case, the
enterprise should consider the contracts in respect of the purchase
and sales of standard warehouse receipts as financial instruments
and account for them in accordance with the Accounting Standard for
Business Enterprises No. 22 – Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Instruments. If an enterprise resells standard warehouse receipts shortly
after acquiring them in accordance with the aforementioned contracts,
it should not recognize sales revenue, and the difference between the           Other operating
                                                                                                    (7,947,202,322.77)
consideration received and the carrying amount of the sold standard             expenses
warehouse receipts should be recognized as investment income. If an
enterprise holds unsold standard warehouse receipts at the end of the
period, these should be presented as other current assets.




                                                                                                                             197
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Adjustment process and other explanations

          The above-mentioned changes in accounting policies had no impact on the total profit and net profit of the
          Group for 2024, and the income statement of the Company for 2024, nor did they have any impact on the
          balance sheet of the Group and the Company as at December 31, 2024, the cash flow statement and the
          statement of changes in equity for 2024.

          2. The Company had no significant changes in accounting estimates

          (II) The Company had no correction of major accounting errors



          VI. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRMs

                                                                                         Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                              Currently employed

                                                                                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
          Name of the domestic accounting firm
                                                                                        Certified Public Accountants LLP

          Remuneration of the domestic accounting firm                                                                 350.5

          Audit duration of the domestic accounting firm                                                             4 years

          Name of certified public accountants of the domestic accounting firm                        Hu Xiaojun, Han Jian

          Continued duration of auditing services by certified public accountants of
                                                                                                                     4 years
          the domestic accounting firm

          Name of the overseas accounting firm                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

          Remuneration of the overseas accounting firm                                                                  147.5

          Audit duration of the overseas accounting firm                                                             4 years


                                                               Name                              Remuneration

          Accounting firm for the auditing of     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu             Please refer to the description
          internal controls                       Certified Public Accountants LLP     below this table


          Description of appointment and removal of accounting firms

          During the Reporting Period, upon consideration and approval at the Company’s 2024 Annual General
          Meeting, the Company continued employing Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
          as the audit service institution of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2025 annual financial
          statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit
          report; and employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the audit service institution for the Company’s H Shares
          to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee shall not exceed RMB4.98 million (of which the internal
          control audit fee was RMB0.40 million).




198
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RISKS OF SUSPENSION OF LISTING,
TERMINATION OF LISTING, BANKRUPTCY AND RESTRUCTURING

VIII. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

During the Reporting Period, there were no material litigation or arbitration of the Group with amount
involving more than RMB10 million and accounting for more than 10% of the absolute value of the audited
net assets of the Company for the latest period, which are required to be disclosed by the Rules Governing

                                                                                                                           About Us
the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. As of the end of the Reporting Period, litigations and
arbitrations of the Company that had been disclosed and had progress are as follows:

Property damage dispute among the Company and Jinwei Company, etc.

In March 2024, the Company received a lawsuit document from Shanghai Financial Court. According to the
lawsuit, since Jinwei Property Group Limited ( 金威物產集團有限公司 ) (“Jinwei Company”) suffered losses from
its investment in private equity fund products, Jinwei Company filed a lawsuit with the court and demanded
the fund manager, the fund custodian and relevant subjects of the underlying trust plan invested by the


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
fund to jointly compensate for its losses totaling RMB179,774,725. The Company is the fund custodian, and
has engaged a lawyer to represent it to respond to the lawsuit. On June 30, 2025, Shanghai Financial Court


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
rejected Jinwei Company’s claims in its first-instance judgment. On July 12, 2025, the plaintiff refused to
accept the first-instance judgment and filed an appeal with the Shanghai Higher People’s Court. At present,
the second-instance judgment has not yet been made.

Securities investment fund transaction dispute among the Company and Zhaoxin Company, etc.

In March 2024, the Company received a lawsuit document from Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court.
According to the lawsuit, Zhejiang Zhaoxin Investment Management Co. Ltd. (浙江兆信投資管理有限公司 ) (“Zhaoxin
Company”) suffered losses from its investment with a private fund product managed by it as the manager




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
in another private fund product. Zhaoxin Company filed a lawsuit in court against the managers, custodians
and other relevant parties of the relevant underlying funds, demanding each of the defendants to jointly
compensate for its losses totaling RMB623,324,129.95. The Company, as the custodian of the underlying
fund products, has engaged a lawyer to represent it to respond to the lawsuit. In light of the jurisdictional
objection filed by the defendants, on July 1, 2024, Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court made the first-
instance ruling that the case shall be transferred to the jurisdiction of Chengdu-Chongqing Financial Court.
On October 22, 2024, the High People’s Court of Guangdong Province made the second-instance ruling
of upholding the first-instance ruling that the case shall be transferred to the jurisdiction of Chengdu-
Chongqing Financial Court. The Chengdu-Chongqing Financial Court has accepted the case. At present,
the case is in the first-instance trial stage, and the court has not yet made a judgment.




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Other tort liability disputes among the Company and Shanghai Shiling, etc.

In May 2024, the Company received a lawsuit document from Shanghai Financial Court. According to the
lawsuit, since Shanghai Shiling New Energy Co., Ltd. ( 上海石領新能源有限公司 ) (“Shanghai Shiling”) suffered


                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
losses from its investment fund trust plan, Shanghai Shiling filed a lawsuit with the court and demanded
the investment adviser of the trust plan and the product custodians of the underlying fund invested by the
trust plan to jointly compensate for the loss of the principal, the loss of the trust income and the attorney’s
fees, etc., totaling RMB607,846,630.14. The Company is one of the product custodians of the underlying
fund. The Company has engaged a lawyer to represent it to respond to the lawsuit. Since Shanghai Shiling
had applied for preservation, Shanghai Financial Court ruled to freeze the bank deposits of the investment
adviser of the trust plan and the product custodians of the underlying fund invested by the trust plan in the
total amount of RMB607,846,630.14 or to seize or detain other properties and interests of the same value,
and actually froze the interests held by the Company including equity interests in Huatai United Securities
with a capital contribution of RMB307,846,630.14 and dividends. On August 15, 2024, Shanghai Financial Court




                                                                                                                  199
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          ruled to release the preservation measures on the interests held by the Company including equity interests
          in Huatai United Securities and dividends. On August 18, 2025, the Shanghai Financial Court dismissed all
          claims of the plaintiff Shanghai Shiling in the first-instance judgment. The plaintiff refused to accept the
          first-instance judgment and filed an appeal with the Shanghai Higher People’s Court. On January 19, 2026,
          the Shanghai Higher People’s Court dismissed the appeal and upheld the original judgment in the second-
          instance judgment.

          In May 2024, the Company received a lawsuit document from Shanghai Financial Court. According to the
          lawsuit, since Shanghai Shiling suffered losses from its investment in fund trust plan, Shanghai Shiling filed a
          lawsuit with the court and demanded the trustee of the trust plan, the investment adviser of the trust plan
          and the product custodian of the underlying fund invested by the trust plan to jointly compensate for its
          loss of the principal, the loss of the trust income and the attorney’s fee, etc., totaling RMB168,842,739.73. The
          Company is the product custodian of the underlying fund. The Company has engaged a lawyer to represent
          it to respond to the lawsuit. Since Shanghai Shiling had applied for preservation, Shanghai Financial
          Court ruled to freeze the bank deposits of the trustee of the trust plan, the investment adviser of the trust
          plan and the product custodian of the underlying fund invested by the trust plan in the total amount of
          RMB168,842,739.73 or to seize or detain other properties and interests of the same value, and actually froze
          the Company’s two bank accounts in the total amount of RMB168,842,739.73. On August 15, 2024, Shanghai
          Financial Court ruled to release the preservation measures on the Company’s above two bank accounts.
          On August 18, 2025, the Shanghai Financial Court dismissed all claims of the plaintiff Shanghai Shiling in the
          first-instance judgment. The plaintiff refused to accept the first-instance judgment and filed an appeal with
          the Shanghai Higher People’s Court. On February 6, 2026, Shanghai Shiling amended its appeal claims to: 1.
          legally revoke the Civil Judgment No. (2024) Hu 74 Min Chu No. 364; 2. legally revise the judgment to order all
          appellees to jointly compensate the appellant for the trust income of RMB3,590,136.99. On February 24, 2026,
          the Shanghai Higher People’s Court made a ruling, approving Shanghai Shiling’s withdrawal of the appeal,
          and the first-instance judgment shall take effect from the date of delivery of the withdrawal ruling.

          Tort liability disputes among the Company and Zhejin Company, etc.

          In June 2024, the Company received a lawsuit document from Hangzhou Intermediate People’s Court.
          According to the lawsuit, Ningbo Zhejin Steel Co., Ltd. ( 寧波浙金鋼材有限公司 ) (“Zhejin Company”) suffered
          losses from its investment in a trust plan, thus Zhejin Company filed a lawsuit with the court and demanded
          the product service agency, fund manager and custodians of the underlying fund invested by the trust
          plan to jointly compensate for its loss of the principal, interest loss and the attorney’s fee, etc., totaling
          RMB100,086,666.67. The Company is one of the product custodians of the underlying fund. The Company has
          engaged a lawyer to represent it to respond to the lawsuit. In light of the jurisdictional objection filed by the
          defendants, on September 24, 2024, Hangzhou Intermediate People’s Court made the first-instance ruling
          that the case shall be transferred to the jurisdiction of Ningbo Intermediate People’s Court. On December 9,
          2024, the High People’s Court of Zhejiang Province made the second-instance ruling of upholding the first-
          instance ruling that the case shall be transferred to the jurisdiction of Ningbo Intermediate People’s Court.
          On July 17, 2025, the Ningbo Intermediate People’s Court dismissed the lawsuit filed by the plaintiff Zhejin
          Company in the first-instance ruling, and the case was transferred to the public security authorities for
          handling.

          Stock pledged repurchase contract dispute under No. 3 Targeted Assets Management Plan on Capital
          Innovation of China Merchants of Huatai Asset Management

          As the manager of the No. 3 Targeted Assets Management Plan on Capital Innovation of China Merchants
          of Huatai Asset Management, Huatai Asset Management entered into relevant financing agreements on
          stock pledged repurchase business with Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the financiers, on behalf of the asset
          management product in May 2017, and conducted transactions on the business. The principal of financing
          was RMB365 million (of which, the principal of RMB235 million and RMB130 million were financed by Liu Hujun
          and Xiong Jinyu, respectively) in total and the target of the pledged stock was Liantronics (Stock Code:
          300269.SZ). Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the financiers, breached the contract as they failed to repurchase on
          time. Huatai Asset Management filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in November




200
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2020 on the contract dispute on stock pledged repurchase, requesting Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the
defendants, to repay the principal of RMB365 million and undertake other responsibilities on the breach of
contract and dispose of the pledged stocks according to laws. Nanjing Intermediate People’s Court issued
the first instance judgment in January 2022, supporting the litigation request of Huatai Asset Management.
The case is in the process of enforcement. During the Reporting Period, such asset management product
received enforcement payment of over RMB14.34 million.

Bill assets transfer contract dispute of Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan of
Huatai Securities ( 華泰證券華福廈門銀行 1 號定向資產管理計劃 )



                                                                                                                          About Us
In October 2016 and March 2017, Xiamen Bank Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Xiamen Bank”), the client
of Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan of Huatai Securities (hereinafter referred to
as “Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 ( 華福廈門銀行 1 號 )”), filed a lawsuit of contract dispute at Fujian Higher People’s
Court for the relevant bill assets transfer contract dispute of Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1, with Shenzhen Branch
of Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shenzhen Branch of Ningbo Bank”) as the defendant.
The total face amount of the underlying bill was RMB950 million. Huatai Asset Management participated in
the lawsuit as a third party. Fujian Higher People’s Court conducted a consolidated trial. On June 26, 2018,
Fujian Higher People’s Court made the first-instance judgment in favor of Xiamen Bank’s main litigation
claim, and on December 12, 2020, the Supreme People’s Court made the second-instance judgment to


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
reject the appeal and upheld the original judgment. In 2023, the applicant, Shenzhen Branch of Ningbo
Bank, filed an application for retrial, which was accepted by the Supreme People’s Court on July 11, 2023.


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
On December 9, 2024, the Supreme People’s Court issued the civil ruling, ruling to revoke the first-instance
civil judgment issued by Fujian Higher People’s Court and the second-instance civil judgment issued by the
Supreme People’s Court, and remanded the case to Fujian Higher People’s Court for a retrial. In March 2025,
Fujian Higher People’s Court filed the retrial case, and Huatai Asset Management remained the third party. In
December 2025, Fujian Higher People’s Court commenced the trial for the retrial case. During the Reporting
Period, this case was under the retrial procedure.

Performance dispute between Yili Fund managed by Huatai Purple Gold Investment, and Ru Jiyong




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
and Der Group under its control

Yili Su Xin Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 伊 犁 蘇 新 投 資 基 金 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Yili
Fund”) managed by Huatai Purple Gold Investment, filed an application for arbitration with the Nanjing
Arbitration Commission in June 2020, requesting Ru Jiyong to fulfil his obligation to repurchase the equity
interest in Henan Yiteng New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. ( 河南義騰新能源科技有限公司 ) (“Henan Yiteng”)
held by Yili Fund pursuant to the agreement entered into between the parties in relation to the investment
in Henan Yiteng. The Nanjing Arbitration Commission issued the Award of (2024) Ning Cai Zi No. 254 on
February 5, 2025, supporting all the claims of Yili Fund. Yili Fund submitted an application for compulsory
execution to Suzhou Intermediate People’s Court on February 24, 2025. On June 5, 2025, Yili Fund received
a notice of case filing from Suzhou Intermediate People’s Court regarding the application of Ru Jiyong for



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
non-enforcement. The case number is (2025) Su 05 Zhi Yi No. 63. The case was heard in Suzhou Intermediate
People’s Court on September 10, 2025 and December 9, 2025 respectively, and is awaiting a ruling.

On November 11, 2022, Yili Fund filed a lawsuit against Der Group Co. Ltd. ( 德爾集團有限公司 ) (“Der Group”)



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
with the People’s Court of Jianye District, Nanjing, requesting Der Group to be liable for the losses incurred
by Yili Fund resulting from the invalid guarantee of pledge of shares of Der Future (with damages of
RMB275,966,101, of which, the loss of investment principal amounted to RMB142,372,881 and the loss of
interest amounted to RMB133,593,220). On November 28, 2022, the People’s Court of Jianye District, Nanjing
froze 54,919,622 shares of Der Future held by Der Group upon the application of Yili Fund. The case was
then transferred to Ili Kazakh Autonomous Prefecture Branch of the High People’s Court of Xinjiang Uygur
Autonomous Region (the “Ili Court”). On July 2, 2025, the Ili Court issued the Civil Judgment of (2024) Xin
40 Min Chu No. 38, ruling that Der Group shall compensate Yili Fund, for one half of the portion of the debt
that the debtor, Ru Jiyong, is unable to repay within the scope of the debt determined in the Award of
(2024) Ning Cai Zi No. 254. Both parties filed appeals. On November 27, 2025, the High People’s Court of
Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region made the Second-instance Judgment of (2025) Xin Min Zhong No. 83,




                                                                                                                 201
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          dismissing the appeal applications of both parties and upholding the original judgment. Yili Fund has filed
          an application for compulsory enforcement with the court.



          IX. SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS BY,
          PUNISHMENT ON AND RECTIFICATION OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
          DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
          AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

          1. In January 2025, Huatai United Securities received the Decision on Taking Measures by Issuing a Warning
          Letter to Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. (《關於對華泰聯合證券有限責任公司採取出具警示函措施的決定》)
          issued by Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC (hereinafter referred to as “Zhejiang Securities
          Regulatory Bureau”). The aforesaid warning letter determined that Huatai United Securities failed to
          effectively supervise the management and use of the issuers’ accounts designated for raised funds and
          failed to diligently and conscientiously perform its duties of continuously supervising the raised funds in the
          course of entrusted management of issuers of relevant corporate bonds. Zhejiang Securities Regulatory
          Bureau took administrative regulatory measures by issuing a warning letter to Huatai United Securities in
          accordance with the Administrative Measures for Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds (《公司債券發行
          與交易管理辦法》).

          2. In June 2025, Huatai United Securities received the Regulatory Letter to Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. (《關
          於對華泰聯合證券有限責任公司的監管函》) issued by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The aforesaid regulatory
          letter determined that Huatai United Securities failed to perform sufficient verification on the adequacy
          of the impairment provision for goodwill as at the end of 2022 and the irregularities in the internal control
          related to distribution income of the issuer during the sponsorship work for Jiangsu Changjing Electronics
          Technology Co., Ltd., and failed to issue prudent verification opinions. In accordance with the Review Rules
          for Stock Issuance and Listing of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and other relevant regulations, the Shenzhen
          Stock Exchange imposed a self-regulatory measure by issuing a written warning to Huatai United Securities.

          3. In December 2025, Huatai United Securities received the Decision on Taking Measures by Issuing a
          Warning Letter to Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., Liu Wei and Yu Zhaoxiang (《關於對華泰聯合證券有限責任公
          司、劉偉、於兆祥採取出具警示函措施的決定》) issued by Anhui Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC. The
          aforesaid regulatory letter determined that Huatai United Securities failed to maintain sufficient professional
          prudence regarding the cross-period revenue recognition of Hefei Zhongke Junda Vision Technology Co.,
          Ltd. ( 合肥中科君達視界技術股份有限公司 ), the target company, and failed to fully verify the nature of the
          transactions between the target company and some of its distribution-type clients in the professional
          opinion of financial advisor issued on the project of share issuance and cash payment for acquisition of
          assets and raising supporting funds and related party transactions. Anhui Securities Regulatory Bureau took
          administrative regulatory measures by issuing a warning letter to Huatai United Securities and the relevant
          personnel in accordance with the Administrative Measures for Financial Advisory for Listed Companies on
          Merger, Acquisition and Reorganization (《上市公司併購重組財務顧問業務管理辦法》).

          In response to the above regulatory measures, Huatai United Securities has conducted internal
          accountability proceedings in accordance with its internal policies and in light of the specific
          circumstances. The Company has required the relevant departments to carry out a comprehensive review
          and self-inspection of their job responsibilities, work processes, professional quality management, and risk
          identification and control, with a view to continuously improving operational capabilities and work quality,
          and preventing the recurrence of similar incidents.

          Apart from the matters mentioned above, neither the Company nor its directors, senior management,
          shareholders holding 5% or more of the shares, or de facto controllers are subject to investigation by
          competent authorities, have had coercive measures imposed by judicial or disciplinary inspection
          departments, have been referred to judicial authorities or held criminally liable, have been subject to
          market entry bans, have been deemed unsuitable candidates, have been penalised by other administrative




202
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
departments, or have been publicly reprimanded by the stock exchange.



X. INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

During the Reporting Period, the Company and its de facto controllers maintained good faith with no cases
such as non-performance of effective court judgment or overdue of relatively large liability.



                                                                                                                                          About Us
XI. MAJOR RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

For details on the related-party transactions under the relevant accounting standards, please refer to “59.
Related party relationships and transactions” under “Notes to the consolidated financial statements” of
“Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Report” in this report. The Company confirmed
that the related-party transactions were not qualified as the “connected transactions” or the “continuing
connected transactions” as defined in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (as the case may be), or


                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
were in compliance with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
XII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE THEREOF

(I) The Company was not engaged in any material custody, contracting or leasing

(II) Guarantees
                                                                                          Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                     External guarantees of the Company (excluding the guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total amount of guarantees during the Reporting Period (excluding the guarantees
                                                                                                                            –
for subsidiaries)

Total balance of guarantees at the end of the Reporting Period (A) (excluding the
                                                                                                                            –
guarantees for subsidiaries)

                            Guarantees of the Company and its subsidiaries for its subsidiaries

Total amount of guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                257.23

Total balance of guarantees for subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                   380.26

                   Total guarantee amount of the Company (including the guarantees for subsidiaries)




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Total guarantee amount (A+B)                                                                                          380.26

Percentage of the total guarantee amount to net assets of the Company (%)                                               18.37




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Among which:

Amount of guarantees provided for shareholders, de facto controllers and their
                                                                                                                            –
related parties (C)

Amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed
                                                                                                                       331.03
objects with an asset-liability ratio of more than 70% (D)

Excess amount of the total guarantee over 50% of the net assets (E)                                                         –

Total amount of the three guarantees mentioned above (C+D+E)                                                           331.03

                                                                                        Bearing the principal, interest and
Undue guarantees with joint and several liability
                                                                                             other expenses of the bonds




                                                                                                                                 203
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                         1. Guarantees Provided by the Company
                         (1) In 2017, as considered and approved at the fifth meeting of the fourth session of the Board and the
                         2016 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with the
                         maximum amount of RMB1.9 billion to Huatai Asset Management. The net capital guarantee of RMB1.9 billion
                         has not been utilized during the Reporting Period.
                         (2) In 2018, as considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the fourth session of the Board,
                         the Company provided a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai
                         United Securities. The net capital guarantee will be available from July 1, 2019. In 2022, Shenzhen Securities
                         Regulatory Bureau approved the Company to adjust the amount of the commitment on the provision of net
                         capital guarantee to Huatai United Securities in 2019 from RMB2.0 billion to RMB1.0 billion from June 21, 2022.
                         As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with a total amount
                         of RMB1.0 billion to Huatai United Securities.
                         (3) In 2020, as considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the
                         Company provided a liquidity guarantee with a maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United
                         Securities, which had not been utilized during the Reporting Period.
                         (4) In 2021, as considered and approved at the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board and the
                         2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, the persons authorized by the general mandate
                         to issue onshore and offshore debt financing instruments of the Company may sign relevant agreements,
                         and the Company (as the guarantor) has entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International
                         Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for USD1,300 million bonds
                         and additional USD100 million bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International.
                         Among them, USD900 million bonds were due for repayment in April 2024 and the corresponding guarantee
                         was automatically terminated.
                         (5) In 2022, the Company, as guarantor, entered into a guarantee agreement with Citigroup International
                         Limited (as trustee) to provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for the bonds issued by Pioneer
                         Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, consisting of US$1.0 billion bonds and RMB5.0 billion
                         bonds. Among them, the US$1.0 billion bonds matured and were repaid in March 2025, and the RMB5.0
          Explanations
                         billion bonds matured and were repaid in September 2025, following which the relevant guarantees were
          on
                         automatically discharged.
          guarantees
                         (6) In 2023, the Company (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Hongkong and
                         Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable
                         guarantee for USD1,600 million bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International.
                         (7) In 2025, the Company (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Hongkong and
                         Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable
                         guarantee for three overseas bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International,
                         with the amounts being USD500 million, HK$2,000 million and RMB1,700 million, respectively.
                         2. Guarantees Provided by the Subsidiaries
                         During the Reporting Period, Huatai International and its subsidiaries have provided guarantees for the
                         benefits of their subsidiaries in connection with their business operations, which are mainly guarantees
                         for corporate bonds and guarantees for medium-term notes. The aggregate guaranteed amount was
                         approximately RMB11.345 billion as of the end of the Reporting Period.
                         In addition, Huatai International and its subsidiaries provided guarantees, some of which were unlimited,
                         for various International Swaps and Derivatives Association Agreements (ISDA), Global Master Repurchase
                         Agreements (GMRA), Global Master Securities Lending Agreements (GMSLA) and Broker-Dealer Agreements.
                         The above-mentioned unlimited guarantees were issued in accordance with normal international banking
                         and capital market practices, which allowed the banks and other financial institutions which Huatai
                         International and its subsidiaries deal with to support large market events and fluctuating requirements,
                         therefore ensuring Huatai International and its subsidiaries not constrained in the normal course of business.
                         Since Huatai International and its subsidiaries are limited companies, the absolute maximum exposure of
                         these guarantees in aggregate would be limited to the respective net assets of Huatai International and its
                         subsidiaries.
                         3. The aforesaid amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects
                         with an asset-liability ratio of more than 70% was RMB33.103 billion, including: 1) guarantee provided by the
                         Company for the bonds issuance of Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, with the
                         amounts being USD2.6 billion bonds, HK$2.0 billion bonds and RMB1.7 billion; 2) the guarantee provided by
                         Huatai International and its subsidiaries to meet the needs of the business operation of their subsidiaries.




204
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(III) Other material contracts

1. According to the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《上海證券交易所
股票上市規則》) and the Standards for the Contents and Formats of Information Disclosure by Companies
Offering Securities to the Public No. 2 – Contents and Formats of Annual Report (《公開發行證券的公司信息披
露內容與格式準則第 2 號－ 年度報告的內容與格式》), the Group did not enter into material contracts during the
Reporting Period.

2. The progress of relevant significant contracts disclosed during the Reporting Period is as follows:

During the Reporting Period, the General Construction Contract for Huatai Securities Square (《華泰證券
廣場施工總承包合同》) was performed normally, and the Company had paid RMB19,510,700 under the general
construction contract and major sub-contracts thereof. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company                About Us
has paid RMB983,419,900 in total under the general construction contract as agreed.



XIII. EXPLANATION ON PROGRESS IN USE OF FUNDS RAISED

All funds raised from the issuance of shares by the Company have been used up before the Reporting


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Period.




                                                                                                                       and Strategies
XIV. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE ACTION PLAN FOR “CORPORATE VALUE
AND RETURN ENHANCEMENT” FOR 2025

The Group has earnestly implemented the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and its subsequent
plenary sessions, fully implemented the new guideline on strengthening regulation, forestalling risks and
promoting the high-quality development of the capital market ( 新 “ 國九條 ”) and its supporting policies and




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
systems, and actively responded to the “Initiative on Carrying Out Special Action of “Corporate Value and
Return Enhancement” for Listed Companies on the Shanghai Stock Market (《關 於 開 展 滬 市 上 市 公 司 “ 提
質 增 效 重 回 報 ” 專 項 行 動 的 倡 議》) issued by the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and formulated and issued the
action plan for “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement” in June 2024, solidly practicing the “investor-
oriented” concept, continuously promoting high-quality development, and continuously consolidating the
enhancement of investment value. In 2025, guided by the action plan, the Group continued to systematically
advance the implementation of relevant work. The overall implementation situation is as follows:

(I) Strengthening Value Creation and Striving to Build a First-Class Investment Bank
Committed to High-Quality Development




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Comprehensive strength has reached new heights. Facing a complex and volatile domestic and
international economic and financial environment, the Group has consistently adhered to its functional
positioning, continuously deepened the “two-pronged” ( 雙 輪 驅 動 ) development strategy of wealth management
and institutional services empowered by science and technology, accelerated the digital intelligence



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
transformation, coordinately promoted the integration of domestic and overseas operations, and
continuously strengthened business synergy and value creation capabilities. Overall, the Group has
maintained a sound momentum of steady progress and quality and efficiency enhancement. During the
Reporting Period, the Group achieved total revenue, other income and gains of RMB 47.22 billion with profit
for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounting to RMB 16.383 billion. Total assets of the
Group exceeded RMB 1 trillion, and total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company exceeded RMB
200 billion, with overall operating performance firmly maintaining a leading position in the industry.

Standing at the forefront in international development. The Group was firmly committed to deepening its
international development layout and cross-border integrated linkage, while building a unified middle- and
back-office support framework tailored to global operations, consistently ranking among the top Chinese




                                                                                                                205
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          brokers in Hong Kong in terms of comprehensive strength and market position in key business areas. During
          the Reporting Period, the Group ranked third in the market in terms of the number of H-share IPO sponsorship
          projects and completed several landmark projects, effectively supporting new economy enterprises in their
          global expansion. The Singapore Subsidiary obtained the qualification as the Main Board sponsor from the
          Singapore Exchange and qualifications to invest in the Indian capital market, and proactively expanded
          its business footprint across multiple lines. The USA Subsidiary obtained the membership qualification as a
          lead underwriter on the New York Stock Exchange and the qualification as a broker and dealer for non-US
          sovereign bonds, with cross-border business coordination mechanisms continuously optimized.

          Digital intelligence empowerment maintained at the leading position in the industry. Guided by the strategic
          orientation of “making technology our core competitive advantage”, the Group comprehensively advanced
          the “All IN AI” strategy during the Reporting Period, and proactively explored the mode to reshape business
          models through AI-driven thinking and technology, establishing an industry-leading foundation of data,
          models and computing power. Also, the Group accelerated the promotion of development of intelligent
          and international capabilities across key business platforms, achieving continuous breakthroughs in key
          value scenarios such as wealth management, investment research, investment banking and investment
          trading; the Group took the lead in launching the “AI ZhangLe (AI 漲樂 )” APP, an AI-native investment tool for
          customers centering on trading, thereby consolidating and enhancing the market advantage of the trading
          service system and reinforcing the industry-leading position in digital intelligence innovation.

          (II) Upholding the “Top Priorities of the Country” and Making Solid Progress on the
          “Five Major Areas of Finance”

          Committing to deepening technology finance. The Group continued to focus on strategic emerging
          industries and future industries, providing professional services to support the growth and expansion of
          high-quality sci-tech innovation enterprises, thereby better facilitating the accelerated development of
          new quality productive forces. From 2012 through the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has served
          over 300 sci-tech innovation enterprises with a total market capitalization of approximately RMB13 trillion.
          During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully assisted 14 companies listed on the STAR Market and
          ChiNext in completing equity financings, with a total underwriting amount of RMB12.033 billion; a total of
          290 technological innovation bonds were underwritten, with a scale of RMB81.072 billion, representing a
          significant year-on-year increase.

          Deepening green finance. The Group continued to provide a range of financing services including equity,
          bonds and asset securitization to enterprises in the new energy, energy conservation and environmental
          protection sectors, while developing differentiated green financial products to support the green
          transformation of the economy. The Group served nine enterprises in the new energy, energy conservation
          and environmental protection sectors for completing equity financing, with a total underwriting amount of
          RMB23.001 billion; 82 green bonds were underwritten with a scale of RMB22.37 billion; 9 green ABSs products
          were issued with a scale of RMB8.226 billion; in the carbon trading sector, the trading volume of Certified
          Voluntary Emission Reductions (CCERs) nationwide grew significantly, and the Group assisted EVE Power in
          completing the first carbon quota buyback transaction in the lithium battery industry.

          Actively practicing inclusive finance. During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to optimize and
          improve the wealth management product and service systems to better meet the multi-tiered and diverse
          financial product needs of the public, with the fund investment advisory business maintaining industry-
          leading scale. Leveraging the multi-tiered capital market, the Group provided comprehensive financial
          services to private enterprises and SMEs. The Group assisted 19 private enterprises in completing equity
          financing, with a total underwriting scale of RMB21.897 billion; 127 private enterprise bonds were underwritten
          with a total underwriting scale of RMB37.162 billion; and among new private equity investment projects, there
          were a total of 20 national-level specialized, sophisticated, distinctive and innovative little giant enterprises
          ( 專精特新小巨人企業 ), and specialized, sophisticated, distinctive and innovative SMEs ( 專精特新中小企業 ).

          Steadily deploying in pension finance. The Group proactively built a pension financial services system,
          and continuously conducted research on pension products and asset allocation, providing residents with
          professional and diversified personal pension allocation services. During the Reporting Period, the Group




206
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
continued to make greater effort in the selection and coverage of publicly offered pension funds, achieving
near-universal coverage; the Group developed and launched fund investment advisory strategies tailored
for pension, and continued to manage and operate these strategies; and the Group established one-stop
services for individual pension accounts centered on the customer’s entire life cycle.

Innovatively developing digital finance. The Group has consistently remained at the forefront of digital
finance innovation, actively advanced digital and intelligent transformation, and deepening co-creation
in technology and business as well as ecosystem co-creation. In multiple key business areas, the Group
has successively built a series of important platforms guiding the innovation and development of the
industry. During the Reporting Period, the Group proactively participated in financial technology innovation


                                                                                                                           About Us
pilots in the capital market and the “Data Elements × Capital Markets” special pilots, supporting that core
technological competitiveness continues to lead the industry. A number of projects including the “Global
Trading Platform” and “Research and Practical Application of Cybersecurity Attack Surface Management in
the Securities Industry” received the Second Prize in the People’s Bank of China’s 2024 Financial Technology
Development Awards.

(III) Strengthening Market Capitalization Management and Sharing the
Development Results with Investors


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Committing to providing consistent returns to investors. The year of 2025 marks the 15th anniversary of
the Group’s listing on the A-share market and the 10th anniversary of its listing on the H-share market.



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
The Group has always adhered to an investor-centric approach, firmly upheld the principle of rewarding
investors, and has maintained a stable and consistent dividend policy over the long term to share the
operating and development results of the Company with all investors. Since the listing of its A shares in 2010,
the Group has cumulatively implemented 17 cash dividend distributions, totaling RMB42.91 billion. In August
2025 and December 2025, the Company completed the annual profit distribution for 2024 and the interim
profit distribution for 2025, respectively, with a total dividend payout of RMB0.52 per share, amounting to
RMB4.694 billion in cash dividends. Both the scale and ratio of these dividends ranked among the forefront
in the industry. To further reward investors for their support, the Company has formulated the 2025 profit




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
distribution proposal, proposing a dividend of RMB0.40 per share. The Company will establish and refine the
“stable, sustainable and scientific” shareholder value return mechanism to tangibly enhance the sense of
gain for investors and contribute to the Company’s value growth.

Strengthening investor engagement through multiple channels. The Group adhered to a long-term value-
oriented approach, and guided by the principles of “compliance, equality, proactivity and integrity”,
effectively strengthened investor relations management, enhanced the quality and transparency of
information disclosure, and continuously improved the market’s recognition and understanding of the
Company’ s unique advantages in development. During the Reporting Period, the Group organized and
formulated the Market Capitalization Management System (《 市 值 管 理 制 度 》) and established a market
capitalization management work system. In active response to the Shanghai Stock Exchange’s initiatives,




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
the Group successively compiled and released semi-annual reports on the implementation of the 2024
and 2025 action plans of “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement”, conveying to the market the Group’s
commitment to the “investor-centric” philosophy and the progress made toward high-quality development;
the Group disclosed 128 documents on the SSE, 275 documents on Hong Kong Stock Exchange and 33



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
documents on the London Stock Exchange, providing investors with objective and effective basis for
judgment; the Group organized and hosted four results presentations and briefings, and received 55
batches of approximately 290 researchers and investment professionals from domestic and international
securities firms, fund companies and other institutions for on-site visits, research or telephone interviews;
and the Group participated in 16 strategy briefings and investment forums hosted by domestic and
international financial institutions, and maintained the SSE e-Interaction platform and investor hotline,
continuously enhancing investor recognition of the Company’s investment value.

(IV) Improving Corporate Governance and Continuously Enhancing the Level of
Standardized Operations




                                                                                                                  207
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Continuously optimizing and improving corporate governance. As a Chinese financial institution listed in
          Shanghai, Hong Kong and London, the Group strictly followed the requirements of domestic and international
          listing rules, continuously refined the corporate governance system, and promoted the establishment of a
          corporate governance mechanism characterized by transparent responsibilities, coordinated operations
          and effective checks and balances. During the Reporting Period, the Group convened 7 Board meetings,
          3 meetings of the Supervisory Committee, 6 general meetings, 20 meetings of special committees of
          the Board and 1 special meeting of independent directors, at which a total of 150 proposals were heard,
          considered, examined or reviewed. The Group strictly implemented the work arrangements of the Ministry
          of Finance and the CSRC regarding the reform of the Supervisory Committee, completing the reform, filing
          of the amended Articles of Association, and business registration changes on schedule; the Group steadily
          advanced the renewal of the Board of Directors, continuously optimized the Board structure featured by
          diversity, complementary strengths and a majority of external directors, and standardized decision-making
          procedures, thereby enhancing the operational efficiency and continuously improving the governance
          standards. The Group was awarded the 2025 Best Practice Case for Board of Directors of Listed Companies,
          the Best Practice Case for Office of the Board of Directors, and a spot on the List of Listed Companies with
          the Highest Total Cash Dividends, all organized by the China Association of Public Companies. Additionally,
          the Group received a 5A rating in the 2025 Performance Evaluation of Secretaries of the Board of Directors
          of Listed Companies.

          Continuously improving the quality and efficiency of compliance and risk control. The Group continued to
          optimize the compliance management system and strengthened the professional expertise in compliance
          management. During the Reporting Period, the Group deepened cross-border integrated compliance
          coordination to solidify the foundation for the development of international business; the Group adhered to
          technology-driven innovation and in-house core R&D to enhance digital compliance capabilities; and the
          Group established a long-term control mechanism for integrity business conduct to continuously strengthen
          the rule-of-law awareness of all employees; the Group maintained a benign interaction with regulators to
          safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and investors. In terms of risk management,
          the Group always integrated risk management deeply into business operations, ensuring it remained in sync
          with business activities. Centering on client needs and focusing on key businesses and high-risk sectors, the
          Group dynamically advanced the effective implementation of critical measures, enhanced the foresight of
          risk identification and prevention, continuously improved the efficiency of regulatory capital utilization, and
          unleashed the vitality for high-quality business development while upholding the security bottom line.

          (V) Deepening Corporate Culture and Effectively Solidifying the Responsibilities of
          “Critical Minority”

          Actively carrying forward financial culture with Chinese characteristics. The Group proactively responded
          to the call for cultural development in the securities industry. In accordance with the requirements of the
          “five musts and five don’ts” on financial culture with Chinese characteristics, the Group have fully integrated
          cultural development into the operation and development. During the Reporting Period, the Group organized
          specialized seminars on cultural development to foster and build a shared “Huatai Cultural Consensus”,
          embedding the cultural consensus including “customer first”, “professionalism being the basis”, “diligence
          and pragmatism”, “cooperation and mutual progress”, “value creation” and “self-renewal” into the daily
          work of all employees, so as to lay a solid spiritual foundation for sustainable growth. The Group also
          leveraged innovative thinking to forge a distinctive cultural brand. Through the implementation of signature
          cultural initiatives such as the “Light Chaser ( 追光者 )” and “Integration for Gathering Strength ( 融心聚力 )”
          and other Party building, technology and public welfare programs, the Group promoted exemplary cultural
          development cases into the case repositories of leading universities. By utilizing high-level international
          conferences to effectively communicate our cultural development narrative to the global community, the
          Group was dedicated to transforming corporate cultural strengths into value-creation advantages for
          serving the real economy.

          Consolidating the performance foundation for the “Critical Minority”. The directors and senior management
          members of the Group strictly abided by laws, regulations and the Articles of Association, upheld principles
          of compliance, integrity, diligence and accountability, and actively participated in specialized trainings




208
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
to refine their performance capabilities, thereby enhancing the scientificness of decision-making and
effectively safeguarding shareholder rights and the Company’s long-term interests. During the Reporting
Period, in accordance with various policy requirements, the Group proactively conducted regular training
for directors, covering the latest regulatory rules across multiple regions, key points of integrity and anti-
money laundering compliance, and ESG governance disclosure requirements, etc.; besides, specialized
training focused on cross-regional regulatory rules was provided for newly appointed directors following
the renewal of the Board, helping them quickly understanding their statutory duties as well as the regulatory
requirements for their new roles, and clarifying compliance red lines across multiple jurisdictions, thereby
injecting lasting momentum into sound operations and sustainable development.



                                                                                                                          About Us
The Group will always uphold its founding mission of serving the nation and the livelihood through finance,
taking the service to real economy and the development of new quality productive forces as its primary
responsibility, and regarding better service to investors and assistance in optimizing residents’ asset
allocation as its duty. On the new journey of the “15th Five-Year Plan”, the Group will advance high-quality
development to new heights, striving to build a first-class investment bank with enhanced international
competitiveness and market leadership, better demonstrating the responsibilities and commitments of a
securities firm in the new era, and actively contributing Huatai’s strength to the construction of a financial
power and the Chinese-style modernization.



XV. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER MAJOR EVENTS THAT HAVE SIGNIFICANT                                                            Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
IM PACTS ON INVESTORS TO MAKE VALUE JUDGM ENTS AND
INVESTMENT DECISIONS

(I) Change of shareholdings in subsidiaries

For details of change of shareholdings in subsidiaries during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Major
disposal of assets and shareholdings by the Company during the Reporting Period” under “Major Operations




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
during the Reporting Period” under “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” in this report.

(II) Description of major events of the subsidiaries

1. Huatai Purple Gold Investment

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Huatai Strategic
Emerging (Changzhou) New Energy Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 華泰戰新 ( 常
州 ) 新能源股權投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale
of such fund amounted to RMB1.0 billion. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive
partner and a general partner, contributed RMB350 million.



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale of Nanjing Huatai Xingong Industries Investment Fund
Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰新工產業投資基金 ( 有限合夥 )), initiated and established by Huatai
Purple Gold Investment, increased from RMB920 million to RMB950 million. As of the end of the Reporting



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner and a general partner,
contributed RMB250 million.

During the Reporting Period, there occurred a change of equity of Nanjing Huatai Healthcare Investment I LLP
( 南京華泰大健康一號股權投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), initiated and established by Huatai Purple Gold Investment.
The subscription amount contributed by Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive
partner and a general partner, increased from RMB279.10 million to RMB279.50 million.

During the Reporting Period, there occurred a change of equity of Nanjing Huatai Healthcare Investment II
LLP ( 南京華泰大健康二號股權投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), initiated and established by Huatai Purple Gold Investment.
The subscription amount contributed by Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive
partner and a general partner, increased from RMB19.90 million to RMB20.00 million.




                                                                                                                 209
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, there occurred a change of equity of Nanjing Huatai Ruitong Investment
          Management Co., Ltd. ( 南京華泰瑞通投資管理有限公司 ), a holding subsidiary of Huatai Purple Gold Investment.
          The subscription amount contributed by Huatai Purple Gold Investment increased from RMB2.70 million to
          RMB3.3 million.

          2. Huatai International

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai International completed the capital increase of its subsidiary, Huatai
          Securities (USA), by USD50 million and fulfilled relevant legal procedures.

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai International established Huatai Securities Japan Preparation Limited ( 華
          泰證券日本準備株式會社 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary in Japan, with registered address in Japan.

          During the Reporting Period, subsidiaries of Huatai International obtained the following business
          qualifications:

          (1) Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) obtained a Type 3 regulated activity (leveraged foreign exchange
          trading) license issued by the SFC of Hong Kong, and the securities market maker licenses of CSOP FTSE
          China A50 ETF (Stock Code: 2822) and CSOP FTSE China A50 ETF (Stock Code: 82822) issued by Hong Kong
          Exchanges and Clearing Limited, and has become a registration institution for the RMB interest rate swap
          business system.

          (2) The Singapore Subsidiary obtained a capital market service licence issued by the Monetary Authority
          of Singapore, which permits it to conduct capital markets products trading and provide corporate finance
          advisory services. It also obtained the qualification approved by the Singapore Exchange to act as a joint
          sponsor for Initial Public Offering on the main board or Reverse Takeover projects. In addition, it obtained
          the Certificate of Registration issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India and was approved as a
          Foreign Portfolio Investor.

          (3) USA Subsidiary obtained the membership qualification as a limited underwriter from New York Stock
          Exchange, U.S.A., and the qualification as a broker and dealer for non-US sovereign bonds.

          3. Huatai Futures

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures elected Mr. Zhao Changtao as the chairman of the board of
          directors, and appointed Mr. Zhou Erli as the general manager.

          (III) For other major events disclosed by the Company on China Securities Journal,
          Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times, Securities Daily and the website of the
          SSE (www.sse.com.cn) during the Reporting Period, please refer to Appendix IV.
          Information Disclosures Index.



          XVI. MAIN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ITEMS THAT MAY AFFECT THE
          COMPANY’S FINANCIAL SITUATION AND OPERATING RESULTS

          For the main off-balance sheet items that may affect the Company’s financial situation and operating
          results, please refer to “Guarantees” under “Material Contracts and Performance Thereof” under “Major
          Events” in this report.



          XVII. IMPORTANT MATTERS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

          (I) Changes in the Company’s directors and senior management




210
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
1. On January 23, 2026, the Company’s first extraordinary general meeting of 2026 elected 12 individuals,
including Mr. Wang Huiqing, Mr. Zhou Yi, Mr. Ding Feng, Ms. Yu Lanying, Mr. Ke Xiang, Mr. Jin Yongfu, Mr. Chen
Jianwei, Mr. Wang Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang Bing and Mr. LO Kin Wing Terry,
together with Ms. Wang Ying (the employee representative Director elected by the Company’s Employee
Representative Assembly) as members of the Company’s seventh session of the Board, for a term of three
years commencing from the date of approval by the general meeting. The terms of office of Mr. Zhang
Wei, Mr. Chen Zhongyang and Mr. Zhang Jinxin, members of the Company’s sixth session of the Board, have
expired, and they will no longer serve as directors of the Company.

2. On 23 January 2026, the Company’s first meeting of the seventh session of the Board elected Mr. Wang


                                                                                                                          About Us
Huiqing as Chairman of the seventh session of the Board, for a term of three years commencing from the
date of approval by the Board meeting; Mr. Zhou Yi was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
of the Executive Committee; Mr. Han Zhencong, Mr. Jiang Jian, Mr. Zhang Hui, Mr. Chen Tianxiang, Ms. Jiao
Xiaoning and Mr. Wang Yujie were appointed as members of the Executive Committee, and among them, Mr.
Wang Yujie would take office formally upon passing the competency assessment for senior management of
securities company; Mr. Han Zhencong was appointed as Chief Information Officer (concurrently); Ms. Jiao
Xiaoning was appointed as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (concurrently); Mr. Jiao Kai was appointed
as the Company’s compliance Director and General Counsel; Mr. Wang Chong was appointed as the
Company’s Chief Risk Officer; Ms. Sun Yan was appointed as the Company’s Human Resources Director; and


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Mr. Zhang Hui was appointed as the Company’s Board Secretary (concurrently). The term of office for the
aforementioned senior management personnel shall be three years from the date of approval by the Board


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
meeting. On 30 January 2026, Mr. Wang Yujie passed the competency assessment for senior management
of securities company and formally assumed the position of member of the Executive Committee of the
Company.

(II) Proposal or resolution on annual distribution

Please refer to “Important Notice” in this report for details of proposal on annual distribution.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
(III) Material investment and financing activities

Please refer to “66. Events after the reporting date” under “Notes to the consolidated financial statements”
of “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Annual Report” in this report for details of issuance of
bonds by the Company subsequent to the Reporting Period.

(IV) Material litigation and arbitration

After the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any material litigation and arbitration.

(V) Business combination or disposal of subsidiary



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
After the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any business combination or disposal of any
subsidiary.




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
(VI) New establishment of securities branches, relocation and change of name of
securities branches and branch offices during the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                 211
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          1. New establishment of securities branches:


                                                Date of
          No. Name          Address             establishment   Business scope

                            Rooms 1301-                         Securities brokerage; securities investment
                            1302 & 1313-                        consulting; margin financing and securities
                            1316, Blocks 4 &                    lending business; sales of public offering securities
               Securities
                            5, Huayuanhua                       investment funds; agency sale of financial products;
               Branch
                            Center, No.                         securities underwriting (limited to ancillary works
               in Middle                        January 21,
          1                 36, Section                         such as project contracting, project information
               Xiangjiang                       2026
                            2 of Middle                         transmission and recommendation and customer
               Road,
                            Xiangjiang Road,                    relationship maintenance of underwriting of
               Changsha
                            Tianxin District,                   government bonds, debt financing instruments
                            Changsha City,                      of non-financial enterprises and financial bonds
                            Hunan Province                      (including policy-bank bonds) only).

                            Rooms 2909,                         Securities brokerage; securities investment
                            2910, 2911 &                        consulting; margin financing and securities
                            2912, Block C,                      lending business; sales of public offering securities
               Securities   Kailin Business                     investment funds; agency sale of financial products;
               Branch in    Center, No. 53,                     securities underwriting (limited to ancillary works
                                                January 22,
          2    Binjiang     Binjiang Road,                      such as project contracting, project information
                                                2026
               Road,        Guangshaling                        transmission and recommendation and customer
               Changsha     Subdistrict,                        relationship maintenance of underwriting of
                            Yuelu District,                     government bonds, debt financing instruments
                            Changsha City,                      of non-financial enterprises and financial bonds
                            Hunan Province                      (including policy-bank bonds) only).

                                                                Securities brokerage; securities investment
                            Shops 131-132,                      consulting; margin financing and securities
                            Venture Plaza                       lending business; sales of public offering securities
               Securities   (Civic Center), No.                 investment funds; agency sale of financial products;
               Branch in    399, Shennong                       securities underwriting (limited to ancillary works
                                                January 22,
          3    Shennong     Avenue, Taishan                     such as project contracting, project information
                                                2026
               Avenue,      Road Subdistrict,                   transmission and recommendation and customer
               Zhuzhou      Tianyuan District,                  relationship maintenance of underwriting of
                            Zhuzhou City,                       government bonds, debt financing instruments
                            Hunan Province                      of non-financial enterprises and financial bonds
                                                                (including policy-bank bonds) only).

                                                                Securities brokerage; securities investment
                            Room 101,                           consulting; margin financing and securities
                            Blocks A, A1 & B,                   lending business; sales of public offering securities
               Securities   Yujinghuayuan,                      investment funds; agency sale of financial products;
               Branch in    No. 9, Jiefang                      securities underwriting (limited to ancillary works
                                                January 22,
          4    Jiefang      Avenue,                             such as project contracting, project information
                                                2026
               Avenue,      Zhengxiang                          transmission and recommendation and customer
               Hengyang     District,                           relationship maintenance of underwriting of
                            Hengyang City,                      government bonds, debt financing instruments
                            Hunan Province                      of non-financial enterprises and financial bonds
                                                                (including policy-bank bonds) only).




212
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2. Relocation and rename of branch offices and securities branches:


    Name before           Name after                                                        Issue date of
No. relocation            relocation           Address after relocation                     license

     Securities Branch    Securities Branch    No. 151, Jinlong Avenue, Enshi City, Enshi
1    in Jingui Avenue,    in Jinlong Avenue,   Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture,        January 15, 2026
     Enshi                Enshi                Hubei Province

     Securities Branch    Securities Branch
                                               Rooms 2201-2212, 2501–2508 & 2511-2512,

                                                                                                                         About Us
     in Rongchao          in Rongchao
                                               Building A, Rongchao Business Center,
2    Business Center,     Business Center,                                                  January 15, 2026
                                               Fuxin Community, Lianhua Subdistrict,
     Yitian Road,         Yitian Road,
                                               Futian District, Shenzhen City
     Shenzhen             Shenzhen

                                               Rooms 101 & 102, Block No. 15, Huangqiu
     Securities Branch    Securities Branch
                                               Dangui Garden, Liuqing Subdistrict,
3    in Jinqueshan        in Beijing Road,                                                  January 22, 2026
                                               Lanshan District, Linyi City, Shandong
     Road, Linyi          Linyi
                                               Province


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                               Units C & D,10/F, Xiangye International
4    Fujian Branch        Fujian Branch        Building, No. 81 Zhanhong Road, Siming       January 26, 2026


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                               District, Xiamen

     Securities Branch    Securities Branch    Rooms N110 & N202, Block No. 16,
     in Renmin South      in West Xingfu       Huangjiangyuting, South Side of
5                                                                                           February 12, 2026
     Road, Dafeng,        Avenue, Dafeng,      West Xingfu Avenue, Dafeng District,
     Yancheng             Yancheng             Yancheng City

                                               Units 03-1, 04 & 05-1, 29/F (actually 26/
     Securities Branch    Securities Branch




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                               F), Xi’an Huanmao Center, No. 50, Jinye
6    in Zhangba East      in Jinye Road,                                                    March 2, 2026
                                               Road, High-tech District, Xi’an City,
     Road, Xi’an          Xi’an
                                               Shaanxi Province



(VII) Other situations that might materially affect the financial position, results of
operation and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period

The Company had no other situations that might materially affect the financial position, results of operation
and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                213
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Changes in Shares
          and Shareholders




          I. CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

          (I) Statement of changes in shares

          1. Statement of changes in shares
                                                                                                                                  Unit: Shares

                                    Before the change                Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change           After the change

                                                                             Shares
                                                               New
                                                 Percentage         Bonus converted                                               Percentage
                                     Number                 shares                            Others      Subtotal    Number
                                                        (%)        shares      from                                                      (%)
                                                            issued
                                                                           reserves

          I. Shares subject to
                                    13,925,879          0.15     –         –          –   -12,865,879   -12,865,879   1,060,000          0.01
          selling restrictions

          1. Shares held by the
                                            –             –      –         –          –             –            –           –              –
          state

          2. Shares held by
          state-owned legal                 –             –      –         –          –             –            –           –              –
          persons

          3. Shares held by other
                                    13,925,879          0.15     –         –          –   -12,865,879   -12,865,879   1,060,000          0.01
          domestic investors

          Including: Shares held
          by domestic non-
                                            –             –      –         –          –             –            –           –              –
          state-owned legal
          persons

          Shares held by
          domestic natural          13,925,879          0.15     –         –          –   -12,865,879   -12,865,879   1,060,000          0.01
          persons

          4. Shares held by
                                            –             –      –         –          –             –            –           –              –
          foreign investors

          Including: Shares held
          by overseas legal                 –             –      –         –          –             –            –           –              –
          persons

          Shares held by
          overseas natural                  –             –      –         –          –             –            –           –              –
          persons




214
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                           Before the change                 Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change             After the change

                                                                     Shares
                                                       New
                                         Percentage         Bonus converted                                                  Percentage
                             Number                 shares                             Others     Subtotal       Number
                                                (%)        shares      from                                                         (%)
                                                    issued
                                                                   reserves

II. Tradable shares
not subject to selling   9,013,376,402        99.85      –         –          –     12,427,384   12,427,384 9,025,803,786         99.99
restrictions

1. Ordinary shares in
                         7,294,330,722        80.80      –         –          –     12,427,384   12,427,384 7,306,758,106         80.94
RMB


                                                                                                                                                    About Us
2. Domestic listed
                                    –             –      –         –          –             –            –              –             –
foreign shares

3. Overseas listed
                         1,719,045,680         19.04     –         –          –             –            –   1,719,045,680         19.04
foreign shares

4. Others                           –                    –         –          –             –            –              –             –

III. Total shares        9,027,302,281       100.00      –         –          –     -438,495      -438,495 9,026,863,786         100.00



2. Information on changes in shares

During the Reporting Period, the conditions for lifting the selling restrictions of the third lock-up period under                               Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company have been fulfilled, a total of 12,427,384
restricted Shares were released from selling restrictions, and were listed for trading on May 20, 2025.

During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased and cancelled part or all of 438,495 restricted A
Shares granted to 143 incentive participants but subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment
of condition of individual performance, release or termination of employment with the Company and
other circumstances. On September 11, 2025, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation
of such restricted A Shares, and the total share capital of the Company changed to 9,026,863,786 Shares,




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
comprising 7,307,818,106 A shares, representing approximately 80.96% of the total number of shares; and
1,719,045,680 H shares, representing approximately 19.04% of the total number of shares.

3. Impact of the change in shares on earnings per share, net asset value per share or other
financial indicators for the latest year and the latest period

In 2025, the total amount of shares decreased by 438,495 as the Company completed the repurchase and
cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares. Based on the weighted average number, basic earnings per
share in 2025 were RMB1.73, and diluted earnings per share were RMB1.73.

The net assets per share attributable to owners of the listed company as at the end of 2025 were RMB22.92.
Such net assets per share attributable to owners of the listed company include perpetual bonds issued



                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
by the Company. Net of the influence of perpetual bonds, net assets per share attributable to ordinary
shareholders of the listed company as at the end of 2025 were RMB19.24.




                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                           215
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Changes in shares subject to selling restrictions
                                                                                                                                                Unit: Shares

                                                                             Increase in
                                     Number                Number           the number
                                    of shares             of shares            of shares     Number of
                                      subject             released               subject shares subject
                                    to selling         from selling            to selling      to selling                                        Date of
                               restrictions at          restrictions         restrictions restrictions at                                        release
          Name of              the beginning             during the           during the the end of the                Reasons for          from selling
          shareholder             of the year                  year                 year            year                   selling           restrictions

          Incentive                                                                                                       Incentive
          participants                                                                                                   scheme of          See note for
                                     13,925,879           12,427,384            -438,495              1,060,000
          of restricted A                                                                                               restricted A             details
          Shares                                                                                                             Shares

          Total                      13,925,879           12,427,384            -438,495              1,060,000                       /                    /

          Notes:
          1. Pursuant to the requirements under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., which was disclosed by
          the Company on February 9, 2021, if the restricted Shares granted under the incentive scheme meet the conditions of unlocking after 24 months
          from the date of completion of registration of the corresponding granted portion of shares, the incentive participants may release the restriction
          in three phases in the next 36 months in the proportion of 33%, 33% and 34%.
          The registration date of the restricted Shares under the incentive scheme was April 6, 2021, and the third lock-up period expired on April 5, 2025.
          The number of the unlocked Shares was 12,427,384 Shares, and the listing and trading date of the unlocked Shares was May 20, 2025.
          2. On September 11, 2025, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 438,495 restricted A Shares.




          II. THE ISSUANCE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

          (I) Issuance of Securities during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                               Currency: RMB

                                                                    Issue                                                   Number of
                                                                price (or                                                    securities
          Types of shares and their                              interest       Number of                              permitted to be Ending date
          derivative securities                   Date of issue     rate) securities issued          Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

          Bonds (including enterprise bonds, corporate bonds and debt financing instruments of non-financial
          enterprises)

          Subordinated bonds                     2025-05-09            1.71%    RMB0.7 billion        2025-05-19        RMB0.7 billion 2028-05-12

          Subordinated bonds                      2025-08-13          2.13%      RMB1.2 billion       2025-08-21         RMB1.2 billion 2030-08-14

          Subordinated bonds                     2025-09-08           2.19%     RMB2.0 billion        2025-09-16        RMB2.0 billion 2030-09-09

          Subordinated bonds                      2025-09-18          2.24%      RMB1.0 billion      2025-09-25          RMB1.0 billion 2030-09-20

          Subordinated bonds                       2025-10-10         2.26%      RMB4.1 billion       2025-10-20         RMB4.1 billion       2028-10-13

          Subordinated bonds                       2025-10-10         2.38%     RMB0.9 billion        2025-10-20        RMB0.9 billion        2030-10-11

          Subordinated bonds                       2025-11-07         2.03%      RMB1.5 billion        2025-11-18        RMB1.5 billion       2028-11-10

          Subordinated bonds                       2025-11-07         2.20%       RMB1.1 billion       2025-11-18         RMB1.1 billion      2030-11-08

          Short-term corporate
                                                  2025-01-06          1.60%     RMB3.2 billion         2025-01-14       RMB3.2 billion        2025-10-15
          bonds

          Short-term corporate
                                                   2025-04-11         1.78%     RMB5.0 billion        2025-04-21        RMB5.0 billion        2025-10-14
          bonds




216
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                              Issue                                            Number of
                                          price (or                                             securities
Types of shares and their                  interest       Number of                       permitted to be Ending date
derivative securities       Date of issue     rate) securities issued   Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

Short-term corporate
                            2025-04-21       1.77%    RMB3.0 billion    2025-04-28       RMB3.0 billion 2026-03-20
bonds

Short-term corporate
                            2025-07-10       1.77%    RMB1.0 billion     2025-07-18       RMB1.0 billion 2026-03-20
bonds

Short-term corporate

                                                                                                                                     About Us
                            2025-07-21       1.64%    RMB5.0 billion    2025-07-28       RMB5.0 billion 2026-07-22
bonds

Short-term corporate
                            2025-07-24       1.72%    RMB5.0 billion     2025-07-31      RMB5.0 billion 2026-06-26
bonds

Short-term corporate
                            2025-08-01       1.63%    RMB5.0 billion     2025-08-11      RMB5.0 billion 2026-03-04
bonds

Short-term corporate
                            2025-08-05       1.56%    RMB2.5 billion     2025-08-12      RMB2.5 billion     2025-11-06

                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
bonds

Short-term corporate


                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                            2025-08-05       1.65%    RMB2.5 billion     2025-08-12      RMB2.5 billion 2026-07-06
bonds

Short-term corporate
                            2025-08-15       1.72%    RMB3.5 billion    2025-08-25       RMB3.5 billion    2026-02-13
bonds

Short-term corporate
                            2025-08-15       1.70%    RMB1.2 billion    2025-08-25        RMB1.2 billion 2026-08-18
bonds

Short-term corporate




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                            2025-08-22       1.65%    RMB5.0 billion    2025-09-01       RMB5.0 billion 2026-07-06
bonds

Short-term corporate
                            2025-08-28       1.72%    RMB1.3 billion 2025-09-04           RMB1.3 billion 2026-06-26
bonds

Short-term corporate
                             2025-12-19       1.71%   RMB5.0 billion     2025-12-29      RMB5.0 billion    2026-12-22
bonds

Non-publicly issued
                            2025-09-04       1.92%    RMB2.6 billion     2025-09-11      RMB2.6 billion 2027-04-07
corporate bonds

Non-publicly issued



                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                            2025-09-10       1.76%    RMB3.0 billion     2025-09-17      RMB3.0 billion     2026-05-11
corporate bonds

Non-publicly issued
                            2025-09-10       1.95%    RMB1.0 billion     2025-09-17       RMB1.0 billion 2027-04-09



                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
corporate bonds

Non-publicly issued
                            2025-09-26       1.80%    RMB2.0 billion     2025-10-14      RMB2.0 billion 2026-06-08
corporate bonds

Non-publicly issued
                            2025-09-26       1.95%    RMB1.4 billion     2025-10-14       RMB1.4 billion 2027-05-07
corporate bonds

Publicly issued corporate
                            2025-01-23       1.85%    RMB1.8 billion     2025-02-11       RMB1.8 billion 2026-04-03
bonds




                                                                                                                            217
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                        Issue                                            Number of
                                                    price (or                                             securities
          Types of shares and their                  interest       Number of                       permitted to be Ending date
          derivative securities       Date of issue     rate) securities issued   Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-02-25      2.05%    RMB3.0 billion     2025-03-05       RMB3.0 billion 2027-02-26
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-02-25      2.05%     RMB1.9 billion    2025-03-05        RMB1.9 billion 2028-02-25
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-03-04      2.05%    RMB2.0 billion      2025-03-12      RMB2.0 billion 2026-06-05
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-03-04      2.05%    RMB2.7 billion      2025-03-12      RMB2.7 billion 2027-09-03
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-03-13      2.03%    RMB5.0 billion     2025-03-20       RMB5.0 billion 2026-04-16
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-03-20      2.02%    RMB3.6 billion     2025-03-27       RMB3.6 billion 2026-08-21
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-08-26      2.05%    RMB5.0 billion     2025-09-02       RMB5.0 billion 2027-02-26
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-09-12      2.05%    RMB6.0 billion     2025-09-22       RMB6.0 billion 2027-09-03
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-09-16       1.91%   RMB4.0 billion     2025-09-23       RMB4.0 billion    2027-09-17
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-09-22      3.07%     RMB5.1 billion    2025-09-29        RMB5.1 billion 2028-05-09
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-10-09      2.06%    RMB6.3 billion      2025-10-16      RMB6.3 billion     2028-10-12
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                      2025-10-09      2.20%     RMB1.0 billion     2025-10-16       RMB1.0 billion 2030-08-12
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                       2025-10-14     2.02%    RMB2.0 billion      2025-10-21      RMB2.0 billion      2028-11-15
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                       2025-10-14     2.20%    RMB2.0 billion      2025-10-21      RMB2.0 billion 2030-09-13
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                       2025-11-05      1.85%   RMB3.2 billion       2025-11-12     RMB3.2 billion 2028-12-06
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                       2025-11-05     2.00%     RMB1.7 billion      2025-11-12      RMB1.7 billion 2030-09-30
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                       2025-11-20      1.88% RMB2.83 billion        2025-11-27 RMB2.83 billion        2028-11-23
          bonds

          Publicly issued corporate
                                       2025-11-20      1.99% RMB0.87 billion        2025-11-27 RMB0.87 billion        2030-11-22
          bonds




218
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                Issue                                            Number of
                                            price (or                                             securities
Types of shares and their                    interest       Number of                       permitted to be Ending date
derivative securities         Date of issue     rate) securities issued   Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

Science and technology
innovation bond                2025-12-18      1.76%   RMB0.3 billion      2025-12-23      RMB0.3 billion     2028-12-21
(Interbank)

Science and technology
innovation bond                2025-12-18      1.85%   RMB0.7 billion      2025-12-23      RMB0.7 billion    2030-12-20


                                                                                                                                       About Us
(Interbank)

Perpetual subordinated
                              2025-05-22       2.12%   RMB5.0 billion     2025-05-29       RMB5.0 billion             N/A
bonds



Information of the issuance of securities during the Reporting Period:

1. Short-term corporate bonds


                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
On January 6, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(First Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB3.2 billion at an issue


                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 281-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.60%. The bonds were listed
for trading on January 14, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S1” and “242235.
SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB3.2 billion with the
trading to be ended on October 15, 2025.

On April 11, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Second Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB5.0 billion at an
issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 183-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.78%. The bonds were




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
listed for trading on April 21, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S2” and “242763.
SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on October 14, 2025.

On April 21, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Third Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB3.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 334-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.77%. The bonds were listed
for trading on April 28, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S3” and “242829.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB3.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on March 20, 2026.

On July 10, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities



                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
(Third Tranche) (Follow-up Offering) to professional investors. The follow-up offering amount of the bonds
was RMB1.0 billion at an issue price of RMB100.486 per bond, carrying a 334-day fixed rate with a coupon rate
of 1.77%. The bonds were listed for trading collectively with existing bonds on July 18, 2025. The abbreviation




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S3” and “242829.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.0 billion with the trading to be ended on March 20, 2026.

On July 21, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Fourth Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB5.0 billion at an
issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 1-year fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.64%. The bonds were listed
for trading on July 28, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S4” and “243404.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on July 22, 2026.

On July 24, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Fifth Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB5.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 335-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.72%. The bonds were listed




                                                                                                                              219
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          for trading on July 31, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S5” and “243436.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion with the
          trading to be ended on June 26, 2026.

          On August 28, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Fifth Tranche) (Follow-up Offering) to professional investors. The follow-up offering amount of the bonds
          was RMB1.3 billion at an issue price of RMB100.187 per bond, carrying a 335-day fixed rate with a coupon
          rate of 1.72%. The bonds were listed for trading collectively with existing bonds on September 4, 2025. The
          abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S5” and “243436.SH”, respectively, and the amount of
          the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.3 billion with the trading to be ended on June 26, 2026.

          On August 1, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Sixth Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB5.0 billion at an issue
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 212-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.63%. The bonds were listed
          for trading on August 11, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S6” and “243495.
          SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion with the
          trading to be ended on March 4, 2026.

          On August 5, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Seventh Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB5.0 billion at an
          issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 92-day fixed rate and a 334-day fixed rate. The amount of the
          92-day bonds came to RMB2.5 billion with a coupon rate of 1.56%, while the amount of the 334-day bonds
          came to RMB2.5 billion with a coupon rate of 1.65%. The bonds were listed for trading on August 12, 2025.
          The abbreviation and code of the 92-day bonds were “25 Huatai S7” and “243515.SH”, respectively, and the
          amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB2.5 billion with the trading to be ended on
          November 6, 2025; the abbreviation and code of the 334-day bonds were “25 Huatai S8” and “243516.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB2.5 billion with the
          trading to be ended on July 6, 2026.

          On August 22, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Seventh Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-up Offering) to professional investors. The follow-up offering amount of
          the bonds was RMB5.0 billion at an issue price of RMB100.025 per bond, carrying a 334-day fixed rate with a
          coupon rate of 1.65%. The bonds were listed for trading collectively with existing bonds on September 1, 2025.
          The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S8” and “243516.SH”, respectively, and the amount
          of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion with the trading to be ended on July 6,
          2026.

          On August 15, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Eighth Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB4.7 billion at an issue
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 184-day fixed rate and a 365-day fixed rate. The amount of the 184-
          day bonds came to RMB3.5 billion with a coupon rate of 1.72%, while the amount of the 365-day bonds
          came to RMB1.2 billion with a coupon rate of 1.70%. The bonds were listed for trading on August 25, 2025.
          The abbreviation and code of the 184-day bonds were “25 Huatai S9” and “243538.SH”, respectively, and
          the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB3.5 billion with the trading to be ended
          on February 13, 2026; the abbreviation and code of the 365-day bonds were “25 Hua S10” and “243539.
          SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.2 billion with the
          trading to be ended on August 18, 2026.

          On December 19, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
          Securities (Ninth Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB5.0 billion
          at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 1-year fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.71%. The bonds were
          listed for trading on December 29, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai S11” and
          “244380.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion
          with the trading to be ended on December 22, 2026.

          2. Corporate bonds




220
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
On January 23, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB1.8 billion at an issue price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 424-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.85%. The bonds were listed for
trading on February 11, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai G1” and “242331.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.8 billion with the
trading to be ended on April 3, 2026.

On February 25, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second
Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB4.9 billion at an issue price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 2-year fixed rate and a 3-year fixed rate. The amount of the 2-year bonds


                                                                                                                          About Us
came to RMB3.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.05%, while the amount of the 3-year bonds came to RMB1.9
billion with a coupon rate of 2.05%. The bonds were listed for trading on March 5, 2025. The abbreviation and
code of the 2-year bonds were “25 Huatai G3” and “242497.SH “, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading was RMB3.0 billion with the trading to be ended on February 26, 2027; the
abbreviation and code of the 3-year bonds were “25 Huatai G4” and “242498.SH “, respectively, and the
amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.9 billion with the trading to be ended on
February 25, 2028.

On August 26, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Tranche) (Type I) (Follow-up Offering) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was
RMB5.0 billion at an issuance price of RMB101.375 per bond, carrying a 2-year fixed rate with a coupon
rate of 2.05%. The bonds were listed for trading collectively with existing bonds on September 2, 2025. The


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai G3” and “242497.SH”, respectively, and the amount of
the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion, with the trading to end on February 26, 2027.

On March 4, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Third
Tranche) to professional investors. The total issuance amount of the bonds was RMB4.7 billion at an issuance
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 457-day fixed rate and a 914-day fixed rate. The amount of the 457-
day fixed interest rate bonds was RMB2.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.05%, while the amount of the 914-day
fixed interest rate bonds was RMB2.7 billion with a coupon rate of 2.05%. The bonds were listed for trading




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
on March 12, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the 457-day bonds were “25 Huatai G5” and “242532.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB2.0 billion, with the
trading to end on June 5, 2026. The abbreviation and code of the 914-day bonds were “25 Huatai G6” and
“242533.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB2.7 billion,
with the trading to end on September 3, 2027.

On September 12, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Third
Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-up Offering) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was
RMB6.0 billion at an issuance price of RMB101.399 per bond, carrying a 914-day fixed rate with a coupon
rate of 2.05%. The bonds were listed for trading collectively with existing bonds on September 22, 2025. The
abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai G6” and “242533.SH”, respectively, and the amount of




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB6.0 billion, with the trading to end on September 3, 2027.

On March 13, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fourth
Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB5.0 billion at an issuance



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 396-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.03%. The bonds were listed
for trading on March 20, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai G7” and “242601.
SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion, with the
trading to end on April 16, 2026.

On March 20, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fifth
Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB3.6 billion at an issuance
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 518-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.02%. The bonds were listed
for trading on March 27, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai G8” and “242602.
SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB3.6 billion, with the
trading to end on August 21, 2026.




                                                                                                                 221
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          On September 16, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Sixth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB4.0 billion at an issuance
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 2-year fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.91%. The bonds were listed for
          trading on September 23, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai G9” and “243811.
          SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB4.0 billion, with the
          trading to end on September 17, 2027.

          On September 22, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Sixth
          Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-up Offering) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was
          RMB5.1 billion at an issuance price of RMB103.984 per bond, carrying a 5-year fixed rate with a coupon rate
          of 3.07%. The bonds were listed for trading collectively with existing bonds on September 29, 2025. The
          abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai G9” and “115347.SH”, respectively, and the amount of
          the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB5.1 billion, with the trading to end on May 9, 2028.

          On October 9, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Seventh
          Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB7.3 billion at an issuance
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 3-year fixed rate and a 58-month fixed rate. The amount of the 3-year
          bonds was RMB6.3 billion with a coupon rate of 2.06%, while the amount of the 58-month bonds was RMB1.0
          billion with a coupon rate of 2.20%. The bonds were listed for trading on October 16, 2025. The abbreviation
          and code of the 3-year bonds were “25 Huatai 11” and “243927.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
          bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB6.3 billion, with the trading to end on October 12, 2028. The
          abbreviation and code of the 58-month bonds were “25 Huatai 12” and “243928.SH”, respectively, and the
          amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.0 billion, with the trading to end on August
          12, 2030.

          On October 14, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Eighth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB4.0 billion at an issuance
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 37-month fixed rate and a 59-month fixed rate. The amount of the
          37-month bonds was RMB2.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.02%, while the amount of the 59-month bonds
          was RMB2.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.20%. The bonds were listed for trading on October 21, 2025. The
          abbreviation and code of the 37-month bonds were “25 Huatai 13” and “243945.SH”, respectively, and
          the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB2.0 billion, with the trading to end on
          November 15, 2028. The abbreviation and code of the 59-month bonds were “25 Huatai 14” and “243946.
          SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB2.0 billion, with the
          trading to end on September 13, 2030.

          On November 5, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Ninth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB4.9 billion at an issuance
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 37-month fixed rate and a 59-month fixed rate. The amount of the
          37-month bonds was RMB3.2 billion with a coupon rate of 1.85%, while the amount of the 59-month bonds
          was RMB1.7 billion with a coupon rate of 2.00%. The bonds were listed for trading on November 12, 2025.
          The abbreviation and code of the 37-month bonds were “25 Huatai 15” and “244086.SH”, respectively, and
          the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB3.2 billion, with the trading to end on
          December 6, 2028. The abbreviation and code of the 59-month bonds were “25 Huatai 16” and “244087.
          SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.7 billion, with the
          trading to end on September 30, 2030.

          On November 20, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Tenth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB3.7 billion at an issuance
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 3-year fixed rate and a 5-year fixed rate. The amount of the 3-year
          bonds was RMB2.83 billion with a coupon rate of 1.88%, while the amount of the 5-year bonds was RMB870
          million with a coupon rate of 1.99%. The bonds were listed for trading on November 27, 2025. The abbreviation
          and code of the 3-year bonds were “25 Huatai 17” and “244229.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
          bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB2.83 billion, with the trading to end on November 23, 2028.
          The abbreviation and code of the 5-year bonds were “25 Huatai 18” and “244230.SH”, respectively, and
          the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB870 million, with the trading to end on




222
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
November 22, 2030.

3. Subordinated Bonds

On May 9, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Science and Technology Innovation Subordinated
Bonds of Huatai Securities (First Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was
RMB700 million at an issuance price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 3-year fixed interest rate with a coupon
rate of 1.71%. The bonds were listed for trading on May 19, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were
“Huatai KC01” and “242910.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading
was RMB700 million, with the trading to end on May 12, 2028.


                                                                                                                          About Us
On August 13, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB1.2 billion at an issuance price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 5-year fixed interest rate with a coupon rate of 2.13%. The bonds were listed
for trading on August 21, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai C1” and “243565.
SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.2 billion, with the
trading to end on August 14, 2030.

On September 8, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Second Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB2.0 billion at an


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
issuance price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 5-year fixed interest rate with a coupon rate of 2.19%. The
bonds were listed on September 16, 2025, with the abbreviation “25 Huatai C2” and the bond code “243745.



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
SH”. The amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB2.0 billion, with the trading to end on
September 9, 2030.

On September 18, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities (Third
Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB1.0 billion at an issuance price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 5-year fixed interest rate with a coupon rate of 2.24%. The bonds were listed
on the stock exchange on September 25, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “25 Huatai C3”
and “243854.SH”, respectively. The amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.0 billion,
with the trading to end on September 20, 2030.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
On October 10, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fourth
Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB5.0 billion at an issuance
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 3-year fixed interest rate and a 5-year fixed interest rate. The amount
of the 3-year fixed-rate bonds was RMB4.1 billion with a coupon rate of 2.26%, while the amount of the
5-year fixed-rate bonds was RMB900 million with a coupon rate of 2.38%. The bonds were listed for trading
on October 20, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the 3-year bonds were “25 Huatai C4” and “243938.
SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB4.1 billion, with the
trading to end on October 13, 2028. The abbreviation and code of the 5-year bonds were “25 Huatai C5”
and “243939.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB900
million, with the trading to end on October 11, 2030.



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
On November 7, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fifth
Tranche) to professional investors. The issuance amount of the bonds was RMB2.6 billion at an issuance




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 3-year fixed interest rate and a 5-year fixed interest rate. The amount
of the 3-year fixed-rate bonds was RMB1.5 billion with a coupon rate of 2.03%, while the amount of the
5-year fixed-rate bonds was RMB1.1 billion with a coupon rate of 2.20%. The bonds were listed for trading
on November 18, 2025. The abbreviation and code of the 3-year bonds were “25 Huatai C6” and “243981.
SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.5 billion, with the
trading to end on November 10, 2028. The abbreviation and code of the 5-year bonds were “25 Huatai C7”
and “243982.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading was RMB1.1
billion, with the trading to end on November 8, 2030.

4. Perpetual Subordinated Bonds

On May 22, 2025, the Company publicly issued the 2025 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities




                                                                                                                 223
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (First Tranche) to professional investors, with an issuance price of RMB100 per bond and a total issuance
          amount of RMB5.0 billion. The coupon rate for the first five interest-bearing years is 2.12%. The bonds have
          a repricing cycle of every five interest-bearing years. At the end of each repricing cycle, the issuer has the
          right to choose to extend the term of the bonds by one repricing cycle (i.e., extend it by 5 years) or to fully
          redeem the bonds. The bonds were listed on the stock exchange on May 29, 2025. The abbreviation and
          code of the bonds were “25 Huatai Y1” and “243005.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted
          to be listed for trading was RMB5.0 billion.

          5. Non-publicly issued Corporate Bonds

          On September 4, 2025, the Company non-publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
          Tranche) to professional investors, with an issuance size of RMB2.6 billion, an issuance price of RMB100 per
          bond, carrying a 577-day fixed interest rate with a coupon rate of 1.92%. The bonds were listed on September
          11, 2025, with the abbreviation “25 Huatai F1” and the bond code “259914.SH”, with the trading to end on April 7,
          2027.

          On September 10, 2025, the Company non-publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Second Tranche) to professional investors, with an issuance size of RMB4.0 billion and an issuance price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying a 242-day fixed interest rate and a 577-day fixed interest rate. The amount of the
          242-day bonds was RMB3.0 billion with a coupon rate of 1.76%, while the amount of the 577-day bonds was
          RMB1.0 billion with a coupon rate of 1.95%. The bonds were listed on September 17, 2025. The abbreviation
          and code of the 242-day bonds were “25 Huatai D1” and “280045.SH”, with the trading to end on May 11, 2026.
          The abbreviation and code of the 577-day bonds were “25 Huatai F2” and “280046.SH”, respectively, with the
          trading to end on April 9, 2027.

          On September 26, 2025, the Company non-publicly issued the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Third Tranche) to professional investors, with an issuance size of RMB3.4 billion and an issuance price
          of RMB100 per bond. The bonds carry a 243-day fixed interest rate and a 577-day fixed interest rate. The
          amount of the 243-day bonds was RMB2.0 billion with a coupon rate of 1.80%, and the amount of the 577-
          day bonds was RMB1.4 billion with a coupon rate of 1.95%. The bonds were listed on October 14, 2025. The
          abbreviation and code of the 243-day bonds were “25 Huatai D2” and “280287.SH”, respectively, with the
          trading to end on June 8, 2026. The abbreviation and code of the 577-day bonds were “25 Huatai F3” and
          “280292.SH”, respectively, with the trading to end on May 7, 2027.

          6. Science and Technology Innovation Bonds (Interbank)

          On December 18, 2025, the Company issued the 2025 Science and Technology Innovation Bonds of Huatai
          Securities (First Tranche) to members of the national interbank bond market, with an issuance size of RMB1.0
          billion and an issuance price of RMB100 per bond. The bonds carry a 3-year floating rate and a 5-year fixed
          interest rate. The 3-year floating-rate bonds had an issuance size of RMB300 million. The floating rate is
          adjusted every 3 months. The coupon rate consists of a benchmark rate and a fixed spread. The benchmark
          rate is the arithmetic average (rounded to 0.01%) of the 7-day weighted repo rate (DR007) published by the
          China Foreign Exchange Trading Center (National Interbank Funding Center) for the 60 trading days prior
          to the book-building date (exclusive) or the previous interest payment date (exclusive). The fixed spread
          is 0.29%, and the initial coupon rate is 1.76%. The 5-year fixed-rate bonds had an issuance size of RMB700
          million and a coupon rate of 1.85%. The bonds were listed on December 23, 2025. The 3-year floating-rate
          bond, abbreviated as “25 Huatai Securities STI 01A” with the bond code “342580006”, was approved for
          trading with a total amount of RMB300 million and a trading termination date of December 21, 2028. The
          5-year fixed-rate bond, abbreviated as “25 Huatai Securities STI 01B” with the bond code “342580007”, was
          approved for trading with a total amount of RMB700 million and a trading termination date of December 20,
          2030.

          7. Overseas Bonds

          During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement working capital and repay debt financing instruments,
          Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, issued medium-term notes with a total value of




224
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
US$500 million, HK$2.0 billion and RMB1.7 billion. The medium-term notes are secured by the unconditional
and irrevocable guarantees provided by the Company.

During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement working capital and repay debt financing instruments,
Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, issued medium-term notes with a
total value of approximately US$2.511 billion. The medium-term notes are secured by the unconditional and
irrevocable guarantees provided by Huatai International.

8. Structured notes

The Company cumulatively issued 1,179 structured notes, with a total amount of RMB64.929 billion in 2025.

                                                                                                                        About Us
As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 367 structured notes in duration period, with an amount of
RMB37.819 billion.

(II) Changes in total number of the shares and shareholding structure of the
Company and changes in structure of assets and liabilities of the Company

Please refer to “Changes in Share Capital” in this section for the details of changes in total number of the
shares and shareholding structure of the Company.



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Please refer to “Analysis of assets and liabilities” under “Major Operations during the Reporting Period”
in “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” of this report for the details of changes in
structure of assets and liabilities of the Company.

(III) No Existing Shares Held by Employees During the Reporting Period                                                and Strategies




III. INFORMATION OF SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS
(I) Total Number of Shareholders




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting
                                                                                                    179,748
Period

Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month prior to
                                                                                                    193,546
the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed

Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose rights have been restored
                                                                                                          –
as of the end of the Reporting Period

Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose voting rights have been



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
restored as of the end of last month prior to the date on which the annual report                         –
shall be disclosed




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Among the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period,
shareholders of A Shares came to 173,858 and registered shareholders of H Shares came to 5,890. Among
the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month (February 28, 2026) prior
to the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed, shareholders of A Shares came to 187,744 and
registered shareholders of H Shares came to 5,802.




                                                                                                               225
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Shareholding of Top Ten Shareholders and Top Ten Holders of Tradable Shares
          (or Holders of Shares not Subject to Selling Restrictions) as of the End of the
          Reporting Period

                                                                                                                    Unit: Shares
                      Shareholding of top ten shareholders (excluding lent shares by way of refinancing)
                                   Increase/                             Number of     Pledged, marked or
                                                 Number of
                                   decrease                            shares held        frozen shares
          Name of shareholder                shares held as Percentage                                              Nature of
                                  during the                                subject
          (in full name)                       at the end of       (%)                                            shareholder
                                  Reporting                               to selling   Statusof   Number of
                                                  the period
                                      Period                            restrictions     shares      shares
          Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Investment Group                –    1,373,481,636      15.22           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Limited

          HKSCC Nominees                                                                                        Foreign legal
                                  37,971,100 1,304,400,948        14.45           –         Nil             –
          Limited                                                                                                     person

          Jiangsu
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Communications                  –    489,065,418         5.42           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Holding Co., Ltd.

          Govtor Capital                                                                                        State-owned
                                          –    356,233,206         3.95           –         Nil             –
          Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                        legal person

          Hong Kong
                                                                                                                Foreign legal
          Securities Clearing   -248,946,639    291,057,154        3.22           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                      person
          Company Limited

          Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Holdings Group Co.,    -39,741,200   238,132,588         2.64           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Ltd.

          China Construction
          Bank Corporation
          – Guotai CSI All
          Share Securities
                                  86,181,244    160,717,403         1.78          –         Nil             –      Unknown
          Company Trading
          Index Securities
          Investment Open-
          ended Fund

          China Securities
          Finance                         –    152,906,738         1.69           –         Nil             –      Unknown
          Corporation Limited

          Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                                State-owned
          International Group             –     135,838,367        1.50           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Corp.

          China Construction
          Bank Corporation
          – Huabao CSI All
          Share Securities
                                  49,183,368     111,437,933        1.23          –         Nil             –      Unknown
          Company Trading
          Index Securities
          Investment Open-
          ended Fund




226
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 Shareholding of top ten holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions (excluding lent shares by way
                                              of refinancing)
                                                  Number of               Class and number of shares
                                           tradable shares
Name of shareholder (in full name)
                                              not subject to
                                                              Class                                      Number
                                         selling restrictions

Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group                                 Ordinary shares in RMB               1,271,072,836
                                                1,373,481,636
Limited                                                         Overseas listed foreign shares       102,408,800

HKSCC Nominees Limited                         1,304,400,948 Overseas listed foreign shares        1,304,400,948


                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                Ordinary shares in RMB               452,065,418
Jiangsu Communications Holding Co.,
                                                 489,065,418
Ltd.                                                            Overseas listed foreign shares        37,000,000

                                                                Ordinary shares in RMB              342,028,006
Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                  356,233,206
                                                                Overseas listed foreign shares          14,205,200

Hong Kong Securities Clearing
                                                  291,057,154 Ordinary shares in RMB                  291,057,154
Company Limited



                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                Ordinary shares in RMB                  74,386,188
Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd.            238,132,588
                                                                Overseas listed foreign shares       163,746,400


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
China Construction Bank Corporation
– Guotai CSI All Share Securities
                                                  160,717,403 Ordinary shares in RMB                  160,717,403
Company Trading Index Securities
Investment Open-ended Fund

China Securities Finance Corporation
                                                 152,906,738 Ordinary shares in RMB                  152,906,738
Limited

Jiangsu SOHO International Group                                Ordinary shares in RMB                  41,132,567




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                 135,838,367
Corp.                                                           Overseas listed foreign shares        94,705,800

China Construction Bank Corporation
– Huabao CSI All Share Securities
                                                  111,437,933 Ordinary shares in RMB                    111,437,933
Company Trading Index Securities
Investment Open-ended Fund

Description of special repurchase
                                        There are no special repurchase accounts for the top ten shareholders.
accounts for the top ten shareholders

Description of the voting rights
entrusted by the above shareholders,
                                        There are no voting rights entrusted by the above shareholders, the
the voting rights the above
                                        voting rights the above shareholders are entrusted with and the voting



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
shareholders are entrusted with
                                        rights the above shareholders abstained from.
and the voting rights the above
shareholders abstained from




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                        Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital and Jiangsu
                                        SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. are wholly owned by Jiangsu SASAC.
Description of the related party        Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. is the controlling shareholder
relationships or acting in concert      of Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. Apart from the above, the
among the above shareholders            Company is not aware of any related party relationship among other
                                        shareholders or whether such shareholders are parties acting in concert
                                        as specified in the Regulations on the Takeover of Listed Companies.

Explanation of shareholders of
preferred shares with restored voting
                                        There are no shareholders of preferred shares of the Company.
rights and the number of shares held
by them




                                                                                                                      227
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Notes:
          1. The class of shareholders of ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares) represents the class of accounts held by them registered with Shanghai Branch
          of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.
          2. Among the holders of overseas listed foreign shares (H Shares) of the Company, shares of non-registered shareholders are held by HKSCC
          Nominees Limited on their behalf. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital, Jiangsu SOHO
          Holdings Group Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. held, via Southbound Trading, 102,408,800, 37,000,000, 14,205,200, 163,746,400
          and 94,705,800 H Shares of the Company, respectively, which are also being held by HKSCC Nominees Limited. These shares are specifically and
          separately listed at the time of disclosure of this report; should such shares be included, the actual number of shares held by HKSCC Nominees
          Limited on their behalf would have been 1,716,467,148, representing approximately 19.02% of the Company’s total shares.
          3. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominal holder of the A Shares of the Company held by the investors in Northbound
          Trading under Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.



          During the Reporting Period, the shareholders holding 5% or more of the shares, top ten shareholders and
          top ten shareholders of tradable shares not subject to selling restrictions did not participate in securities
          lending through the refinancing business, and there were no changes in the top ten shareholders and top
          ten shareholders of tradable shares not subject to selling restrictions of the Company due to shares lent/
          returned by refinancing as compared to the previous period.


          Number of shares held by top ten holders of shares subject to selling restrictions and relevant selling
          restrictions
                                                                                                                                                 Unit: Shares
                                                                             Listing and trading of shares
                                                    Number
                                                                             subject to selling restrictions
                                                   of shares
                  Name of holders of            held subject                                       Number of additional
                  shares subject to                to selling Permitted time for                    shares permitted to
          No.     selling restrictions           restrictions listing and trading                   be listed and traded Selling restrictions

          1       Zhou Yi                              144,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          2       Han Zhencong                         120,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          3       Sun Hanlin                           120,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          4       Jiang Jian                           120,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          5       Zhang Hui                            120,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          6       Chen Tianxiang                       120,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          7       Jiao Xiaoning                        100,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          8       Jiao Kai                             100,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          9       Wang Chong                           100,000         See note for details –                                    See note for details

          10      Sun Yan                                16,000        See note for details –                                    See note for details

          Description of the related party
                                                                   The Company is not aware of any related party relationship or
          relationships or acting in concert
                                                                   acting in concert arrangement.
          among the above shareholders

          Note: The above shares subject to selling restrictions represent the shares granted by the Company to the incentive participants due to the
          implementation of incentive scheme of restricted A Shares. Details of listing and trading of shares subject to selling restrictions and selling
          restrictions are available in the Incentive Scheme of Restricted A Shares disclosed by the Company on the website of the SSE on February 9, 2021.




228
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(III) A Strategic Investor or Common Legal Person Who Became One of the Top Ten
Shareholders as a Result of Subscription for New Shares Allotted to Them

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any strategic investor or common legal person who
became one of the top ten shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them.



IV. CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

(I) Controlling Shareholders

There are no controlling shareholders with more than 50% shareholding of the Company.                                                                                                                                                    About Us


(II) De facto controllers

1. Legal Person

                                                                                  State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Name                                                                              Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government

Person in charge or legal representative of the unit                              Dong Liang


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
2. Framework of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and the de
facto controllers


                                                          Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited




                                                                                                                                State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government
                              15.2155%                                                                                   100%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                              5.4179%                     Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd.                       100%




 Huatai Securities Co.,Ltd.
                              3.9464%                            Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                          100%




                              2.6380%


                              1.5048%     Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.          75.08%     Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                   Holdings Group Co.,




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                                                                                           Ltd.          100%
                              0.0679%    Jiangsu SOHO Zhihui Asset Management Co., Ltd.   100%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                              0.2388%    Jiangsu Coast Development Investment Co., Ltd.   100%       Jiangsu Coast
                                                                                                   Development Group     100%

                              0.0146%                                                                    Co., Ltd.


Note: During the Reporting Period, Jiangsu Suhui Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇蘇匯資產管理有限公司 ) was renamed as Jiangsu SOHO Zhihui
Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省蘇豪智匯資產管理有限公司 ).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                229
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. During the Reporting Period, there was no situation where the de facto controller exercised
          control over the Company through trusts or other asset management arrangements.



          V. DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD, THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES
          WHERE THE CUMULATIVE NUMBER OF SHARES PLEDGED BY THE
          CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OR THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER AND
          PERSONS ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THEM ACCOUNTED FOR MORE
          THAN 80% OF THE COMPANY’S SHARES HELD BY THEM


          VI. OTHER LEGAL-PERSON SHAREHOLDERS WITH MORE THAN 10%
          SHAREHOLDING
                                                                                     Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                          Person in
          Name of      charge or legal
          legal-person representative     Date of                            Registered Main businesses or
          shareholder    of the unit   establishment     Organization code    capital management activities

                                                                                      Investment, management,
                                                                                      operation, transfer of state-
          Jiangsu
                                                                                      owned capital; enterprise
          Guoxin                         February 22,
                            Wu Benhui                   91320000735724800G     500    trusteeship, assets restructuring,
          Investment                        2002
                                                                                      management consultation, house
          Group Limited
                                                                                      leasing and other businesses
                                                                                      upon approval.

                          Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are owned by the non-registered holders of H
          Remarks
                          Shares.




          VII. THERE WERE NO RESTRICTIONS ON SHAREHOLDING REDUCTION
          DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD




230
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
VIII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE IN THE
REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

Name of share repurchase
                                Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares
plan

Disclosure date of share
                                April 30, 2025
repurchase plan

                                                                                                                           About Us
Number of shares to
                                The total number of the restricted shares to be repurchased and cancelled
be repurchased and
                                is 438,495 shares, representing approximately 0.005% of the total share
percentage to the total share
                                capital of the Company as at April 30, 2025
capital (%)

Amount of proposed
                                3,003,690.75
repurchase

Period of proposed
                                September 11, 2025
repurchase

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Purpose of repurchase           Cancellation



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Number of shares
                                438,495
repurchased (shares)

Number of shares
repurchased as a
percentage of the underlying    0.96
shares under the stock
incentive plan (%) (if any)




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Progress of the Company
to reduce shareholding of
                                N/A
shares repurchased through
centralized price bidding




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                  231
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IX. SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
          AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
          As of December 31, 2025, as far as the Company and the Directors are aware after having made all
          reasonable enquiries, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company)
          held interests or short positions in shares or underlying shares which shall be disclosed to the Company
          under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and were recorded in the register required to
          be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:
                                                                                                                             Percentage of
                                                                                                       Percentage of     the total issued A   Long position/
                 Name of                                                                              the total issued    Shares/H Shares     short position/
                 substantial                                                    Number of shares         shares of the    of the Company shares available for
           No.   shareholders        Class of shares   Nature of interests         held (share)         Company (%)                     (%)          lending


                                     A Shares          Beneficial owner               1,271,072,836             14.08               17.39       Long position
                 Jiangsu Guoxin
           1     Investment          H Shares
                 Group Limited       (Southbound       Beneficial owner               102,408,800                 1.13              5.96        Long position
                                     Trading)

                                   A Shares            Beneficial owner               452,065,418                 5.01               6.19       Long position
                 Jiangsu
           2     Communications H Shares
                 Holding Co., Ltd. (Southbound         Beneficial owner                37,000,000                 0.41               2.15       Long position
                                   Trading)

                                                       Beneficial owner                 74,386,188               0.82                1.02       Long position

                                     A Shares          Interests of
                                                       controlled                       41,132,567               0.46               0.56        Long position
                 Jiangsu SOHO                          corporations
           3     Holdings Group
                 Co., Ltd.                             Beneficial owner               163,746,400                 1.81              9.53        Long position
                                     H Shares
                                     (Southbound       Interests of
                                     Trading)          controlled                     100,835,800                 1.12              5.87        Long position
                                                       corporations

                 E Fund
           4     Management          H Shares          Investment manager             168,350,476                 1.86              9.79        Long position
                 Co., Ltd.

          Notes:
          1. Under Section 336 of the SFO, forms disclosing interests shall be submitted by shareholders of the Company upon satisfaction of certain
          conditions. Changes of shareholders’ shareholdings in the Company are not required to inform the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange unless certain conditions are satisfied. Therefore, there could be differences between substantial shareholders’ latest shareholdings in
          the Company and the shareholding information reported to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. directly held a long position in 74,386,188 A Shares and 163,746,400 H Shares of the Company, and,
          through its controlled corporation (namely Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. ( 江 蘇 蘇 豪 國 際 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司 )), indirectly held a long
          position in 41,132,567 A Shares and 94,705,800 H Shares of the Company; through its controlled corporation (namely Jiangsu Suhao Zhihui Asset
          Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇蘇豪智匯資產管理有限公司 )), indirectly held a long position in 6,130,000 H Shares of the Company.
          2. A shareholder has a “long position” if such shareholder has interests in shares, including interests through holding, writing or issuing financial
          instruments (including derivatives), under which such shareholder (1) has a right to purchase the underlying shares; (2) is under an obligation to
          purchase the underlying shares; (3) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying shares increases; or (4) has a right to avoid or
          reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares increases.
          3. A shareholder has a “short position” if such shareholder borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending agreement, or holds, writes
          or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder (1) has a right to require another person to purchase the
          underlying shares; (2) is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (3) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying
          shares declines; or (4) has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares declines.


          Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors and chief
          executives of the Company) having any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the
          Company as at December 31, 2025, which shall be recorded in the register pursuant to Section 336 of the
          SFO.




232
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
X. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR DEBENTURES OF
THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of the end of the Reporting Period, details on the shares held by the Director(s) of the Company due to
the Company’s implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares are as follows:

                                                                                  Percentage of
                                                               Percentage of     the total issued   Long position/

                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                 Number of    the total issued        A Shares/H    short position/
               Class of                         shares held      shares of the      Shares of the shares available
No. Name       shares     Nature of interests       (share)     Company (%)        Company (%)         for lending


1    Zhou Yi   A Shares   Beneficial owner         720,000              0.008              0.010     Long position


Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2025, the Company was not aware of any other Directors or
chief executives of the Company having any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying shares


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations, which shall be notified to the Company
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests
or short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which would


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register of interests, or which shall,
pursuant to the Model Code, be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



XI. REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Save as the repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares stated in “Specific
Implementation of Share Repurchase in the Reporting Period” in this section of this report and “Share
Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other Employee Incentives Measures and Their
Implication” under “Corporate Governance, Environment and Society” in this report, the Company and
its subsidiaries have not repurchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company during the
Reporting Period (including sales of treasury shares (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules)).

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.



XII. ARRANGEMENT FOR DIRECTORS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR

                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
DEBENTURES



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Save for the incentive plan stated in “Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other
Employee Incentives Measures and Their Implication” under “Corporate Governance, Environment and
Society” in this report, at no time during the Reporting Period has the Company, its holding companies
or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, entered into any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the purchase of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other
corporate bodies.



XIII. THE COMPANY HAD NO PREFERRED SHARES




                                                                                                                      233
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          BONDS




          I. CORPORATE BONDS (INCLUDING ENTERPRISE BONDS) AND NON-
          FINANCIAL CORPORATE DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS

          (I) During the Reporting Period, the Company had no enterprise bonds

          (II) Corporate Bonds

          1. Basic information on corporate bonds

          Information on corporate bonds of the Company in duration as at the date on which the annual report was
          approved to publish is as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                  Arrangements
                                                                                                                Principal and                                     for investors’
                                                                                 Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead           Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond       Abbreviation    Code     Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter    manager      (if any)           mechanism

                                                                                                                Interest to be paid
          2021 Corporate
                                                                                                                annually and one-     Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                            Matching,
                                                                                                                off payment of        United
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                            one-click-
                                                                                                                principal upon        Securities,    Shenwan
          Ltd. Publicly                     188106.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
                             21 Huatai G4             2021-05-13   2021-05-17   2026-05-17         60      3.71 expiration with the   Shenwan        Hongyuan
          Issued to                             SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                last instalment of    Hongyuan       Securities
          Professional                                                                                                                                                               bidding and
                                                                                                                interest to be paid   Securities,
          Investors (Third                                                                                                                                                           negotiating
                                                                                                                together with the     CICC
          Tranche)
                                                                                                                principal payment

          2021 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                                     Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                       off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                                     one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                         principal upon        Securities,    Shenwan
                                            188140.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
          Issued to         21 Huatai G6              2021-05-20   2021-05-24 2026-05-24           20      3.63 expiration with the   Shenwan        Hongyuan
                                                SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                          last instalment of    Hongyuan       Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                     bidding and
          Investors (Fourth                                                                                     interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                        together with the     CICC
          II)                                                                                                   principal payment




234
                                                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                          Arrangements
                                                                                                         Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                          Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond        Abbreviation    Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

2021 Corporate
                                                                                                         Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                         annually and one-     Huatai
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                         off payment of        United
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                                                                one-click-
                                                                                                         principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
Issued to                          188325.                                                                                                                For professional   order, price-
                    21 Huatai 12             2021-09-03    2021-09-07    2031-09-07         27      3.78 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
Professional                           SH                                                                                                                 investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                         last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
Investors                                                                                                                                                                    bidding and
                                                                                                         interest to be paid   Securities,
(Seventh                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
                                                                                                         together with the     CICC
Tranche) (Type
                                                                                                         principal payment

                                                                                                                                                                                                      About Us
II)

2021 Perpetual
Subordinated                                                                                             Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          annually under the
                                                                                                                               Huatai                                        one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                          condition that the
                                   188785.                                                                                     United                     For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly       21 Huatai Y1             2021-09-15    2021-09-17           N/A         30      3.85 issuer does not                     CICC
                                       SH                                                                                      Securities,                investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                                exercise the right
                                                                                                                               CICC                                          bidding and
Professional                                                                                             to defer interest
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                         payments
Tranche)

2021 Corporate                                                                                           Interest to be paid



                                                                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                          off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                            principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
                                   188875.                                                                                                                For professional   order, price-



                                                                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Issued to           21 Huatai 14              2021-10-14    2021-10-18    2031-10-18        34      3.99 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
                                       SH                                                                                                                 investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                             last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Investors (Eighth                                                                                        interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                           together with the     CICC
II)                                                                                                      principal payment

2021 Corporate                                                                                           Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                          off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                            principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
                                   188927.                                                                                                                For professional   order, price-
Issued to           21 Huatai 16              2021-10-21   2021-10-25    2031-10-25          11     3.94 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
                                       SH                                                                                                                 investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                             last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Investors (Ninth                                                                                         interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                           together with the     CICC
II)                                                                                                      principal payment

2021 Perpetual
Subordinated
                                                                                                         Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                         annually under the
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                Huatai                                        one-click-
                                                                                                         condition that the
Ltd. Publicly                      188942.                                                                                     United                     For professional   order, price-
                    21 Huatai Y2             2021-10-26    2021-10-28           N/A         50      4.00 issuer does not                     CICC
Issued to                              SH                                                                                      Securities,                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                         exercise the right
Professional                                                                                                                   CICC                                          bidding and
                                                                                                         to defer interest
Investors                                                                                                                                                                    negotiating
                                                                                                         payments
(Second
Tranche)

2021 Perpetual




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
Subordinated                                                                                             Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          annually under the
                                                                                                                               Huatai                                        one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                          condition that the
                                   185019.                                                                                     United                     For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly       21 Huatai Y3              2021-11-16    2021-11-18          N/A         20      3.80 issuer does not                     CICC
                                       SH                                                                                      Securities,                investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                                exercise the right




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                               CICC                                          bidding and
Professional                                                                                             to defer interest
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Investors (Third                                                                                         payments
Tranche)

2022 Perpetual
Subordinated                                                                                             Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          annually under the
                                                                                                                               Huatai                                        one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                          condition that the
                                   185337.                                                                                     United                     For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly       22 Huatai Y1             2022-01-24    2022-01-26           N/A         27      3.49 issuer does not                     CICC
                                       SH                                                                                      Securities,                investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                                exercise the right
                                                                                                                               CICC                                          bidding and
Professional                                                                                             to defer interest
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                         payments
Tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                                             235
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                    Arrangements
                                                                                                                    Principal and                                   for investors’
                                                                                     Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted   appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond        Abbreviation     Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager     (if any)           mechanism

          2022 Perpetual
          Subordinated
                                                                                                                    Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                                    annually under the
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                                 Huatai                                       one-click-
                                                                                                                    condition that the
          Ltd. Publicly                       185388.                                                                                     United                    For professional   order, price-
                              22 Huatai Y2            2022-07-07      2022-07-11           N/A         30      3.59 issuer does not                     CICC
          Issued to                               SH                                                                                      Securities,               investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                    exercise the right
          Professional                                                                                                                    CICC                                         bidding and
                                                                                                                    to defer interest
          Investors                                                                                                                                                                    negotiating
                                                                                                                    payments
          (Second
          Tranche)

          2022 Perpetual
          Subordinated                                                                                              Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                                                                       Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           annually under the
                                                                                                                                          Huatai                                       one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                           condition that the
                                              137604.                                                                                     United                    For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly       22 Huatai Y3              2022-10-19    2022-10-21           N/A         35      3.20 issuer does not                     CICC
                                                  SH                                                                                      Securities,               investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                                 exercise the right
                                                                                                                                          CICC                                         bidding and
          Professional                                                                                              to defer interest
                                                                                                                                                                                       negotiating
          Investors (Third                                                                                          payments
          Tranche)

                                                                                                                                          Huatai
          2022 Corporate                                                                                            Interest to be paid   United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           annually and one-     Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                       Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                           off payment of        CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                                       one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                             principal upon        Shenwan
                                              138598.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
          Issued to        22 Huatai G7                  2022-11-17    2022-11-21    2027-11-21        14      3.18 expiration with the   Hongyuan      CICC
                                                  SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                              last instalment of    Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                       bidding and
          Investors (Sixth                                                                                          interest to be paid   Industrial
                                                                                                                                                                                       negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                            together with the     Securities,
          II)                                                                                                       principal payment     Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                                          Securities

                                                                                                                                          Huatai
          2022 Corporate                                                                                            Interest to be paid   United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           annually and one-     Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                       Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                           off payment of        CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                                       one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                             principal upon        Shenwan
                                              138710.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
          Issued to            22 Huatai 11             2022-12-08    2022-12-12    2027-12-12          5      3.49 expiration with the   Hongyuan      CICC
                                                  SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                              last instalment of    Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                       bidding and
          Investors (Eighth                                                                                         interest to be paid   Industrial
                                                                                                                                                                                       negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                            together with the     Securities,
          II)                                                                                                       principal payment     Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                                          Securities

                                                                                                                                          Huatai
          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                    Interest to be paid   United
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                    annually and one-     Securities,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                                    off payment of        CICC,
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                                                                one-click-
                                                                                                                    principal upon        Shenwan
          Issued to             23 Huatai     138845.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
                                                        2023-01-12    2023-01-16    2028-01-16         20      3.48 expiration with the   Hongyuan      CICC
          Professional                G3          SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                    last instalment of    Securities,
          Investors                                                                                                                                                                    bidding and
                                                                                                                    interest to be paid   Industrial
          (Second                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
                                                                                                                    together with the     Securities,
          Tranche) (Type
                                                                                                                    principal payment     Kaiyuan
          II)
                                                                                                                                          Securities

                                                                                                                    Interest to be paid   Huatai
          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                    annually and one-     United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                                    off payment of        Securities,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                              one-click-
                                                                                                                    principal upon        CICC,
          Ltd. Publicly         23 Huatai     138886.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
                                                      2023-02-09      2023-02-13    2028-02-13         40      3.39 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
          Issued to                   G5          SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                    last instalment of    Hongyuan
          Professional                                                                                                                                                                 bidding and
                                                                                                                    interest to be paid   Securities,
          Investors (Fourth                                                                                                                                                            negotiating
                                                                                                                    together with the     Industrial
          Tranche)
                                                                                                                    principal payment     Securities

          2023 Corporate                                                                                            Interest to be paid   Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                                       Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                           off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                       one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                             principal upon        CICC,
                                23 Huatai     138916.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
          Issued to                                   2023-02-23 2023-02-27 2028-02-27                 22      3.36 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                      G7          SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                              last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                       bidding and
          Investors (Fifth                                                                                          interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                       negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                            together with the     Industrial
          II)                                                                                                       principal payment     Securities




236
                                                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                          Arrangements
                                                                                                          Principal and                                   for investors’
                                                                           Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted   appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond        Abbreviation      Code      Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager     (if any)           mechanism

                                                                                                          Interest to be paid   Huatai
                                                                                                          annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
                                                                                                          off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
                                                                                                          principal upon        CICC,
                                                                                                                                                          For professional   order, price-
                                               2023-05-08    2023-05-10   2028-05-10          7      3.07 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                                                                                                                                          investors          enquiry,
2023 Corporate                                                                                            last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Securities Co.,                                                                                           together with the     Industrial
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                             principal payment     Securities
                      23 Huatai      115347.

                                                                                                                                                                                                      About Us
Issued to
                            G9           SH
Professional                                                                                              Interest to be paid
Investors (Sixth                                                                                          annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Tranche) (Type                                                                                            off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
II)                                                                                                       principal upon        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                          For professional   order, price-
                                               2025-09-22    2023-05-10   2028-05-10         51      3.07 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                                                                                                                                          investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                          last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
                                                                                                          interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
                                                                                                          together with the     GF Securities
                                                                                                          principal payment

2023 Corporate                                                                                            Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           annually and one-     United



                                                                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                           off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                             principal upon        CICC,
                                     115367.                                                                                                              For professional   order, price-
Issued to           23 Huatai 10             2023-08-22 2023-08-24 2026-08-24                20      2.64 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                         SH                                                                                                               investors          enquiry,



                                                                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Professional                                                                                              last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Investors                                                                                                 interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
(Seventh                                                                                                  together with the     Industrial
Tranche)                                                                                                  principal payment     Securities

2023 Perpetual                                                                                                                  Huatai
Subordinated                                                                                              Interest to be paid   United
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           annually under the    Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                           condition that the    CICC,
                                                                                                                                                          For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly       23 Huatai Y1 115931.SH 2023-09-06 2023-09-08                 N/A         25      3.46 issuer does not       Shenwan       CICC
                                                                                                                                                          investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                                 exercise the right    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Professional                                                                                              to defer interest     Securities,




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                          payments              CDB
Tranche)                                                                                                                        Securities

2023 Corporate                                                                                            Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                           off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                             principal upon        CICC,
                                     115368.                                                                                                              For professional   order, price-
Issued to            23 Huatai 11              2023-09-19    2023-09-21   2026-09-21         25      2.89 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                         SH                                                                                                               investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                              last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Investors (Eighth                                                                                         interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                            together with the     Industrial
I)                                                                                                        principal payment     Securities

2023 Corporate                                                                                            Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                           annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                           off payment of        Securities,




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                             principal upon        CICC,
                                    240069.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
Issued to           23 Huatai 14                2023-10-12   2023-10-16   2033-10-16         16      3.35 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                        SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                              last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Investors (Ninth                                                                                          interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                            together with the     Industrial




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
II)                                                                                                       principal payment     Securities

2023 Perpetual
Subordinated
                                                                                                          Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                          annually under the    United
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                              one-click-
                                                                                                          condition that the    Securities,
Ltd. Publicly                       240109.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
                    23 Huatai Y2                2023-10-18   2023-10-20          N/A         40      3.58 issuer does not       CICC,         CICC
Issued to                               SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                          exercise the right    Shenwan
Professional                                                                                                                                                                 bidding and
                                                                                                          to defer interest     Hongyuan
Investors                                                                                                                                                                    negotiating
                                                                                                          payments              Securities
(Second
Tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                                             237
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                Arrangements
                                                                                                               Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                                Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond       Abbreviation    Code     Issue date   Value date        date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

          2023 Corporate                                                                                       Interest to be paid   Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                                   Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                      off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                   one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                        principal upon        CICC,
                                            240158.                                                                                                             For professional   order, price-
          Issued to          23 Huatai 15             2023-11-02   2023-11-06 2026-08-06          10      2.83 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                                SH                                                                                                              investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                         last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                   bidding and
          Investors (Tenth                                                                                     interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                       together with the     Industrial
          I)                                                                                                   principal payment     Securities

          2023 Corporate                                                                                       Interest to be paid   Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                                   Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                      off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                   one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                        principal upon        CICC,
                                            240159.                                                                                                             For professional   order, price-
          Issued to          23 Huatai 16             2023-11-02   2023-11-06   2033-11-06        25      3.30 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                                SH                                                                                                              investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                         last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                   bidding and
          Investors (Tenth                                                                                     interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                       together with the     Industrial
          II)                                                                                                  principal payment     Securities

          2023 Corporate                                                                                       Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually and one-     Huatai
          Securities                                                                                           off payment of        United                                        One-click-
          Co., Ltd. Non-                                                                                       principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan                         order, price-
                                            253163.                                                                                                             For professional
          publicly Issued    23 Huatai F2             2023-11-23   2023-11-27   2026-11-27        28      3.07 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan                        enquiry,
                                                SH                                                                                                              investors
          to Professional                                                                                      last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities                      bidding and
          Investors (First                                                                                     interest to be paid   Securities,                                   negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                       together with the     CICC
          II)                                                                                                  principal payment

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                               Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                               annually and one-     Huatai
          Securities
                                                                                                               off payment of        United                                        One-click-
          Co., Ltd. Non-
                                                                                                               principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan                         order, price-
          publicly Issued                   253350.                                                                                                             For professional
                             23 Huatai F4             2023-12-13   2023-12-15   2026-12-15        36      3.08 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan                        enquiry,
          to Professional                       SH                                                                                                              investors
                                                                                                               last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities                      bidding and
          Investors
                                                                                                               interest to be paid   Securities,                                   negotiating
          (Second
                                                                                                               together with the     CICC
          Tranche) (Type
                                                                                                               principal payment
          II)

          2024 Perpetual
          Subordinated                                                                                         Interest to be paid   Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                                   Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually under the    United
                                                                                                                                                                                   one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                      condition that the    Securities,
                                            242041.                                                                                                             For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly      24 Huatai Y1             2024-11-22   2024-11-26         N/A         26      2.39 issuer does not       CICC,         CICC
                                                SH                                                                                                              investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                            exercise the right    Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                                                   bidding and
          Professional                                                                                         to defer interest     Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
          Investors (First                                                                                     payments              Securities
          Tranche)

                                                                                                                                     Huatai
          2025 Corporate                                                                                       Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                     United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually and one-
                                                                                                                                     Securities,                                   Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                      off payment of
                                                                                                                                     CICC,                                         one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                        principal upon
                                            242331.                                                                                  Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
          Issued to          25 Huatai G1             2025-01-23 2025-02-05 2026-04-05            18      1.85 expiration with the                 CICC
                                                SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                         last instalment of
                                                                                                                                     Securities,                                   bidding and
          Investors (First                                                                                     interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                     China                                         negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                       together with the
                                                                                                                                     Merchants
          I)                                                                                                   principal payment
                                                                                                                                     Securities




238
                                                                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                        Arrangements
                                                                                                        Principal and                                   for investors’
                                                                         Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted   appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond        Abbreviation    Code      Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager     (if any)           mechanism

                                                                                                                              Huatai
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                        annually and one-
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                        off payment of
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                        one-click-
                                                                                                        principal upon
                                                                                                                              Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
                                             2025-02-25 2025-02-27 2027-02-27              30      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
2025 Corporate                                                                                                                Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               Securities,                                  bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid
Securities Co.,                                                                                                               China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                        together with the
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                 Merchants
                                                                                                        principal payment

                                                                                                                                                                                                    About Us
Issued to            25 Huatai     242497.                                                                                    Securities
Professional               G3          SH
Investors                                                                                               Interest to be paid
(Second                                                                                                 annually and one-
                                                                                                                                                                           Matching,
Tranche) (Type                                                                                          off payment of        Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                           one-click-
I)                                                                                                      principal upon        United
                                                                                                                                                        For professional   order, price-
                                             2025-08-26 2025-02-27 2027-02-27              50      2.05 expiration with the   Securities,   CICC
                                                                                                                                                        investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of    CICC, GF
                                                                                                                                                                           bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid   Securities
                                                                                                                                                                           negotiating
                                                                                                        together with the
                                                                                                        principal payment

2025 Corporate                                                                                                                Huatai



                                                                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               United
                                                                                                        annually and one-
Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                        off payment of
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                 CICC,                                        one-click-
                                                                                                        principal upon



                                                                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
Issued to            25 Huatai     242498.                                                                                    Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
                                           2025-02-25 2025-02-27 2028-02-27                19      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
Professional               G4          SH                                                                                     Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of
Investors                                                                                                                     Securities,                                  bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid
(Second                                                                                                                       China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                        together with the
Tranche) (Type                                                                                                                Merchants
                                                                                                        principal payment
II)                                                                                                                           Securities

                                                                                                                              Huatai
2025 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                  Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                        one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                     25 Huatai     242532.                                                                                    Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Issued to                                  2025-03-04 2025-03-06 2026-06-06                20      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
                           G5          SH                                                                                     Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                  bidding and
Investors (Third                                                                                        interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              China                                        negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Merchants
I)                                                                                                      principal payment
                                                                                                                              Securities

                                                                                                                              Huatai
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                        annually and one-
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                        off payment of
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                        one-click-
                                                                                                        principal upon
                                                                                                                              Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
                                             2025-03-04 2025-03-06 2027-09-06              27      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
                                                                                                                              Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of
2025 Corporate                                                                                                                Securities,                                  bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                        together with the
Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Merchants
                                                                                                        principal payment
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                 Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                     25 Huatai     242533.
Issued to
                           G6          SH
Professional                                                                                                                  Huatai
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
Investors (Third                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                        annually and one-
Tranche) (Type                                                                                                                Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                        off payment of
II)                                                                                                                           CICC,                                        one-click-




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                        principal upon
                                                                                                                              Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
                                             2025-09-12 2025-03-06 2027-09-06              60      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
                                                                                                                              Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                  bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                        together with the
                                                                                                                              Merchants
                                                                                                        principal payment
                                                                                                                              Securities

                                                                                                                              Huatai
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
2025 Corporate                                                                                                                United
                                                                                                        annually and one-
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                        off payment of
Securities Co.,                                                                                                               CICC,                                        one-click-
                                                                                                        principal upon
Ltd. Publicly        25 Huatai     242601.                                                                                    Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
                                             2025-03-13    2025-03-17   2026-04-17         50      2.03 expiration with the                 CICC
Issued to                  G7          SH                                                                                     Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of
Professional                                                                                                                  Securities,                                  bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid
Investors (Fourth                                                                                                             China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                        together with the
Tranche)                                                                                                                      Merchants
                                                                                                        principal payment
                                                                                                                              Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                           239
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                   Arrangements
                                                                                                                  Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                                   Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond        Abbreviation    Code      Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

                                                                                                                                        Huatai
                                                                                                                  Interest to be paid
          2025 Corporate                                                                                                                United
                                                                                                                  annually and one-
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               Securities,                                   Matching,
                                                                                                                  off payment of
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                               CICC,                                         one-click-
                                                                                                                  principal upon
          Ltd. Publicly        25 Huatai     242602.                                                                                    Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
                                                     2025-03-20 2025-03-24 2026-08-24                36      2.02 expiration with the                 CICC
          Issued to                  G8          SH                                                                                     Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                  last instalment of
          Professional                                                                                                                  Securities,                                   bidding and
                                                                                                                  interest to be paid
          Investors (Fifth                                                                                                              China                                         negotiating
                                                                                                                  together with the
          Tranche)                                                                                                                      Merchants
                                                                                                                  principal payment
                                                                                                                                        Securities

                                                                                                                                       Huatai
                                                                                                                                       United
                                                                                                                                       Securities,
          2025 Science                                                                                                                 China
          and Technology                                                                                           Interest to be paid Merchants
          Innovation                                                                                               annually and one- Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
          Subordinated                                                                                             off payment of      CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                                      one-click-
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          principal upon      Guolian        China
                                             242910.                                                                                                             For professional     order, price-
          Securities Co.,    Huatai KC01             2025-05-09      2025-05-13   2028-05-13          7       1.71 expiration with the Minsheng       Merchants
                                                 SH                                                                                                              investors            enquiry,
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                            last instalment of Investment      Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                      bidding and
          Issued to                                                                                                interest to be paid Banking,
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
          Professional                                                                                             together with the Huaan
          Investors (First                                                                                         principal payment Securities,
          Tranche)                                                                                                                     Caitong
                                                                                                                                       Securities,
                                                                                                                                       CDB
                                                                                                                                       Securities

          2025 Perpetual
          Subordinated                                                                                            Interest to be paid   Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually under the    United
                                                                                                                                                                                      one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                         condition that the    Securities,
                                             243005.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly      25 Huatai Y1            2025-05-22 2025-05-26               N/A         50      2.12 issuer does not       CICC,         CICC
                                                 SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                               exercise the right    Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                                                      bidding and
          Professional                                                                                            to defer interest     Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
          Investors (First                                                                                        payments              Securities
          Tranche)

                                                                                                                                        Huatai
                                                                                                                                        United
          2025 Short-                                                                                                                   Securities,
          term Corporate                                                                                                                Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               Hongyuan
                                                                                                                  One-off payment                                                     one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Securities,   Shenwan
                                             243404.                                                              of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly     25 Huatai S4               2025-07-21 2025-07-23 2026-07-23              50      1.64                       CICC,         Hongyuan
                                                 SH                                                               interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                                                     Caitong       Securities
                                                                                                                  expiration                                                          bidding and
          Professional                                                                                                                  Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
          Investors (Fourth                                                                                                             Guolian
          Tranche)                                                                                                                      Minsheng
                                                                                                                                        Investment
                                                                                                                                        Banking

                                                                                                                                        Huatai
                                                                                                                                        United
                                                                                                                                        Securities,
                                                                                                                                        Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
                                                                                                                                        Hongyuan
                                                                                                                  One-off payment                                                     one-click-
                                                                                                                                        Securities,   Shenwan
                                                                                                                  of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
          2025 Short-                                  2025-07-24 2025-07-28 2026-06-28              50      1.72                       CICC,         Hongyuan
                                                                                                                  interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
          term Corporate                                                                                                                Caitong       Securities
                                                                                                                  expiration                                                          bidding and
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Guolian
                                             243436.
          Ltd. Publicly      25 Huatai S5                                                                                               Minsheng
                                                 SH
          Issued to                                                                                                                     Investment
          Professional                                                                                                                  Banking
          Investors (Fifth
          Tranche)                                                                                                                      Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
                                                                                                                                        United
                                                                                                                  One-off payment                                                     one-click-
                                                                                                                                        Securities,   Shenwan
                                                                                                                  of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
                                                       2025-08-28 2025-07-28 2026-06-28              13      1.72                       Guolian       Hongyuan
                                                                                                                  interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                                        Minsheng      Securities
                                                                                                                  expiration                                                          bidding and
                                                                                                                                        Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
                                                                                                                                        Banking




240
                                                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                         Arrangements
                                                                                                        Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                         Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond        Abbreviation     Code     Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

                                                                                                                              Huatai
                                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                                              Securities,
                                                                                                                              Shenwan                                       Matching,
                                                                                                        One-off payment       Hongyuan                                      one-click-
2025 Short-                                                                                                                                 Shenwan
                                                                                                        of principal and      Securities,                For professional   order, price-
term Corporate                               2025-08-05 2025-08-07 2026-07-07              25      1.65                                     Hongyuan
                                                                                                        interest upon         Caitong                    investors          enquiry,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                             Securities
                                                                                                        expiration            Securities,                                   bidding and
Securities Co.,
                                                                                                                              Guolian                                       negotiating
Ltd. Publicly

                                                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                   243516.                                                                                    Minsheng
Issued to       25 Huatai S8
                                       SH                                                                                     Investment
Professional
                                                                                                                              Banking
Investors
(Seventh
                                                                                                                              Huatai
Tranche) (Type                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                                              United
II)                                                                                                     One-off payment                                                     one-click-
                                                                                                                              Securities,   Shenwan
                                                                                                        of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
                                             2025-08-22 2025-08-07 2026-07-07              50      1.65                       Guolian       Hongyuan
                                                                                                        interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                              Minsheng      Securities
                                                                                                        expiration                                                          bidding and
                                                                                                                              Investment
                                                                                                                                                                            negotiating
                                                                                                                              Banking

                                                                                                                              Huatai



                                                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                              United
2025                                                                                                    Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              Securities,
Subordinated                                                                                            annually and one-
                                                                                                                              China                                         Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         off payment of



                                                                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                                                                                                              Merchants                                     one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                         principal upon                      China
                                   243565.                                                                                    Securities,              For professional     order, price-
Ltd. Publicly       25 Huatai C1             2025-08-13    2025-08-15   2030-08-15         12      2.13 expiration with the                 Merchants
                                       SH                                                                                     Guolian                  investors            enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                               last instalment of                  Securities
                                                                                                                              Minsheng                                      bidding and
Professional                                                                                            interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              Investment                                    negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                        together with the
                                                                                                                              Banking,
Tranche)                                                                                                principal payment
                                                                                                                              Huaan
                                                                                                                              Securities

2025 Short-
term Corporate
                                                                                                                              Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                             Matching,




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                              United
Securities Co.,                                                                                         One-off payment                                                     one-click-
                                                                                                                              Securities,   Shenwan
Ltd. Publicly                      243539.                                                              of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
                     25 Hua S10              2025-08-15    2025-08-19   2026-08-19         12      1.70                       Guolian       Hongyuan
Issued to                              SH                                                               interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                              Minsheng      Securities
Professional                                                                                            expiration                                                          bidding and
                                                                                                                              Investment
Investors (Eighth                                                                                                                                                           negotiating
                                                                                                                              Banking
Tranche) (Type
II)

                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
2025 Corporate
                                                                                                        annually and one-
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               Huatai
                                                                                                        off payment of                                                      One-click-
Securities                                                                                                                    United
                                                                                                        principal upon                      China                           order, price-
Co., Ltd. Non-                     259914.                                                                                    Securities,              For professional
                    25 Huatai F1           2025-09-04 2025-09-08 2027-04-08                26      1.92 expiration with the                 Merchants                       enquiry,
publicly Issued                        SH                                                                                     CICC, China              investors
                                                                                                        last instalment of                  Securities                      bidding and
to Professional                                                                                                               Merchants
                                                                                                        interest to be paid                                                 negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                                              Securities
                                                                                                        together with the




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
Tranche)
                                                                                                        principal payment

                                                                                                                              Huatai
2025                                                                                                                          United
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
Subordinated                                                                                                                  Securities,




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                        annually and one-
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               Guolian                                       Matching,
                                                                                                        off payment of
Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Minsheng                                      one-click-
                                                                                                        principal upon                      China
Ltd. Publicly         25 Huatai    243745.                                                                                    Investment               For professional     order, price-
                                           2025-09-08      2025-09-10   2030-09-10         20      2.19 expiration with the                 Merchants
Issued to                   C2         SH                                                                                     Banking,                 investors            enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of                  Securities
Professional                                                                                                                  Huaan                                         bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid
Investors                                                                                                                     Securities,                                   negotiating
                                                                                                        together with the
(Second                                                                                                                       CICC, China
                                                                                                        principal payment
Tranche)                                                                                                                      Merchants
                                                                                                                              Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                            241
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                  Arrangements
                                                                                                                 Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                                  Expiration            Interest interest payment       Lead          Entrusted   appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond       Abbreviation     Code     Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method                  underwriter   manager     (if any)           mechanism

          2025 Corporate
          Bonds of Huatai
          Securities                                                                                                                    Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                                     One-click-
          Co., Ltd. Non-                                                                                         One-off payment        United
                                                                                                                                                      China                          order, price-
          publicly Issued                   280045.                                                              of principal and       Securities,              For professional
                             25 Huatai D1              2025-09-10   2025-09-12   2026-05-12         30      1.76                                      Merchants                      enquiry,
          to Professional                       SH                                                               interest upon          CICC, China              investors
                                                                                                                                                      Securities                     bidding and
          Investors                                                                                              expiration             Merchants
                                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
          (Second                                                                                                                       Securities
          Tranche) (Type
          I)

          2025 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 annually and one-
          Securities                                                                                                                    Huatai
                                                                                                                 off payment of                                                      One-click-
          Co., Ltd. Non-                                                                                                                United
                                                                                                                 principal upon                       China                          order, price-
          publicly Issued                   280046.                                                                                     Securities,              For professional
                             25 Huatai F2              2025-09-10   2025-09-12   2027-04-12         10      1.95 expiration with the                  Merchants                      enquiry,
          to Professional                       SH                                                                                      CICC, China              investors
                                                                                                                 last instalment of                   Securities                     bidding and
          Investors                                                                                                                     Merchants
                                                                                                                 interest to be paid                                                 negotiating
          (Second                                                                                                                       Securities
                                                                                                                 together with the
          Tranche) (Type
                                                                                                                 principal payment
          II)

                                                                                                                                        Huatai
          2025 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid   United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-     Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                     Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of        GF
                                                                                                                                                                                     one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon        Securities,
                               25 Huatai     243811.                                                                                                              For professional   order, price-
          Issued to                                    2025-09-16   2025-09-18   2027-09-18         40       1.91 expiration with the   Shenwan       CICC
                                     G9         SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                            last instalment of    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                     bidding and
          Investors (Sixth                                                                                        interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the     CICC, China
          I)                                                                                                      principal payment     Merchants
                                                                                                                                        Securities

                                                                                                                                        Huatai
          2025                                                                                                   Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                        United
          Subordinated                                                                                           annually and one-
                                                                                                                                        Securities,                                  Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        off payment of
                                                                                                                                        Guolian                                      one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                        principal upon                       China
                               25 Huatai    243854.                                                                                     Minsheng                 For professional    order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly                                2025-09-18 2025-09-22 2030-09-22             10      2.24 expiration with the                  Merchants
                                     C3         SH                                                                                      Investment               investors           enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                              last instalment of                   Securities
                                                                                                                                        Banking,                                     bidding and
          Professional                                                                                           interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                        CICC, China                                  negotiating
          Investors (Third                                                                                       together with the
                                                                                                                                        Merchants
          Tranche)                                                                                               principal payment
                                                                                                                                        Securities

          2025 Corporate                                                                                                                Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               United
          Securities                                                                                                                    Securities,                                  One-click-
                                                                                                                 One-off payment
          Co., Ltd. Non-                                                                                                                Shenwan       China                          order, price-
                               25 Huatai    280287.                                                              of principal and                                For professional
          publicly Issued                           2025-09-26      2025-10-09 2026-06-09           20      1.80                        Hongyuan      Merchants                      enquiry,
                                     D2         SH                                                               interest upon                                   investors
          to Professional                                                                                                               Securities,   Securities                     bidding and
                                                                                                                 expiration
          Investors (Third                                                                                                              CICC, China                                  negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                                                Merchants
          I)                                                                                                                            Securities

          2025 Corporate                                                                                         Interest to be paid    Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        annually and one-      United
          Securities                                                                                             off payment of         Securities,                                  One-click-
          Co., Ltd. Non-                                                                                         principal upon         Shenwan       China                          order, price-
                                            280292.                                                                                                              For professional
          publicly Issued    25 Huatai F3           2025-09-26      2025-10-09 2027-05-09           14      1.95 expiration with the    Hongyuan      Merchants                      enquiry,
                                                SH                                                                                                               investors
          to Professional                                                                                        last instalment of     Securities,   Securities                     bidding and
          Investors (Third                                                                                       interest to be paid    CICC, China                                  negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                         together with the      Merchants
          II)                                                                                                    principal payment      Securities




242
                                                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                       Arrangements
                                                                                                       Principal and                                   for investors’
                                                                        Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted   appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond        Abbreviation     Code    Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager     (if any)           mechanism

2025 Corporate
                                                                                                       Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       annually and one-     United
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                           Matching,
                                                                                                       off payment of        Securities,
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
                                                                                                       principal upon        GF
Issued to                          243927.                                                                                                             For professional   order, price-
                    25 Huatai 11             2025-10-09   2025-10-13   2028-10-13         63      2.06 expiration with the   Securities,   CICC
Professional                           SH                                                                                                              investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                       last instalment of    Shenwan
Investors                                                                                                                                                                 bidding and
                                                                                                       interest to be paid   Hongyuan
(Seventh                                                                                                                                                                  negotiating
                                                                                                       together with the     Securities,
Tranche) (Type
                                                                                                       principal payment     CICC

                                                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
I)

2025 Corporate
                                                                                                       Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       annually and one-     United
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                           Matching,
                                                                                                       off payment of        Securities,
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
                                                                                                       principal upon        GF
Issued to                          243928.                                                                                                             For professional   order, price-
                    25 Huatai 12             2025-10-09   2025-10-13   2030-08-13         10      2.20 expiration with the   Securities,   CICC
Professional                           SH                                                                                                              investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                       last instalment of    Shenwan
Investors                                                                                                                                                                 bidding and
                                                                                                       interest to be paid   Hongyuan
(Seventh                                                                                                                                                                  negotiating
                                                                                                       together with the     Securities,
Tranche) (Type
                                                                                                       principal payment     CICC
II)




                                                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
2025                                                                                                                         Huatai
                                                                                                       Interest to be paid
Subordinated                                                                                                                 United
                                                                                                       annually and one-
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                              Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                       off payment of



                                                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Securities Co.,                                                                                                              Guolian                                      one-click-
                                                                                                       principal upon                      China
Ltd. Publicly         25 Huatai    243938.                                                                                   Minsheng                 For professional    order, price-
                                             2025-10-10   2025-10-14   2028-10-14         41      2.26 expiration with the                 Merchants
Issued to                   C4         SH                                                                                    Investment               investors           enquiry,
                                                                                                       last instalment of                  Securities
Professional                                                                                                                 Banking,                                     bidding and
                                                                                                       interest to be paid
Investors (Fourth                                                                                                            China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                       together with the
Tranche) (Type                                                                                                               Merchants
                                                                                                       principal payment
I)                                                                                                                           Securities

2025                                                                                                                         Huatai
                                                                                                       Interest to be paid
Subordinated                                                                                                                 United
                                                                                                       annually and one-
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                              Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                       off payment of
Securities Co.,                                                                                                              Guolian                                      one-click-




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                                                       principal upon                      China
Ltd. Publicly         25 Huatai    243939.                                                                                   Minsheng                 For professional    order, price-
                                             2025-10-10   2025-10-14   2030-10-14          9      2.38 expiration with the                 Merchants
Issued to                   C5         SH                                                                                    Investment               investors           enquiry,
                                                                                                       last instalment of                  Securities
Professional                                                                                                                 Banking,                                     bidding and
                                                                                                       interest to be paid
Investors (Fourth                                                                                                            China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                       together with the
Tranche) (Type                                                                                                               Merchants
                                                                                                       principal payment
II)                                                                                                                          Securities

2025 Corporate                                                                                         Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                          Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                        off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                          one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                          principal upon        GF
                                   243945.                                                                                                             For professional   order, price-
Issued to         25 Huatai 13               2025-10-14   2025-10-16    2028-11-16        20      2.02 expiration with the   Securities,   CICC
                                       SH                                                                                                              investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                           last instalment of    Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                                          bidding and
Investors (Eighth                                                                                      interest to be paid   Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                          negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                         together with the     Securities,
I)                                                                                                     principal payment     CICC




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
2025 Corporate                                                                                         Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                          Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                        off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                          one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                          principal upon        GF




                                                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                   243946.                                                                                                             For professional   order, price-
Issued to         25 Huatai 14               2025-10-14   2025-10-16   2030-09-16         20      2.20 expiration with the   Securities,   CICC
                                       SH                                                                                                              investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                           last instalment of    Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                                          bidding and
Investors (Eighth                                                                                      interest to be paid   Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                          negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                         together with the     Securities,
II)                                                                                                    principal payment     CICC

2025 Corporate                                                                                         Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                             Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        annually and one-
                                                                                                                             United                                       Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                        off payment of
                                                                                                                             Securities,                                  one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                          principal upon
                                   244086.                                                                                   GF                        For professional   order, price-
Issued to           25 Huatai 15             2025-11-05   2025-11-07   2028-12-07         32      1.85 expiration with the                 CICC
                                       SH                                                                                    Securities,               investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                           last instalment of
                                                                                                                             Shenwan                                      bidding and
Investors (Ninth                                                                                       interest to be paid
                                                                                                                             Hongyuan                                     negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                         together with the
                                                                                                                             Securities
I)                                                                                                     principal payment




                                                                                                                                                                                          243
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                   Arrangements
                                                                                                                 Principal and                                     for investors’
                                                                                  Expiration            Interest interest payment       Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond       Abbreviation     Code    Issue date   Value date          date    Balance rate (%) method                  underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

          2025 Corporate                                                                                         Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                        Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        annually and one-
                                                                                                                                        United                                        Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                        off payment of
                                                                                                                                        Securities,                                   one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                          principal upon
                                            244087.                                                                                     GF                         For professional   order, price-
          Issued to          25 Huatai 16             2025-11-05   2025-11-07    2030-10-07         17      2.00 expiration with the                  CICC
                                                SH                                                                                      Securities,                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                           last instalment of
                                                                                                                                        Shenwan                                       bidding and
          Investors (Ninth                                                                                       interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                        Hongyuan                                      negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                         together with the
                                                                                                                                        Securities
          II)                                                                                                    principal payment

          2025
                                                                                                                 Interest to be paid
          Subordinated
                                                                                                                 annually and one-      Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
                                                                                                                 off payment of         United
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
                                                                                                                 principal upon         Securities,   China
          Ltd. Publicly        25 Huatai    243981.                                                                                                              For professional     order, price-
                                                      2025-11-07    2025-11-11    2028-11-11        15      2.03 expiration with the    Guolian       Merchants
          Issued to                  C6         SH                                                                                                               investors            enquiry,
                                                                                                                 last instalment of     Minsheng      Securities
          Professional                                                                                                                                                                bidding and
                                                                                                                 interest to be paid    Investment
          Investors (Fifth                                                                                                                                                            negotiating
                                                                                                                 together with the      Banking
          Tranche) (Type
                                                                                                                 principal payment
          I)

          2025
                                                                                                                 Interest to be paid
          Subordinated
                                                                                                                 annually and one-      Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
                                                                                                                 off payment of         United
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
                                                                                                                 principal upon         Securities,   China
          Ltd. Publicly        25 Huatai    243982.                                                                                                              For professional     order, price-
                                                      2025-11-07    2025-11-11    2030-11-11         11     2.20 expiration with the    Guolian       Merchants
          Issued to                  C7         SH                                                                                                               investors            enquiry,
                                                                                                                 last instalment of     Minsheng      Securities
          Professional                                                                                                                                                                bidding and
                                                                                                                 interest to be paid    Investment
          Investors (Fifth                                                                                                                                                            negotiating
                                                                                                                 together with the      Banking
          Tranche) (Type
                                                                                                                 principal payment
          II)

          2025 Corporate                                                                                         Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                        Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        annually and one-
                                                                                                                                        United                                        Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                        off payment of
                                                                                                                                        Securities,                                   one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                          principal upon
                                            244229.                                                                                     GF                         For professional   order, price-
          Issued to          25 Huatai 17             2025-11-20   2025-11-24    2028-11-24      28.30      1.88 expiration with the                  CICC
                                                SH                                                                                      Securities,                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                           last instalment of
                                                                                                                                        Shenwan                                       bidding and
          Investors (Tenth                                                                                       interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                        Hongyuan                                      negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                         together with the
                                                                                                                                        Securities
          I)                                                                                                     principal payment

          2025 Corporate                                                                                         Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                        Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        annually and one-
                                                                                                                                        United                                        Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                        off payment of
                                                                                                                                        Securities,                                   one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                          principal upon
                                            244230.                                                                                     GF                         For professional   order, price-
          Issued to          25 Huatai 18             2025-11-20   2025-11-24    2030-11-24       8.70      1.99 expiration with the                  CICC
                                                SH                                                                                      Securities,                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                           last instalment of
                                                                                                                                        Shenwan                                       bidding and
          Investors (Tenth                                                                                       interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                        Hongyuan                                      negotiating
          Tranche) (Type                                                                                         together with the
                                                                                                                                        Securities
          II)                                                                                                    principal payment

          2025 Short-
          term Corporate                                                                                                                Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               United
                                                                                                                  One-off payment                                                     one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Securities,   Shenwan
                                            244380.                                                               of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly        25 Hua S11             2025-12-19   2025-12-23    2026-12-23         50       1.71                       Shenwan       Hongyuan
                                                SH                                                                interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                                                     Hongyuan      Securities
                                                                                                                  expiration                                                          bidding and
          Professional                                                                                                                  Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
          Investors (Ninth                                                                                                              CICC
          Tranche)

                                                                                                                                        Huatai
                                                                                                                  Interest to be paid   United
          2026 Corporate
                                                                                                                  annually and one-     Securities,
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                  off payment of        GF                                              One-click-
          Securities
                                                                                                                  principal upon        Securities,   China                           order, price-
          Co., Ltd. Non-                    281283.                                                                                                              For professional
                             26 Huatai F1             2026-01-08   2026-01-12    2027-01-27         60       1.77 expiration with the   Shenwan       Merchants                           enquiry,
          publicly Issued                       SH                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                                  last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities                      bidding and
          to Professional
                                                                                                                  interest to be paid   Securities,                                    negotiating
          Investors (First
                                                                                                                  together with the     CICC, China
          Tranche)
                                                                                                                  principal payment     Merchants
                                                                                                                                        Securities




244
                                                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                                        Arrangements
                                                                                                      Principal and                                     for investors’
                                                                       Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead            Entrusted   appropriateness   Trading
Name of bond       Abbreviation     Code    Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method                 underwriter     manager     (if any)          mechanism

                                                                                                                            Huatai
2026 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid   United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one-     Securities,
Securities                                                                                            off payment of        GF                                              One-click-
Co., Ltd. Non-                                                                                        principal upon        Securities,     China                         order, price-
                                  281333.                                                                                                              For professional
publicly Issued    26 Huatai F2             2026-01-13   2026-01-15   2027-06-15         55      1.95 expiration with the   Shenwan         Merchants                         enquiry,
                                      SH                                                                                                               investors
to Professional                                                                                       last instalment of    Hongyuan        Securities                    bidding and
Investors                                                                                             interest to be paid   Securities,                                    negotiating
(Second                                                                                               together with the     CICC, China


                                                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
Tranche)                                                                                              principal payment     Merchants
                                                                                                                            Securities

                                                                                                                            Huatai
                                                                                                      Interest to be paid   United
2026 Corporate
                                                                                                      annually and one-     Securities,
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                      off payment of        GF                                            One-click-
Securities
                                                                                                      principal upon        Securities,     China                         order, price-
Co., Ltd. Non-                    281354.                                                                                                              For professional
                   26 Huatai F3             2026-01-16   2026-01-20 2027-08-20           60      1.92 expiration with the   Shenwan         Merchants                     enquiry,
publicly Issued                       SH                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                      last instalment of    Hongyuan        Securities                    bidding and
to Professional
                                                                                                      interest to be paid   Securities,                                   negotiating
Investors (Third
                                                                                                      together with the     CICC, China
Tranche)
                                                                                                      principal payment     Merchants



                                                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                            Securities

2026
                                                                                                      Interest to be paid   Huatai



                                                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Subordinated
                                                                                                      annually and one-     United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                           Matching,
                                                                                                      off payment of        Securities,
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                           one-click-
                                                                                                      principal upon        Guolian         China
Ltd. Publicly                     244589.                                                                                                              For professional   order, price-
                   26 Huatai C1             2026-01-20   2026-01-21   2029-01-21         40      1.99 expiration with the   Minsheng        Merchants
Issued to                             SH                                                                                                               investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                      last instalment of    Investment      Securities
Professional                                                                                                                                                              bidding and
                                                                                                      interest to be paid   Banking,
Investors (First                                                                                                                                                          negotiating
                                                                                                      together with the     Huaan
tranche) (Type
                                                                                                      principal payment     Securities,
I)

2026
                                                                                                      Interest to be paid   Huatai
Subordinated




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                                                      annually and one-     United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                           Matching,
                                                                                                      off payment of        Securities,
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                           one-click-
                                                                                                      principal upon        Guolian         China
Ltd. Publicly        26 Huatai    244590.                                                                                                              For professional   order, price-
                                            2026-01-20   2026-01-21    2031-01-11        35      2.20 expiration with the   Minsheng        Merchants
Issued to                  C2         SH                                                                                                               investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                      last instalment of    Investment      Securities
Professional                                                                                                                                                              bidding and
                                                                                                      interest to be paid   Banking,
Investors (First                                                                                                                                                          negotiating
                                                                                                      together with the     Huaan
tranche) (Type
                                                                                                      principal payment     Securities,
II)

                                                                                                                            Huatai
                                                                                                      Interest to be paid   United
2026 Corporate
                                                                                                      annually and one-     Securities,
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                      off payment of        GF                                            One-click-
Securities
                                                                                                      principal upon        Securities,     China                         order, price-
Co., Ltd. Non-                    281447.                                                                                                              For professional
                  26 Huatai F4              2026-01-21   2026-01-23 2027-03-23           70      1.85 expiration with the   Shenwan         Merchants                     enquiry,
publicly Issued                       SH                                                                                                               investors
                                                                                                      last instalment of    Hongyuan        Securities                    bidding and




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
to Professional
                                                                                                      interest to be paid   Securities,                                   negotiating
Investors (Fourth
                                                                                                      together with the     CICC, China
Tranche)
                                                                                                      principal payment     Merchants
                                                                                                                            Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                            Huatai
2026 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid   United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one-     Securities,
Securities                                                                                            off payment of        China                                         One-lick-
                                                                                                                                            China
Co., Ltd. Non-                                                                                        principal upon        Merchants                                     order, price-
                                  281530.                                                                                                   Merchants For professional
publicly Issued    26 Huatai F5             2026-01-27   2026-01-29 2027-02-23            5      1.73 expiration with the   Securities,                                   enquiry,
                                      SH                                                                                                    Securities investors
to Professional                                                                                       last instalment of    CICC,                                         bidding and
                                                                                                                                            co. Ltd.
Investors (Fifth                                                                                      interest to be paid   Shenwan                                       negotiating
Tranche) (Type                                                                                        together with the     Hongyuan
I)                                                                                                    principal payment     Securities,
                                                                                                                            GF Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                          245
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                               Arrangements
                                                                                                                Principal and                                  for investors’
                                                                                 Expiration            Interest interest payment    Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness     Trading
          Name of bond       Abbreviation    Code     Issue date   Value date         date    Balance rate (%) method               underwriter   manager      (if any)            mechanism

          2026 Short-                                                                                                               Huatai
          term Corporate                                                                                                            United
                                                                                                                                                                                   Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                           Securities,
                                                                                                                One-off payment                   Shenwan                          one-lick-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                           Shenwan
                                            244632.                                                             of principal and                  Hongyuan     For professional    order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly      26 Huatai S1             2026-01-27   2026-01-29   2026-12-29         25      1.67                     Hongyuan
                                                SH                                                              interest upon                     Securities   investors           enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                                                 Securities,
                                                                                                                expiration                        Co., Ltd.                        bidding and
          Professional                                                                                                              CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
          Investors (First                                                                                                          Caitong
          Tranche)                                                                                                                  Securities

                                                                                                                                    Huatai
                                                                                                                                    United
          2026 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid Securities,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one- CICC, China
                                                                                                                                                                                   Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                       off payment of      Merchants     China
                                                                                                                                                                                   one-lick-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                         principal upon      Securities,   International
                                            244692.                                                                                                             For professional   order, price-
          Issued to          26 Huatai G1           2026-02-05 2026-02-09 2029-02-09               40      1.85 expiration with the Shenwan       Capital
                                                SH                                                                                                              investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                          last instalment of Hongyuan       Corporation
                                                                                                                                                                                   bidding and
          Investors (First                                                                                      interest to be paid Securities,   Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
          tranche) (Type                                                                                        together with the GF
          I)                                                                                                    principal payment Securities,
                                                                                                                                    Caitong
                                                                                                                                    Securities


          Notes:
          1. The trading market of the above-mentioned corporate bonds was the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
          2. The above-mentioned corporate bonds were not exposed to the risk of delisting.
          3. None of the above-mentioned corporate bonds had put option provisions, and there will be no put dates after April 30, 2026.
          4. As at the date on which this report was approved to publish, the Group had no bonds for ordinary investors.



          Interest payment for bonds during the Reporting Period is as follows:

          Name of bond                                                                                                             Redemption and interest payment

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (First Tranche)                                 time and in full in January 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I)                       time and in full in January 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type II)                      January 2025

          2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)        January 2025

          2021 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued Interest paid on time and in full in
          to Professional Investors (First tranche)                              January 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Third Tranche)                                 January 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)                                February 2025

          2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (First Tranche)                                 time and in full in February 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Type I)                        February 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Type II)                       February 2025




246
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Name of bond                                                           Redemption and interest payment

2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)      time and in full in March 2025

2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Qualified Investors (Second Tranche)                                   time and in full in April 2025

2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type I)                        May 2025

2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II)                       May 2025                                         About Us
2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I) time and in full in May 2025

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Third Tranche)                                 May 2025

2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Qualified Investors (Third Tranche)                                    time and in full in May 2025

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in



                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche) (Type II)                      May 2025

2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Type I) time and in full in June 2025

2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type I)                        time and in full in July 2025

2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)       July 2025

2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche)                               August 2025

2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)     time and in full in August 2025

2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)                                time and in full in September 2025

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type II)                     September 2025




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)        September 2025




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)                                 time and in full in September 2025

2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)        September 2025

2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche) (Type I)                       September 2025

2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)     time and in full in October 2025




                                                                                                               247
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name of bond                                                           Redemption and interest payment

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche) (Type II)                       October 2025

          2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)      time and in full in October 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche) (Type I)                        time and in full in October 2025

          2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche) (Type II)                      October 2025

          2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)       October 2025

          2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)        October 2025

          2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche) (Type II)                       October 2025

          2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)       October 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Tenth Tranche) (Type I)                        November 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Tenth Tranche) (Type II)                       November 2025

          2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type I) time and in full in November 2025

          2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type II) time and in full in November 2025

          2020 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued Principal repaid and interest paid on
          to Professional Investors (First Tranche)                              time and in full in November 2025

          2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)        November 2025

          2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II)                       November 2025

          2024 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)        November 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Non-publicly Interest paid on time and in full in
          Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche) (Type II)       November 2025

          2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche) (Type I)                       time and in full in December 2025

          2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche) (Type II)                      December 2025

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Non-publicly Interest paid on time and in full in
          Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type II)      December 2025




248
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2. Triggers and execution of the Company’s or investor’s option clauses or investor protection
clauses

21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3, 22 Huatai Y1, 22 Huatai Y2, 22 Huatai Y3, 23 Huatai Y1, 23 Huatai Y2,
24 Huatai Y1 and 25 Huatai Y1 issued by the Company are subject to the issuer’s renewal option, issuer’s
redemption right, when certain conditions are met and the right of deferring interest payment. As of the
disclosure date of this report, the aforementioned bonds have not triggered the issuer’s renewal, interest
step-up and redemption option when certain conditions are met as the exercise date of the issuer’s renewal
option and redemption right has not yet reached.

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not execute the right of deferring interest payment. The
current interests for 21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3, 22 Huatai Y1, 22 Huatai Y2, 22 Huatai Y3, 23 Huatai            About Us
Y1, 23 Huatai Y2 and 24 Huatai Y1 have been paid on time and in full. During the 12 months prior to the annual
interest payment date of the aforesaid bonds, the Company triggered a mandatory interest payment event
due to dividend distribution to ordinary shareholders and reduction of registered capital, details of which
can be found in the respective announcements of the Company.


3. Intermediary agencies to provide services for bond issuance and existing business


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                         Name of
Name of intermediary                                     signatory


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
agency                    Office address                 accountant           Contact person Contact number

Deloitte Touche
                       30/F, 222 Yan An Road             Hu Xiaojun, Han
Tohmatsu Certified                                                            Hu Xiaojun       021-61418888
                       East, Shanghai                    Jian
Public Accountants LLP

                          8/F, KPMG Tower, Oriental
                                                         Cheng Hailiang,
KPMG Huazhen LLP          Plaza, No. 1 East Chang’an                          Zhang Nan        021-22123075
                                                         Zou Jun
                          Avenue, Beijing




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Other intermediary agencies to provide services for the above bond issuance and existing business are as
below:

Intermediary
agency       Name                      Office address                         Contact person    Contact number

                                                                              Wang
                                       5/F, Building 1, Huatai Securities
                Huatai United                                                 Chengcheng,
                                       Square, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong                         025-83387750
                Securities Co., Ltd.                                          Cui Yue, Guang
                                       Road, Nanjing



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                                                              Zijia

                Shenwan
                                       45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui      Liu Qiuyan, Zheng 021-33388507,
                Hongyuan



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                       District, Shanghai                     Jianrui           021-33388508
Lead            Securities Co., Ltd.
underwriter     China
                International          33/F, Tower 2, China World Office,
                Capital                No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,            Liu Liu           010-65051166
                Corporation            Chaoyang District, Beijing
                Limited

                China Merchants        No.111 Fuhua 1st Road, Futian District, Lin Chiheng,
                                                                                                0755-83081361
                Securities Co., Ltd.   Shenzhen, Guangdong Province            Feng Shu




                                                                                                                      249
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Intermediary
          agency       Name                      Office address                          Contact person   Contact number

                          China
                          Development            1-9/F, No. 29 Fuchengmen Wai
                                                                                         Bao Hong         010-88300840
                          Bank Securities        Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
                          Company Limited

                                                 32/F, SK Tower, Building 1, 6A
                          China Industrial
                                                 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang Tao Jian                  13581681404
                          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                 District, Beijing

                                             West Tower, Caitong Shuangguan              Xu Zongxuan,
                          Caitong Securities Building, No. 198 Tianmushan Road,          Zhang Zhening,
                                                                                                          0571-87821802
                          Co., Ltd.          Xihu District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang           Wang Wenxu,
                                             Province                                    Zhang Yifei
          Lead
          underwriter     GF Securities Co.,     GF Securities Tower, 26 Machang         Wang Lixin,
                                                                                                          020-66338971
                          Ltd.                   Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou        Wang Zhifan

                                                                                         Liang
                                                 5/F, Block 1, Fortune Finance
                                                                                         Chengming, Guo
                          Guolian Minsheng       Plaza, No. 8 Puming Road, China
                                                                                         Ying,
                          Investment             (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone,                      021-80508840,
                                                                                         Chen Jiyun,
                          Banking                Unit 405, 4/F, Block B, Jiu’an Plaza,                  010-58113000
                                                                                         Wang Jingru,
                          Company Limited        No. 208 Andingmenwai Avenue,
                                                                                         Xie Shilan,
                                                 Dongcheng District, Beijing
                                                                                         Liu Xiaohan

                                                                                         Feng Yao,
                          Huaan Securities       No. 1018 Ziyun Road, Binhu New
                                                                                         Sheng Shijie,    0551-65161650
                          Co., Ltd.              District, Hefei, Anhui Province
                                                                                         Bi Mengmei

                          Shenwan
                                                 45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui                        021-33388507,
                          Hongyuan                                                       Zheng Jianrui
                                                 District, Shanghai                                       021-33388508
                          Securities Co., Ltd.

                          China
          Entrusted       International
                                                 China World Office, No. 1
          manager         Capital                                                        Liu Liu          010-65051166
                                                 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing
                          Corporation
                          Limited

                          China Merchants        No.111 Fuhua 1st Road, Futian District, Lin Chiheng,
                                                                                                          0755-83081361
                          Securities Co., Ltd.   Shenzhen, Guangdong Province            Feng Shu

                          China Lianhe
                                                 17/F, Tower 2, No. 2 Jianguomenwai
                          Credit Rating Co.,                                             Jiang Yujia      010-85679696
                                                 Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                          Ltd.
          Credit rating
          agencies        Shanghai
                          Brilliance Credit      14/F, Huasheng Mansion, No. 398                          021-63501349-
                                                                                         Gao Fei
                          Rating & Investors     Hankou Road, Shanghai                                    637
                          Service Co., Ltd.




250
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Intermediary
agency       Name                    Office address                         Contact person    Contact number

                                     9/F, National Water Resources
                 JC Master Law
                                     Building, No. 70 Qingjiang South       Yin Tingting      025-84503333
                 Offices
                                     Road, Nanjing

                                     22-31/F, South Tower of Building 3,
                 Zhong Lun Law
                                     CP Center, No. 20 Jinhe East Road,     Guo Zhi           025-69511868
                 Firm
                                     Chaoyang District, Beijing


                                                                                                                          About Us
                                     9, 11, 12/F, Shanghai Tower, No. 501
                 AllBright Law                                            Sun Zuan, Bai
                                     Middle Yincheng Road, Pudong New                         021-20511000
                 Offices                                                  Xue
                                     Area, Shanghai
Law firms                            8/F Block B, Harbour Center, No.
                 Grandall Law Firm
                                     309 Hanzhongmen Avenue, Gulou          Wang Chong        13905176005
                 Nanjing
                                     District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province

                                     7-11/F, Block A, Lianchuang



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                 Dentons Nanjing     Technology Building, No. 18 JiHui
                                                                            Zhu Xiao          025-83755114
                 Office              Road, Gulou District, Nanjing,
                                     Jiangsu Province


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                     17-18/F, East Tower, World Financial
                 King & Wood
                                     Center 1, No. 1 Middle East 3rd Ring   Yao Lei           010-58785764
                 Mallesons
                                     Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing



There were no changes in the above intermediary agencies during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
4. Adjustments to the credit ratings

During the Reporting Period, the rating agencies did not make any adjustments to the ratings.

5. Changes, variations and implementation of guarantees, debt repayment plan and other
debt repayment guarantee measures and their impact during the Reporting Period

Current status                                                 Implementation                       Any change

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the existing
corporate bonds of the Company are issued without              During the Reporting Period, the
guarantee and are subject to the debt repayment plan in        Company strictly performed the



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
accordance with the covenants in the prospectuses for          covenants in the prospectuses
corporate bonds.                                               in relation to investor protection
                                                               mechanism, paid the interest
According to the covenants in the prospectuses



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                               and/or principal for the
for corporate bonds, the Company has settlement                                                        No
                                                               corporate bonds in full as
safeguards in place, including but not limited to setting      scheduled, and disclosed
up terms of settlement safeguards undertaking and              relevant information on the
relief measures for the issuer, formulating the Rules for      Company in a timely manner
Meeting of Bondholders, entrusting bond manager, strictly      to protect the legal interest of
performing the obligations of information disclosure and       investors.
setting up a special debt repayment account.




                                                                                                                 251
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Funds raised from corporate bonds

          The corporate bonds involved in the use of funds raised during the Reporting Period, and the utilization of
          funds raised is as follows:

          1. Basic information
                                                                                          Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                 Balance
                                                                                                               of specific
                                                                                            Balance of        accounts of
                                      Whether                                             funds raised       funds raised
                                      it is a                                     Total       as at the          as at the
                                      special                                 amount        end of the         end of the
          Code of     Abbreviation    type of    Specific type of special     of funds       Reporting          Reporting
          bond        of bond         bond       type of bond                   raised          Period             Period

          242235.SH   25 Huatai S1    Yes        Short-term corporate bond          32                  –                  –

          242331.SH   25 Huatai G1    No         –                                  18                  –                  –

          242497.SH   25 Huatai G3    No         –                                  30                  –                  –

          242498.SH   25 Huatai G4    No         –                                  19                  –                  –

                      25 Huatai G3
          242497.SH                   No         –                            50.6875                   –                  –
                      (Note 1)

          242532.SH   25 Huatai G5    No         –                                  20                  –                  –

          242533.SH   25 Huatai G6    No         –                                  27                  –                  –

                      25 Huatai G6
          242533.SH                   No         –                            60.8394                   –                  –
                      (Note 2)

          242601.SH   25 Huatai G7    No         –                                  50                  –                  –

          242602.SH   25 Huatai G8    No         –                                  36                  –                  –

          242763.SH   25 Huatai S2    Yes        Short-term corporate bond          50                  –                  –

          242829.SH   25 Huatai S3    Yes        Short-term corporate bond          30                  –                  –

                      25 Huatai S3
          242829.SH                   Yes        Short-term corporate bond     10.0486                  –                  –
                      (Note 3)

                                                 Science and technology
          242910.SH   Huatai KC01     Yes                                            7                  –                  –
                                                 innovation corporate bond

          243005.SH   25 Huatai Y1    Yes        Renewable corporate bond           50                  –                  –

          243404.SH   25 Huatai S4    Yes        Short-term corporate bond          50                  –                  –

          243436.SH   25 Huatai S5    Yes        Short-term corporate bond          50                  –                  –

                      25 Huatai S5
          243436.SH                   Yes        Short-term corporate bond    13.02431                  –                  –
                      (Note 4)

          243495.SH   25 Huatai S6    Yes        Short-term corporate bond          50                  –                  –

          243515.SH   25 Huatai S7    Yes        Short-term corporate bond          25                  –                  –

          243516.SH   25 Huatai S8    Yes        Short-term corporate bond          25                  –                  –

                      25 Huatai S8
          243516.SH                   Yes        Short-term corporate bond     50.0125                  –                  –
                      (Note 5)

          243565.SH   25 Huatai C1    No         –                                   12                 –                  –




252
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                      Balance
                                                                                                                                    of specific
                                                                                                               Balance of          accounts of
                                       Whether                                                               funds raised         funds raised
                                       it is a                                                     Total         as at the            as at the
                                       special                                                 amount          end of the           end of the
Code of          Abbreviation          type of         Specific type of special                of funds         Reporting            Reporting
bond             of bond               bond            type of bond                              raised            Period               Period

243538.SH        25 Huatai S9          Yes             Short-term corporate bond                       35                    –                   –


                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
243539.SH        25 Hua S10            Yes             Short-term corporate bond                       12                    –                   –

259914.SH        25 Huatai F1          No              –                                               26                    –                   –

243745.SH        25 Huatai C2          No              –                                               20                    –                   –

280045.SH        25 Huatai D1          Yes             Short-term corporate bond                       30                    –                   –

280046.SH        25 Huatai F2          No             –                                                10                    –                   –

243811.SH        25 Huatai G9          No             –                                               40                     –                   –



                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
243854.SH        25 Huatai C3          No             –                                                10                    –                   –

280287.SH        25 Huatai D2          Yes            Short-term corporate bond                        20                    –                   –


                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
280292.SH        25 Huatai F3          No             –                                                14                    –                   –

243927.SH        25 Huatai 11          No             –                                               63                     –                   –

243928.SH        25 Huatai 12          No             –                                                10                    –                   –

243938.SH        25 Huatai C4          No             –                                                41                    –                   –

243939.SH        25 Huatai C5          No             –                                                 9                    –                   –




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
243945.SH        25 Huatai 13          No             –                                                20                    –                   –

243946.SH        25 Huatai 14          No             –                                                20                    –                   –

                 23 Huatai G9
115347.SH                              No             –                                        53.03184                      –                   –
                 (Note 6)

244086.SH        25 Huatai 15          No              –                                               32                    –                   –

244087.SH        25 Huatai 16          No              –                                                17                   –                   –

243981.SH        25 Huatai C6          No              –                                               15                    –                   –

243982.SH        25 Huatai C7          No              –                                                11                   –                   –




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
244229.SH        25 Huatai 17          No              –                                           28.30                     –                   –

244230.SH        25 Huatai 18          No              –                                            8.70                     –                   –




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
244380.SH        25 Hua S11            Yes            Short-term corporate bond                       50                     –                   –


Notes:
1. Refers to the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I) (Follow-on
Offering)
2. Refers to the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
Offering)
3. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Follow-on
Offering)
4. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Follow-on
Offering)
5. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type II)
(Follow-on Offering)
6. Refers to the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
Offering)




                                                                                                                                                        253
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Change and adjustment of use of funds raised

          There were no changes in the use of funds raised during the Reporting Period.

          3. Utilization of funds raised

          (1) Actual utilization (excluding temporary replenishment of liquidity here)
                                                                                          Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                     Repayment
                                          Actual     of interest-
                                         utilized        bearing                               Investments
                                        amount             debts                                     in fixed
                                        of funds      (excluding Repayment                             asset
                                          raised       corporate of corporate Replenishment         projects   Other
                                      during the     bonds) and bonds and         of liquidity           and use and
          Code of     Abbreviation    Reporting          amount       amount    and amount          amount amount
          bond        of bond             Period        involved     involved       involved       involved involved

          242235.SH   25 Huatai S1             32              –            –               32                –            –

          242331.SH   25 Huatai G1              18             –            18               –                –            –

          242497.SH   25 Huatai G3             30              –           30                –                –            –

          242498.SH   25 Huatai G4              19             –            19               –                –            –

                      25 Huatai G3
          242497.SH                     50.6875                –            –        50.6875                  –            –
                      (Note 1)

          242532.SH   25 Huatai G5             20              –           20                –                –            –

          242533.SH   25 Huatai G6             27              –           27                –                –            –

                      25 Huatai G6
          242533.SH                     60.8394                –            –        60.8394                  –            –
                      (Note 2)

          242601.SH   25 Huatai G7             50              –           50                –                –            –

          242602.SH   25 Huatai G8             36              –           36                –                –            –

          242763.SH   25 Huatai S2             50              –            5              45                 –            –

          242829.SH   25 Huatai S3             30              –            10             20                 –            –

                      25 Huatai S3
          242829.SH                        10.0486             –            –         10.0486                 –            –
                      (Note 3)

          242910.SH   Huatai KC01               7              –            –                2                –            5

          243005.SH   25 Huatai Y1             50              –           50                –                –            –

          243404.SH   25 Huatai S4             50              –           50                –                –            –

          243436.SH   25 Huatai S5             50              –           23               27                –            –

                      25 Huatai S5
          243436.SH                     13.02431               –      10.02431               3                –            –
                      (Note 4)

          243495.SH   25 Huatai S6             50              –           25              25                 –            –

          243515.SH   25 Huatai S7             25              –           25                –                –            –

          243516.SH   25 Huatai S8             25              –            10              15                –            –

                      25 Huatai S8
          243516.SH                        50.0125             –      42.0125                8                –            –
                      (Note 5)

          243565.SH   25 Huatai C1              12             –            12               –                –            –




254
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                         Repayment
                                           Actual        of interest-
                                          utilized           bearing                               Investments
                                         amount                debts                                     in fixed
                                         of funds         (excluding Repayment                             asset
                                           raised          corporate of corporate Replenishment         projects   Other
                                       during the        bonds) and bonds and         of liquidity           and use and
Code of          Abbreviation          Reporting             amount       amount    and amount          amount amount
bond             of bond                   Period           involved     involved       involved       involved involved

243538.SH        25 Huatai S9                    35                     –                 –                    35                  –              –

243539.SH        25 Hua S10                       12                    –                 –                     12                 –              –              About Us

259914.SH        25 Huatai F1                    26                     –                 –                    26                  –              –

243745.SH        25 Huatai C2                    20                     –                 –                    20                  –              –

280045.SH        25 Huatai D1                    30                     –                 –                    30                  –              –

280046.SH        25 Huatai F2                     10                    –                 –                     10                 –              –

243811.SH        25 Huatai G9                    40                     –                 10                   30                  –              –


                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
243854.SH        25 Huatai C3                     10                    –                 –                     10                 –              –



                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                 23 Huatai G9
115347.SH                                53.03184                       –        45.03184                        8                 –              –
                 (Note 6)

280287.SH        25 Huatai D2                    20                     –                 –                    20                  –              –

280292.SH        25 Huatai F3                     14                    –                 –                     14                 –              –

243927.SH        25 Huatai 11                    63                     –                63                      –                 –              –

243928.SH        25 Huatai 12                     10                    –                 10                     –                 –              –




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
243938.SH        25 Huatai C4                     41                    –                 41                     –                 –              –

243939.SH        25 Huatai C5                      9                    –                 6                      3                 –              –

243945.SH        25 Huatai 13                    20                     –                20                      –                 –              –

243946.SH        25 Huatai 14                    20                     –                 18                     2                 –              –

244086.SH        25 Huatai 15                    32                     –                32                      –                 –              –

244087.SH        25 Huatai 16                     17                    –                 17                     –                 –              –

243981.SH        25 Huatai C6                     15                    –                 15                     –                 –              –

243982.SH        25 Huatai C7                      11                   –                  11                    –                 –              –



                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
244229.SH        25 Huatai 17                  28.3                     –              28.3                      –                 –              –

244230.SH        25 Huatai 18                    8.7                    –               8.7                      –                 –              –



                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
244380.SH        25 Hua S11                      50                     –                 –                    50                  –              –

Notes:
1. Refers to the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I) (Follow-on
Offering)
2. Refers to the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
Offering)
3. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Follow-on
Offering)
4. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Follow-on
Offering)
5. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type II)
(Follow-on Offering)
6. Refers to the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
Offering)




                                                                                                                                                        255
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Funds raised used for repayment of corporate bonds and other interest-bearing debts
                                                                                      Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                Details of
                                                                                                repayment of other
                                                                                                interest-bearing
                         Abbreviation of                                                        debts (excluding
          Code of bond   bond               Details of repayment of corporate bonds             corporate bonds)

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (21 Huatai 13) of
          242331.SH      25 Huatai G1                                                                                  –
                                            RMB1.8 billion

          242497.SH      25 Huatai G3       Repayment of corporate bonds (22 Huatai G6                                 –

          242498.SH      25 Huatai G4       and 22 Huatai G8) of RMB4.9 billion                                        –

          242532.SH      25 Huatai G5       Repayment of corporate bonds (22 Huatai 12                                 –

          242533.SH      25 Huatai G6       and 23 Huatai G1) of RMB4.7 billion                                        –

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (23 Huatai G1,
          242601.SH      25 Huatai G7                                                                                  –
                                            23 Huatai G2 and 22 Huatai G1) of RMB5.0 billion

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (22 Huatai G1)
          242602.SH      25 Huatai G8                                                                                  –
                                            of RMB3.6 billion

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (22 Huatai G1)
          242763.SH      25 Huatai S2                                                                                  –
                                            of RMB0.5 billion

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (24 Huatai S1)
          242829.SH      25 Huatai S3                                                                                  –
                                            of RMB1.0 billion

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (24 Huatai S1,
          243005.SH      25 Huatai Y1                                                                                  –
                                            20 Huatai G3 and 24 Huatai S2) of RMB5.0 billion

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (20 Huatai G4
          243404.SH      25 Huatai S4                                                                                  –
                                            and 24 Huatai S2) of RMB5.0 billion

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (24 Huatai G4)
          243436.SH      25 Huatai S5                                                                                  –
                                            of RMB2.3 billion

                         25 Huatai S5       Repayment of corporate bonds (23 Huatai G8
          243436.SH                                                                                                    –
                         (Note 1)           and 22 Huatai G4) of RMB1,002,431,000

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (24 Huatai S4)
          243495.SH      25 Huatai S6                                                                                  –
                                            of RMB2.5 billion

          243515.SH      25 Huatai S7       Repayment of corporate bonds (24 Huatai S4)                                –

          243516.SH      25 Huatai S8       of RMB3.5 billion                                                          –

                         25 Huatai S8       Repayment of corporate bonds (24 Huatai S6
          243516.SH                                                                                                    –
                         (Note 2)           and 22 Huatai G4) of RMB4,201,250,000

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (23 Huatai G8)
          243565.SH      25 Huatai C1                                                                                  –
                                            of RMB1.2 billion

                                            Repayment of corporate bonds (25 Huatai S2)
          243811.SH      25 Huatai G9                                                                                  –
                                            of RMB1.0 billion

          243927.SH      25 Huatai 11       Repayment of corporate bonds (20 Huatai C1                                 –

          243928.SH      25 Huatai 12       and 25 Huatai S7) of RMB7.3 billion                                        –

          243938.SH      25 Huatai C4       Repayment of corporate bonds (22 Huatai G5                                 –

          243939.SH      25 Huatai C5       and 25 Huatai S2) of RMB4.7 billion                                        –




256
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                        Details of
                                                                                                                        repayment of other
                                                                                                                        interest-bearing
                       Abbreviation of                                                                                  debts (excluding
Code of bond           bond                         Details of repayment of corporate bonds                             corporate bonds)

243945.SH              25 Huatai 13                 Repayment of corporate bonds (21 Huatai C1                                                    –

243946.SH              25 Huatai 14                 and 25 Huatai S2) of RMB3.8 billion                                                           –

                                                    Repayment of corporate bonds (22 Huatai
                       23 Huatai G9

                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
115347.SH                                           G5, 22 Huatai G4 and 25 Huatai S1) of                                                         –
                       (Note 3)
                                                    RMB4,503,184,000

244086.SH              25 Huatai 15                 Repayment of corporate bonds (23 Huatai 13, 21                                                –

244087.SH              25 Huatai 16                 Huatai C1 and 22 Huatai 10) of RMB4.9 billion                                                 –

243981.SH              25 Huatai C6                 Repayment of corporate bonds (23 Huatai G4                                                    –

243982.SH              25 Huatai C7                 and 22 Huatai 10) of RMB2.6 billion                                                           –

244229.SH              25 Huatai 17                                                                                                               –

                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                    Repayment of corporate bonds (21 Huatai C1) of
244230.SH              25 Huatai 18                 RMB3.7 billion                                                                                –



                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Notes:
1. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Follow-on
Offering)
2. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type II)
(Follow-on Offering)
3. Refers to the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
Offering)




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
(3) Funds raised used for replenishment of working capital (excluding temporary replenishment of
working capital)

Code of bond              Abbreviation of bond                  Details of replenishment of working capital

242235.SH                 25 Huatai S1                          Replenishment of operating funds

242497.SH                 25 Huatai G3 (Note 1)                 Replenishment of working capital

242533.SH                 25 Huatai G6 (Note 2)                 Replenishment of working capital

242763.SH                 25 Huatai S2                          Partially used for replenishment of working capital

242829.SH                 25 Huatai S3                          Partially used for replenishment of working capital



                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
242829.SH                 25 Huatai S3 (Note 3)                 Replenishment of working capital

242910.SH                 Huatai KC01                           Partially used for replenishment of working capital




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
243436.SH                 25 Huatai S5                          Partially used for replenishment of working capital

243436.SH                 25 Huatai S5 (Note 4)                 Partially used for replenishment of working capital

243495.SH                 25 Huatai S6                          Partially used for replenishment of working capital

243516.SH                 25 Huatai S8                          Partially used for replenishment of working capital

243516.SH                 25 Huatai S8 (Note 5)                 Partially used for replenishment of working capital

243538.SH                 25 Huatai S9                          Replenishment of working capital

243539.SH                 25 Hua S10                            Replenishment of working capital

259914.SH                 25 Huatai F1                          Replenishment of operating funds




                                                                                                                                                        257
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Code of bond              Abbreviation of bond                  Details of replenishment of working capital

          243745.SH                 25 Huatai C2                          Replenishment of working capital

          280045.SH                 25 Huatai D1                          Replenishment of operating funds

          280046.SH                 25 Huatai F2                          Replenishment of operating funds

          243811.SH                 25 Huatai G9                          Partially used for replenishment of working capital

          243854.SH                 25 Huatai C3                          Replenishment of working capital

          280287.SH                 25 Huatai D2                          Replenishment of operating funds

          280292.SH                 25 Huatai F3                          Replenishment of operating funds

          243939.SH                 25 Huatai C5                          Partially used for replenishment of working capital

          243946.SH                 25 Huatai 14                          Partially used for replenishment of working capital

          115347.SH                 23 Huatai G9 (Note 6)                 Partially used for replenishment of working capital

          244380.SH                 25 Hua S11                            Replenishment of working capital

          Notes:
          1. Refers to the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          2. Refers to the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          3. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          4. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          5. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type II)
          (Follow-on Offering)
          6. Refers to the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
          Offering)




          (4) Proceeds not used for designated projects.

          (5) Proceeds used for other usages


          Code of bond              Abbreviation of bond                  Details of other usages

                                                                          Partially used for replacement of previous investments
                                                                          in the field of technological innovation and the support
          242910.SH                 Huatai KC01
                                                                          of technological innovation businesses through fund
                                                                          investments




258
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(6) Proceeds used for temporary replenishment of working capital
                                                                              Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB



                           Amount of
                           temporary
                           replenishment of     Details of the temporary replenishment of working capital,
                           working capital      including but not limited to its usage, commencement
Code of     Abbreviation   during the           date and repayment date, and implementation
bond        of bond        Reporting Period     procedure


                                                                                                                              About Us
                                                The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                capital from this bond issuance was RMB1.20125 billion,
                                                which was used for interbank DVP settlement, with
            25 Huatai S8                        commencement date on August 26, 2025 and repayment
243516.SH                  RMB1.20125 billion
            (Note 1)                            date on September 3, 2025, and was implemented after
                                                review by the Company’s capital management decision-
                                                making meeting and approval by the chief financial
                                                officer



                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                capital from this bond issuance was RMB502.431
                                                million, which was used for interbank DVP settlement,


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
            25 Huatai S5                        with commencement date on September 1, 2025
243436.SH                  RMB502.431 million
            (Note 2)                            and repayment date on September 3, 2025, and was
                                                implemented after review by the Company’s capital
                                                management decision-making meeting and approval by
                                                the chief financial officer

                                                The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                capital from this bond issuance was RMB1.0 billion,




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                which was used for interbank DVP settlement, with
                                                commencement date on September 18, 2025 and
243811.SH   25 Huatai G9   RMB1 billion
                                                repayment date on October 13, 2025, and was
                                                implemented after review by the Company’s capital
                                                management decision-making meeting and approval by
                                                the chief financial officer

                                                The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                capital from this bond issuance was RMB3 billion,
                                                which was used for interbank DVP settlement, with
            23 Huatai G9                        commencement date on September 24, 2025 and
115347.SH                  RMB3 billion



                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
            (Note 3)                            repayment date on October 14, 2025, and was
                                                implemented after review by the Company’s capital
                                                management decision-making meeting and approval by
                                                the chief financial officer



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
                                                The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                capital from this bond issuance was RMB7.3 billion,
243927.SH   25 Huatai 11                        which was used for interbank DVP settlement, with
                                                commencement date on October 13, 2025 and
                           RMB7.3 billion       repayment date on November 5, 2025 for RMB2.3 billion
                                                and November 11, 2025 for RMB5.0 billion, and was
                                                implemented after review by the Company’s capital
243928.SH   25 Huatai 12
                                                management decision-making meeting and approval by
                                                the chief financial officer




                                                                                                                     259
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                 Amount of
                                                 temporary
                                                 replenishment of           Details of the temporary replenishment of working capital,
                                                 working capital            including but not limited to its usage, commencement
          Code of          Abbreviation          during the                 date and repayment date, and implementation
          bond             of bond               Reporting Period           procedure

                                                                            The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                                            capital from this bond issuance was RMB2.8 billion,
          243945.SH        25 Huatai 13
                                                                            which was used for interbank DVP settlement, with
                                                                            commencement date on October 16, 2025 and repayment
                                                 RMB2.8 billion
                                                                            date on January 27, 2026, and was implemented after
                                                                            review by the Company’s capital management decision-
          243946.SH        25 Huatai 14
                                                                            making meeting and approval by the chief financial
                                                                            officer

                                                                            The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                                            capital from this bond issuance was RMB3.9 billion,
          244086.SH        25 Huatai 15
                                                                            which was used for interbank DVP settlement, with
                                                                            commencement date on November 7, 2025 and
                                                 RMB3.9 billion             repayment date on December 10, 2025 for RMB1.5
                                                                            billion and January 27, 2026 for RMB2.4 billion, and was
                                                                            implemented after review by the Company’s capital
          244087.SH        25 Huatai 16
                                                                            management decision-making meeting and approval by
                                                                            the chief financial officer

                                                                            The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                                            capital from this bond issuance was RMB2.6 billion,
          243981.SH        25 Huatai C6
                                                                            which was used for interbank DVP settlement, with
                                                                            commencement date on November 11, 2025 and
                                                 RMB2.6 billion             repayment date on December 10, 2025 for RMB500
                                                                            million and February 4, 2026 for RMB2.1 billion, and was
                                                                            implemented after review by the Company’s capital
          243982.SH        25 Huatai C7
                                                                            management decision-making meeting and approval by
                                                                            the chief financial officer

                                                                            The amount of temporary replenishment of working
                                                                            capital from this bond issuance was RMB3.7 billion,
          244229.SH        25 Huatai 17
                                                                            which was used for interbank DVP settlement, with
                                                                            commencement date on November 24, 2025 and
                                                 RMB3.7 billion
                                                                            repayment date on January 27, 2026, and was
                                                                            implemented after review by the Company’s capital
          244230.SH        25 Huatai 18
                                                                            management decision-making meeting and approval by
                                                                            the chief financial officer

          Notes:
          1. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type II)
          (Follow-on Offering)
          2. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          3. Refers to the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
          Offering)




260
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
4. Compliance of utilization of the proceeds
                                                                                               Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                           Whether the          Whether the
                                                                           actual usage         usage of the
                                                                           is consistent        proceeds        Whether the
                                                    Actual usage of the    with the agreed      and the         utilization of
                                                    proceeds as at the     usage (including     management      the proceeds
                                                    end of the Reporting   the usage            of the special  complied
                                                    Period (including      stipulated in the    account for the with local
                                                    actual utilization     prospectus and       proceeds during government
                           Agreed usage of          and temporary          the usage after      the Reporting   debt


                                                                                                                                               About Us
Code of     Abbreviation   the proceeds in the      replenishment of       compliance           Period were     management
bond        of bond        prospectus               working capital)       changes)             compliant       regulations

                                                    Fully used for
                           Replenishment of
242235.SH   25 Huatai S1                            replenishment of       Yes                  Yes               N/A
                           operating funds
                                                    operating funds

                                                    Fully used for
                           Replacement of
                                                    replacement of self-
                           self-owned funds to
                                                    owned funds to
242331.SH   25 Huatai G1   repay the principal of                          Yes                  Yes               N/A
                                                    repay the principal of
                           maturing corporate


                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                    maturing corporate
                           bonds
                                                    bonds




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                    Fully used for
242497.SH   25 Huatai G3   Replacement of
                                                    replacement of self- Yes                    Yes               N/A
                           self-owned funds to
                                                    owned funds to
                           repay the principal of
                                                    repay the principal of
                           maturing corporate
                                                    maturing corporate
242498.SH   25 Huatai G4   bonds                                           Yes                  Yes               N/A
                                                    bonds


                                                    Fully used for
            25 Huatai G3   Replenishment of
242497.SH                                           replenishment of       Yes                  Yes               N/A




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
            (note 1)       working capital
                                                    working capital

                                                    Fully used for
                           Replacement of
242532.SH   25 Huatai G5                            replacement of self- Yes                    Yes               N/A
                           self-owned funds to
                                                    owned funds to
                           repay the principal of
                                                    repay the principal of
                           maturing corporate
242533.SH   25 Huatai G6                            maturing corporate Yes                      Yes               N/A
                           bonds
                                                    bonds

                                                    Fully used for
            25 Huatai G6   Replenishment of
242533.SH                                           replenishment of       Yes                  Yes               N/A
            (note 2)       working capital
                                                    working capital

                                                    Fully used for




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                           Replacement of
                                                    replacement of self-
                           self-owned funds to
                                                    owned funds to
242601.SH   25 Huatai G7   repay the principal of                          Yes                  Yes               N/A
                                                    repay the principal of
                           maturing corporate
                                                    maturing corporate




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                           bonds
                                                    bonds

                                                    Fully used for
                           Replacement of
                                                    replacement of self-
                           self-owned funds to
                                                    owned funds to
242602.SH   25 Huatai G8   repay the principal of                          Yes                  Yes               N/A
                                                    repay the principal of
                           maturing corporate
                                                    maturing corporate
                           bonds
                                                    bonds




                                                                                                                                      261
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Whether the         Whether the
                                                                                     actual usage        usage of the
                                                                                     is consistent       proceeds        Whether the
                                                              Actual usage of the    with the agreed     and the         utilization of
                                                              proceeds as at the     usage (including    management      the proceeds
                                                              end of the Reporting   the usage           of the special  complied
                                                              Period (including      stipulated in the   account for the with local
                                                              actual utilization     prospectus and      proceeds during government
                                     Agreed usage of          and temporary          the usage after     the Reporting   debt
          Code of     Abbreviation   the proceeds in the      replenishment of       compliance          Period were     management
          bond        of bond        prospectus               working capital)       changes)            compliant       regulations

                                                              RMB500 million used
                                     Replacement of           for replacement of
                                     self-owned funds         self-owned funds to
                                     to repay the             repay the principal of
          242763.SH   25 Huatai S2   principal of maturing    maturing corporate Yes                     Yes             N/A
                                     corporate bonds and      bonds and RMB4.5
                                     replenishment of         billion used for
                                     working capital          replenishment of
                                                              working capital

                                                              RMB1.0 billion used
                                     Replacement of           for replacement of
                                     self-owned funds         self-owned funds to
                                     to repay the             repay the principal of
          242829.SH   25 Huatai S3   principal of maturing    maturing corporate Yes                     Yes             N/A
                                     corporate bonds and      bonds and RMB2.0
                                     replenishment of         billion used for
                                     working capital          replenishment of
                                                              working capital

                                                              Fully used for
                      25 Huatai S3   Replenishment of
          242829.SH                                           replenishment of       Yes                 Yes             N/A
                      (note 3)       working capital
                                                              working capital

                                                              RMB343 million used
                                                              for replacement
                                     No less than 70%         of previous
                                     of the proceeds          investments in the
                                     specifically             field of technological
                                     used to support          innovation, RMB157
                                     businesses in the        million used for
                                     field of technological   special fund
          242910.SH   Huatai KC01                                                    Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                     innovation through       investments to
                                     equity, bond and fund    support science
                                     investments, and         and technology
                                     the remainder used       innovation
                                     for replenishment of     businesses, and
                                     working capital          RMB200 million used
                                                              for replenishment of
                                                              working capital

                                                              Fully used for
                                     Replacement of
                                                              replacement of self-
                                     self-owned funds to
                                                              owned funds to
          243005.SH   25 Huatai Y1   repay the principal of                          Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                                              repay the principal of
                                     maturing corporate
                                                              maturing corporate
                                     bonds
                                                              bonds

                                                              Fully used for
                                     Replacement of
                                                              replacement of self-
                                     self-owned funds to
                                                              owned funds to
          243404.SH   25 Huatai S4   repay the principal of                          Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                                              repay the principal of
                                     maturing corporate
                                                              maturing corporate
                                     bonds
                                                              bonds




262
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                          Whether the         Whether the
                                                                          actual usage        usage of the
                                                                          is consistent       proceeds        Whether the
                                                   Actual usage of the    with the agreed     and the         utilization of
                                                   proceeds as at the     usage (including    management      the proceeds
                                                   end of the Reporting   the usage           of the special  complied
                                                   Period (including      stipulated in the   account for the with local
                                                   actual utilization     prospectus and      proceeds during government
                           Agreed usage of         and temporary          the usage after     the Reporting   debt
Code of     Abbreviation   the proceeds in the     replenishment of       compliance          Period were     management
bond        of bond        prospectus              working capital)       changes)            compliant       regulations



                                                                                                                                        About Us
                                                   RMB2.3 billion used
                           Replacement of          for replacement of
                           self-owned funds        self-owned funds to
                           to repay the            repay the principal of
243436.SH   25 Huatai S5   principal of maturing   maturing corporate Yes                     Yes             N/A
                           corporate bonds and     bonds and RMB2.7
                           replenishment of        billion used for
                           working capital         replenishment of
                                                   working capital

                                                   RMB1.002 billion used


                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                           Repayment of            for repayment of
                           principal of maturing   principal of maturing
            25 Huatai S5
243436.SH                  corporate bonds and     corporate bonds, and Yes                   Yes             N/A


                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
            (note 4)
                           replenishment of        RMB300 million used
                           working capital         for replenishment of
                                                   working capital

                                                   RMB2.5 billion used
                           Replacement of          for replacement of
                           self-owned funds        self-owned funds to
                           to repay the            repay the principal of
243495.SH   25 Huatai S6   principal of maturing   maturing corporate Yes                     Yes             N/A




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                           corporate bonds and     bonds, and RMB2.5
                           replenishment of        billion used for
                           working capital         replenishment of
                                                   working capital

                                                   RMB3.5 billion used
                           Replacement of          for replacement of
                           self-owned funds        self-owned funds to
                           to repay the            repay the principal of
243515.SH   25 Huatai S7   principal of maturing   maturing corporate Yes                     Yes             N/A
                           corporate bonds and     bonds and RMB1.5
                           replenishment of        billion used for
                           working capital         replenishment of




                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                   working capital

                                                   RMB4.201 billion used
                           Repayment of            for repayment of
                           principal of maturing   principal of maturing




                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
            25 Huatai S8
243516.SH                  corporate bonds and     corporate bonds and Yes                    Yes             N/A
            (note 5)
                           replenishment of        RMB800 million used
                           working capital         for replenishment of
                                                   working capital

                           Replacement of
                                                   Fully used for
                           self-owned funds
                                                   replacement of self-
                           to repay the
                                                   owned funds to
243565.SH   25 Huatai C1   principal of maturing                          Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                                   repay the principal of
                           corporate bonds and
                                                   maturing corporate
                           replenishment of
                                                   bonds
                           working capital




                                                                                                                               263
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                    Whether the         Whether the
                                                                                    actual usage        usage of the
                                                                                    is consistent       proceeds        Whether the
                                                             Actual usage of the    with the agreed     and the         utilization of
                                                             proceeds as at the     usage (including    management      the proceeds
                                                             end of the Reporting   the usage           of the special  complied
                                                             Period (including      stipulated in the   account for the with local
                                                             actual utilization     prospectus and      proceeds during government
                                     Agreed usage of         and temporary          the usage after     the Reporting   debt
          Code of     Abbreviation   the proceeds in the     replenishment of       compliance          Period were     management
          bond        of bond        prospectus              working capital)       changes)            compliant       regulations

          243538.SH   25 Huatai S9                           Fully used for         Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                     Replenishment of
                                                             replenishment of
          243539.SH   25 Hua S10     working capital                                Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                                             working capital

                                                             Fully used for
                                     Replenishment of
          259914.SH   25 Huatai F1                           replenishment of       Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                     operating funds
                                                             operating funds

                                     Repayment of
                                     principal of maturing   Fully used for
          243745.SH   25 Huatai C2   corporate bonds and     replenishment of       Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                     replenishment of        working capital
                                     working capital

          280045.SH   25 Huatai D1                           Fully used for         Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                     Replenishment of
                                                             replenishment of
          280046.SH   25 Huatai F2   operating funds                                Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                                             operating funds

                                                             RMB1.0 billion used
                                     Replenishment of        for repayment of
                                     working capital         principal of maturing
          243811.SH   25 Huatai G9   and repayment of        corporate bonds, and Yes                   Yes             N/A
                                     principal of maturing   RMB3.0 billion used
                                     corporate bonds         for replenishment of
                                                             working capital

                                     Replenishment of
                                     working capital,
                                     replacement of self-
                                     owned funds to
                                                             Fully used for
                                     repay the principal
          243854.SH   25 Huatai C3                           replenishment of       Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                     of maturing
                                                             working capital
                                     corporate bonds,
                                     and repayment of
                                     principal of maturing
                                     corporate bonds

          280287.SH   25 Huatai D2                           Fully used for         Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                     Replenishment of
                                                             replenishment of
          280292.SH   25 Huatai F3   operating funds                                Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                                             operating funds

          243927.SH   25 Huatai 11                           Fully used for        Yes                  Yes             N/A
                                     Repayment of
                                                             repayment of
                                     principal of maturing
          243928.SH   25 Huatai 12                           principal of maturing Yes                  Yes             N/A
                                     corporate bonds
                                                             corporate bonds




264
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                          Whether the         Whether the
                                                                          actual usage        usage of the
                                                                          is consistent       proceeds        Whether the
                                                   Actual usage of the    with the agreed     and the         utilization of
                                                   proceeds as at the     usage (including    management      the proceeds
                                                   end of the Reporting   the usage           of the special  complied
                                                   Period (including      stipulated in the   account for the with local
                                                   actual utilization     prospectus and      proceeds during government
                           Agreed usage of         and temporary          the usage after     the Reporting   debt
Code of     Abbreviation   the proceeds in the     replenishment of       compliance          Period were     management
bond        of bond        prospectus              working capital)       changes)            compliant       regulations



                                                                                                                                        About Us
                                                   RMB1.7 billion used
                                                   for replacement of
                           Replenishment of
                                                   self-owned funds to
243938.SH   25 Huatai C4   working capital,                               Yes                 Yes             N/A
                                                   repay the principal of
                           replacement of self-
                                                   maturing corporate
                           owned funds to
                                                   bonds, RMB3.0 billion
                           repay the principal
                                                   used for repayment
                           of maturing
                                                   of principal of
                           corporate bonds,
                                                   maturing corporate
                           and repayment of
243939.SH   25 Huatai C5                           bonds, and RMB300      Yes                 Yes             N/A
                           principal of maturing


                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                   million used for
                           corporate bonds
                                                   replenishment of
                                                   working capital



                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                   RMB1.0 billion used
                                                   for repayment of
243945.SH   25 Huatai 13                           principal of maturing Yes                  Yes             N/A
                           Repayment of            corporate bonds,
                           principal of maturing   RMB2.8 billion used
                           corporate bonds and     for temporary
                           replenishment of        replenishment of
                           working capital         working capital, and
243946.SH   25 Huatai 14                           RMB200 million used Yes                    Yes             N/A




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                                   for replenishment of
                                                   working capital

                                                   RMB4.503 billion used
                           Repayment of            for repayment of
                           principal of maturing   principal of maturing
            23 Huatai G9
115347.SH                  corporate bonds and     corporate bonds, and Yes                   Yes             N/A
            (note 6)
                           replenishment of        RMB800 million used
                           working capital         for replenishment of
                                                   working capital

                                                   RMB2.5 billion used
244086.SH   25 Huatai 15                           for repayment of      Yes                  Yes             N/A




                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                   principal of maturing
                           Repayment of
                                                   corporate bonds
                           principal of maturing
                                                   and RMB2.4 billion
                           corporate bonds
                                                   used for temporary
244087.SH   25 Huatai 16                                                 Yes                  Yes             N/A




                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                                                   replenishment of
                                                   working capital

                                                   RMB500 million used
                                                   for repayment of
243981.SH   25 Huatai C6                                                 Yes                  Yes             N/A
                                                   principal of maturing
                           Repayment of
                                                   corporate bonds
                           principal of maturing
                                                   and RMB2.1 billion
                           corporate bonds
                                                   used for temporary
243982.SH   25 Huatai C7                           replenishment of      Yes                  Yes             N/A
                                                   working capital




                                                                                                                               265
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                     Whether the         Whether the
                                                                                                     actual usage        usage of the
                                                                                                     is consistent       proceeds        Whether the
                                                                         Actual usage of the         with the agreed     and the         utilization of
                                                                         proceeds as at the          usage (including    management      the proceeds
                                                                         end of the Reporting        the usage           of the special  complied
                                                                         Period (including           stipulated in the   account for the with local
                                                                         actual utilization          prospectus and      proceeds during government
                                            Agreed usage of              and temporary               the usage after     the Reporting   debt
          Code of         Abbreviation      the proceeds in the          replenishment of            compliance          Period were     management
          bond            of bond           prospectus                   working capital)            changes)            compliant       regulations

          244229.SH       25 Huatai 17                                   RMB3.7 billion used         Yes                 Yes                N/A
                                            Repayment of
                                                                         for temporary
                                            principal of maturing
                                                                         replenishment of
          244230.SH       25 Huatai 18      corporate bonds                                          Yes                 Yes                N/A
                                                                         working capital

                                                                         Fully used for
                                            Replenishment of
          244380.SH       25 Hua S11                                     replenishment of            Yes                 Yes                N/A
                                            working capital
                                                                         working capital


          Notes:
          1. Refers to the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          2. Refers to the 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          3. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          4. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Follow-on
          Offering)
          5. Refers to the 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type II)
          (Follow-on Offering)
          6. Refers to the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II) (Follow-on
          Offering)



          The management and utilization of the accounts of the proceeds were in compliance with the regulations
          and there was no violation of laws and regulations during the Reporting Period.




266
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(IV) Other matters to be disclosed in respect of special types of bonds

1. The Company being an issuer of renewable corporate bonds
                                                                        Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


Code of bond                      188785.SH

Abbreviation of bond              21 Huatai Y1

Balance of bond                   30


                                                                                                                        About Us
Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                  Not triggered

Interest deferral                 Not triggered

                                  The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                  reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                  interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                  on the bonds on time and in full

Whether included in equity                                                                                           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
and corresponding accounting      Yes
treatment

Other matters                     No




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Code of bond                      188942.SH

Abbreviation of bond              21 Huatai Y2

Balance of bond                   50

Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                  Not triggered

Interest deferral                 Not triggered




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                  The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                  reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                  interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                  on the bonds on time and in full



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Whether included in equity
and corresponding accounting      Yes
treatment

Other matters                     No




                                                                                                               267
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Code of bond                      185019.SH

          Abbreviation of bond              21 Huatai Y3

          Balance of bond                   20

          Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

          Interest step-up                  Not triggered

          Interest deferral                 Not triggered

                                            The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                            reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
          Enforcement of interest payment
                                            interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                            on the bonds on time and in full

          Whether included in equity
          and corresponding accounting      Yes
          treatment

          Other matters                     No




          Code of bond                      185337.SH

          Abbreviation of bond              22 Huatai Y1

          Balance of bond                   27

          Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

          Interest step-up                  Not triggered

          Interest deferral                 Not triggered

                                            The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                            reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
          Enforcement of interest payment
                                            interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                            on the bonds on time and in full

          Whether included in equity
          and corresponding accounting      Yes
          treatment

          Other matters                     No




268
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Code of bond                      185388.SH

Abbreviation of bond              22 Huatai Y2

Balance of bond                   30

Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                  Not triggered

Interest deferral                 Not triggered


                                                                                                                 About Us
                                  The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                  reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                  interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                  on the bonds on time and in full

Whether included in equity
and corresponding accounting      Yes
treatment



                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Other matters                     No




                                                                                                               and Strategies


Code of bond                      137604.SH

Abbreviation of bond              22 Huatai Y3




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Balance of bond                   35

Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                  Not triggered

Interest deferral                 Not triggered

                                  The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                  reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                  interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                  on the bonds on time and in full




                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Whether included in equity
and corresponding accounting      Yes
treatment




                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Other matters                     No




                                                                                                        269
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Code of bond                      115931.SH

          Abbreviation of bond              23 Huatai Y1

          Balance of bond                   25

          Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

          Interest step-up                  Not triggered

          Interest deferral                 Not triggered

                                            The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                            reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
          Enforcement of interest payment
                                            interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                            on the bonds on time and in full

          Whether included in equity
          and corresponding accounting      Yes
          treatment

          Other matters                     No




          Code of bond                      240109.SH

          Abbreviation of bond              23 Huatai Y2

          Balance of bond                   40

          Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

          Interest step-up                  Not triggered

          Interest deferral                 Not triggered

                                            The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                            reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
          Enforcement of interest payment
                                            interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                            on the bonds on time and in full

          Whether included in equity
          and corresponding accounting      Yes
          treatment

          Other matters                     No




270
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Code of bond                      242041.SH

Abbreviation of bond              24 Huatai Y1

Balance of bond                   26

Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                  Not triggered

Interest deferral                 Not triggered


                                                                                                                  About Us
                                  The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                  reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                  interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                  on the bonds on time and in full

Whether included in equity
and corresponding accounting      Yes
treatment



                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
Other matters                     No




                                                                                                                and Strategies


Code of bond                      243005.SH

Abbreviation of bond              25 Huatai Y1




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
Balance of bond                   50

Renewal                           The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                  Not triggered

Interest deferral                 Not triggered

                                  The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                  reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment   interest payment date, and the issuer fully accrued current
                                  interests on the bonds. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there
                                  was no interest payment date due for the bonds



                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Whether included in equity
and corresponding accounting      Yes




                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
treatment

Other matters                     No




                                                                                                         271
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. The Company being an issuer of science and technology innovation corporate bonds or
          innovation and entrepreneurship corporate bonds
                                                                                         Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                           □ Science and technology innovation enterprise
                                                           □ Science and technology innovation and upgrade
          Issuer category for this bond                    □ Science and technology innovation and investment
                                                           □ Science and technology innovation and incubation
                                                           √ Financial institution

          Code of bond                                     242910.SH

          Abbreviation of bond                             Huatai KC01

          Balance of bond                                  7

          Progress of science and technology
                                                           N/A
          innovation projects

          Effectiveness in promoting the
          development of science and technology            N/A
          innovation

          Operations of fund products (if any)             –

          Other matters                                    None



          3. The Company had no matters on other special types of corporate bonds.

          (V) Major events in relation to corporate bonds during the Reporting Period

          1. Non-operating transaction appropriation and capital placements

          (1) Balance and breakdown of non-operating transaction appropriation and capital placements

          As at the beginning of the Reporting Period, receivable balance of the transaction appropriation to other
          parties that was not directly attributable to operating activities and the capital placements (the “non-
          operating transaction appropriation and capital placements”) of the Group was RMB251,100;

          During the Reporting Period, the non-operating transaction appropriation and capital placements increased
          by RMB0 and recovered RMB251,100.

          During the Reporting Period, there was no non-compliance of non-operating transaction appropriation and
          capital placements by the Group with relevant agreements or commitments as set out in the prospectuses.

          As at the end of the Reporting Period, total outstanding non-operating transaction appropriation and capital
          placements of the Group amounted to RMB0 million, and its percentage to the net assets on a consolidated
          basis was 0%, which did not exceed 10% of the net assets on a consolidated basis.

          (2) Implementation of payback arrangements disclosed in previous reporting periods

          The Group did not involve in any payback arrangements in previous reporting periods.




272
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2. Liabilities

(1) Interest-bearing debts and changes therein

1.1 Debt structure of the Company

As at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, the interest-bearing debt balance of the Company
was RMB250.918 billion and RMB378.680 billion, respectively. The interest-bearing debt balance as at the end
of the Reporting Period increased by 50.92% as compared to the beginning of the Reporting Period.



                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                                                                         Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                      Expiry period                                                            Proportion
Type of interest-                                                                                                            of amount to
                                                                                                    Total amount
bearing debts                                           Within 1 year            Over 1 year                             interest-bearing
                                     Overdue
                                                           (inclusive)            (exclusive)                                   debts (%)

Corporate credit
                                               –                 910.46                 892.57             1,803.03                   47.61%
bonds

Bank loans                                     –                       –                      –                    –                        –


                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Loans from non-
bank financial                                 –                       –                      –                    –                        –


                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
institutions

Other interest-
                                               –               1,946.75                  37.02             1,983.77                  52.39%
bearing debts

Total                                          –                2,857.21               929.59             3,786.80                          –


Notes:




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
1. Other interest-bearing debts include placement from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and etc.
2. The above interest-bearing debts exclude perpetual subordinated bonds that were included in other equity instruments with closing principal
amount of RMB33.3 billion and opening principal amount of RMB28.3 billion.




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                  273
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Among the corporate credit bonds of the Company in duration as at the end of the Reporting Period, the
          balance of corporate bonds was RMB180.303 billion.

          1.2 Interest-bearing debt structure of the Group

          As at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, the interest-bearing debt balance of the Group
          were RMB303.827 billion and RMB453.423 billion, respectively. The interest-bearing debt balance as at the
          end of the Reporting Period increased by 49.24% as compared to the beginning of the Reporting Period.


                                                                                                                Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                              Expiry period                                                          Proportion
          Type of interest-                                                                                                        of amount to
                                                                                                           Total amount
          bearing debts                                          Within 1 year           Over 1 year                           interest-bearing
                                              Overdue
                                                                    (inclusive)           (exclusive)                                 debts (%)

          Corporate credit
                                                       –                 1,173.02              963.24             2,136.26                   47.11%
          bonds

          Bank loans                                   –                  216.48                    1.71             218.19                   4.81%

          Loans from non-
          bank financial                               –                       –                      –                   –                       –
          institutions

          Other interest-
                                                       –                2,142.42                 37.36            2,179.78                 48.07%
          bearing debts

          Total                                        –                3,531.92               1,002.31          4,534.23                         –

          Notes:
          1. Other interest-bearing debts include placements from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and
          other items.
          2. The above interest-bearing debts exclude perpetual subordinated bonds that were included in other equity instruments with the closing
          principal amount of RMB33.3 billion and opening principal amount of RMB28.3 billion.


          Among the corporate credit bonds of the Group in duration as at the end of the Reporting Period, the
          balance of corporate bonds was RMB180.328 billion.

          1.3 Offshore bonds

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of offshore bonds issued by the Group was RMB33.299
          billion.

          (2) As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had no overdue interest-bearing debts or
          corporate credit bonds with an overdue amount of more than RMB10 million.

          (3) Prioritized repayments of liabilities against any third person

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were no prioritized repayments of liabilities by the Group against
          any third person.

          3. Changes to Information Disclosure Management Systems During the Reporting Period

          No changes occurred to the information disclosure management systems during the Reporting Period.

          (VI) During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any non-financial
          corporate debt financing instruments in the inter-bank bond market

          (VII) During the Reporting Period, the Group did not record a loss in the consolidated




274
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
statements exceeding 10% of the net assets at the end of the previous year

(VIII) Interest-bearing debt (other than bonds) overdue at the end of the Reporting
Period

The Company enjoyed a good reputation, and repaid matured debts and paid interests on time without
any overdue debts during the Reporting Period.

For details of the issuance and payment of interest for corporate bonds and debt financing instruments,
please refer to “The Issuance and Listing of Securities” under “Changes in Shares and Shareholders” in this


                                                                                                                                               About Us
report and “Interest payment for bonds during the Reporting Period” in this section.

(IX) The impacts of non-compliance with laws and regulations, the Articles of
Association, the management measures for information disclosure and violation of
relevant covenants or undertakings in the prospectuses for bonds on the interests
of bond investors during the Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company complied with laws and regulations, the Articles of Association
and the management measures for information disclosure, strictly performed its obligations of information

                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
disclosure and paid the interest for the bonds on time to protect the legitimate interests of investors. The
Company strictly performed the relevant covenants or undertakings in the prospectus for corporate bonds,


                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
and the usage of the Proceeds was in line with the covenants in the prospectus. During the Reporting Period,
the Company did not default on the redemption or interest payment of issued bonds, and operated stably
with satisfactory earnings and there was no risk of the Company failing to make payments on time in the
future.

(X) Accounting data and financial indicators of the Company for the past two years
up to the end of the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Year-on-year            Reason for the
Primary indicators                                    2025                   2024          change (%)                 change

Net profit after extraordinary
profit and loss attributable                                                                                Due to the increase
                                                16,268,217           9,033,781                    80.08
to shareholders of the listed                                                                                        in revenue
company

Current ratio                                          1.25                   1.46               (14.38)                        –




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Quick ratio                                            1.25                   1.46               (14.38)                        –

                                                                                        Increase of 5.72
Gearing ratio (%)                                    75.25               69.53                                                  –
                                                                                     percentage points



                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                                      Decrease of 2.05
EBITDA to total debt ratio (%)                        5.95                   8.00                                               –
                                                                                     percentage points

Times interest earned                                  3.02                  2.53                  19.37                        –

Times cash-interest earned                          (5.76)                   4.07                   N/A                         –

Times interest earned of EBITDA                        3.19                   2.71                  17.71                       –

Loan repayment ratio (%)                                100                   100                  0.00                         –

Interest payment ratio (%)                              100                   100                  0.00                         –

Note: Customers’ funds are not included in the above-mentioned indicators.




                                                                                                                                      275
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          II. THE COMPANY HAD NO CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS
          DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

          III. STRUCTURED NOTES

          (I) Matters on structured notes

          In 2024, the Company issued a total of 2,891 structured notes through the China Securities Institutional
          Trading & Quotation System and OTC market, with a total issuance amount of RMB32.061 billion. As of
          December 31, 2024, 372 structured notes continued to exist with a total scale of RMB20.241 billion.

          In 2025, the Company issued a total of 1,179 structured notes through the China Securities Institutional
          Trading & Quotation System and OTC market, with a total issuance amount of RMB64.929 billion. A total of
          1,184 structured notes were paid, with a total payment amount of RMB47.351 billion. During the Reporting
          Period, all the maturing structured notes of the Company were paid as agreed. As of December 31, 2025, 367
          structured notes continued to exist with a total scale of RMB37.819 billion.

          (II) Major events

          During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly implemented the requirements under the Guidelines on
          Information Disclosure of Structured Notes of Securities Companies (《證券公司收益憑證信息披露指引》), and
          details of disclosures of relevant major events can be found in “Appendix IV. Information Disclosures Index”.




276
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(III) Risks

1. Company credit risks

The Company has a robust organizational structure, a sound decision-making authorization system and
a rigorous internal control system. During the Reporting Period, the Company operated in compliance with
regulations, enjoyed a good reputation as well as strong capital strength, profitability and debt repayment
ability.

2. Liquidity risks

                                                                                                                        About Us
The Company has incorporated structured notes into its overall debt financing management, made uniform
arrangements for the financing limit and maturity structure, and established a unified limit authorization
and management mechanism at the corporate level to conduct daily monitoring on liquidity gaps to
ensure the Company’s liquidity safety. During the Reporting Period, the liquidity of the Company was in good
condition and maturing structured notes were paid on time without any liquidity risk.

3. Other risks

The Company has issued floating structured notes, and part of the embedded derivatives have been


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
integrated into the Company’s derivatives risk control system for unified management in all aspects of
derivatives design, hedging transactions, risk exposure and limit management.


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Details of risks of the Company can be found in “Potential risks” under “Discussion and Analysis of the
Company’s Future Development” of “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report”.




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                               277
Financial Report
and Documents for
Inspection
280   Independent Auditor's Report

287   Annual Financial Report

437   Index of Documents for Inspection

437   Information Disclosure of Securities Companies

438   Appendix
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
          TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
          (A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)


           Opinion

          We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the "Company") and its subsidiaries
          (collectively referred to as the "Group") set out on pages 287 to 436, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
          position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss
          and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
          flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
          information and other explanatory information.

          In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
          Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
          then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS Accounting Standards") issued by the
          International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
          requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



           Basis for Opinion

          We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing ("ISAs"). Our responsibilities under those
          standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
          Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
          ("IESBA Code"), as applicable to audits of the financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other
          ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
          and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



           Key Audit Matters

          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
          opinion on these matters.




280
                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025

                                    Valuations of financial instruments classified under the fair value hierarchy as level 3


                            The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter



The fair value of the Group's financial instruments is mainly based on           Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
active market quoted prices or valuation techniques. For level 3 financial
instruments, including debt instruments, unlisted equity investments, private    • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to
equity funds and over-the-counter derivative financial instruments, the Group    the valuation of level 3 financial instruments and testing the operating
uses valuation techniques to measure fair values.                                effectiveness of these controls;

As disclosed in Note 62 to the consolidated financial statements, as at 31       • Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models used by the



                                                                                                                                                                              About Us
December 2025, the fair value of the Group's level 3 financial assets and        management for level 3 financial instruments;
financial liabilities amounted to RMB 8,166 million and RMB 12,691 million,
respectively.                                                                    • On a sample basis, reading the investment agreements to understand the
                                                                                 relevant investment terms, identifying any conditions that were relevant to the
We identified valuation of level 3 financial instruments as a key audit matter   valuations of these financial instruments and assessing the application in the
because the amount involved was significant and the selection of valuation       valuation;
techniques and determination of unobservable inputs required significant
judgements and estimations.                                                      • Evaluating, on a sample basis, the appropriateness of the significant
                                                                                 unobservable and observable inputs which were used for measuring the fair
                                                                                 value of level 3 financial instruments;

                                                                                 • On a sample basis, assessing the reasonableness of the valuation results
                                                                                 for level 3 financial instruments, with the involvement of our internal valuation




                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                 experts.




                                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                     281
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Measurement of expected credit losses ("ECL") for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed lendings


                                      The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter



          The Group uses an expected credit loss ("ECL") model to determine the loss        Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
          allowance for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed lendings.
                                                                                            • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to the
          The management exercised significant judgements and estimations in its            measurement of ECL for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed
          assessment of ECL allowance of margin accounts receivable and securities-         lendings and testing the operating effectiveness of these controls;
          backed lendings. They included the determination of staging of the relevant
          financial assets whether the credit risk had increased significantly and credit   • Evaluating the appropriateness of the ECL model, the critical assumptions
          impairment events had occurred; the determination of key parameters               and parameters used in the model with the involvement of our internal
          used in the ECL model, including loss rate, exposure at default and forward-      experts;
          looking information for Stage 1 and 2 financial assets; the determination of
          recoverable amount in respect of Stage 3 financial assets based on value of       • Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria for significant increase in
          collateral and repayment ability of borrowers.                                    credit risk ("SICR") and financial assets that were credit impaired determined
                                                                                            by management and, on a sample basis, testing the application of such
          As at 31 December 2025, the Group held margin accounts receivable of RMB          criteria to individual margin accounts receivable and securities-backed
          188,385 million, less impairment allowance of RMB 2,370 million as disclosed      lendings;
          in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements and securities-backed
          lendings of RMB 5,767 million, less impairment allowance of RMB 492 million as    • Examining the correctness of major inputs to the ECL model for selected
          disclosed in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.                    samples, including exposure at default and loss rate, and the mathematical
                                                                                            accuracy of the calculation of ECL;
          We identified the measurement of ECL for the Group's margin accounts
          receivable and securities-backed lendings as a key audit matter due to the        • For credit-impaired financial assets, on a sample basis, assessing the
          significance of these assets to the Group's consolidated financial statements     reasonableness of expected credit losses made by management based
          and the significant management estimations and judgments required in the          on repayment ability of borrowers, value of collateral and other credit
          measurement.                                                                      enhancements, as appropriate.




282
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025

                                                                 Consolidation of structured entities


                             The Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter



The Group held interests as investor and/or acted as investment manager in           Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
various structured entities including asset management schemes, investment
funds and partnerships. As disclosed in Note 57, as at 31 December 2025,             • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to the
the total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB             consolidation of structured entities and testing the operating effectiveness of
62,418 million and the total assets of the unconsolidated structured entities        these controls;
sponsored by the Group amounted to RMB 778,286 million, respectively.
                                                                                     • Selecting samples to perform the following audit procedures:



                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
The Group consolidated the structured entities which it controlled. The
principle of control sets out the following three elements of control: (a) power     - Checking agreements relating to the structured entity and understanding
over the investee; (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from involvement     the purpose of its set up; assessing the appropriateness of the Group's
with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect      judgement on the power the Group had over the structured entity according
the amount of the investor's returns. The Group considered its power, arising        to the Group's rights and obligations under different transaction structures
from the rights entitled directly or indirectly, over the structured entities, and   and its involvement with the structured entity;
assessed whether the combination of investments it held together with its
remuneration created exposure to variability of returns from the structured          - verifying the analysis on the Group's variable return which included, but
entities that are of such significance that it indicated the Group controlled the    was not limited to, fixed management fees and performance fees obtained
structured entities and should consolidated these structured entities.               through acting as asset manager, as well as the returns obtained from
                                                                                     holding an interest in a structured entity;
We identified consolidation of structured entities as a key audit matter due
to the significant judgments applied by the management in determining                - analysing the scope of the Group's decision-making power over the




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
whether a structured entity was required to be consolidated by the Group             structured entity, the substantive rights held by other participants, the level
and the significance of the impact arising from consolidating these                  of remuneration obtained from providing asset management services and
structured entities to the Group's consolidated financial statements as a            the risk of variable return borne by holding other interests in the structured




                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
whole.                                                                               entity and, checking the Group's analysis on the magnitude and variability of
                                                                                     variable return, assessing whether the Group acts as principal or agent in the
                                                                                     structured entities;

                                                                                     - assessing the management's judgment on the consolidation of structured
                                                                                     entities through carrying out the above procedures.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                       283
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Other Information

          The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
          included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

          Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
          of assurance conclusion thereon.

          In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
          in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
          or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
          performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
          We have nothing to report in this regard.


          Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
          Financial Statements

          The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
          true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of
          the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
          preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

          In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to
          continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
          basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
          alternative but to do so.

          Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.


          Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

          Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
          free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion
          solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
          responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
          level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
          misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
          the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
          consolidated financial statements.




284
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related                       About Us
disclosures made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
manner that achieves fair presentation.

• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We
are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   285
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
          the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
          audit.

          We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
          requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
          reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
          safeguards applied.

          From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
          significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
          matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
          matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
          because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
          such communication.

          The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Chu Wai Chung.




          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

          Certified Public Accountants
          Hong Kong



          30 March 2026




286
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025


ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2025                                       2024
                                                               Notes
                                                                                                                           (Restated)



Revenue

  Fee and commission income                                     4                19,564,646                                  17,259,336

  Interest income                                               5                 13,913,370                                 13,560,994

  Net investment gains                                          6                13,828,725                                   14,413,799

                                                                                 47,306,741                                  45,234,129




                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
  Other income and (losses) / gains                              7                  (87,137)                                   1,104,152

Total revenue, gains and other income                                            47,219,604                                  46,338,281




                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
  Fee and commission expenses                                   8               (5,167,934)                                  (4,310,977)

  Interest expenses                                             9                (9,517,831)                               (10,856,424)

  Staff costs                                                   10               (9,771,202)                                (10,074,621)

  Depreciation and amortisation expenses                        11               (1,461,102)                                  (1,774,611)

  Tax and surcharges                                            12                (218,473)                                    (179,417)

  Other operating expenses                                      13              (5,441,604)                                 (5,897,575)
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of
                                                                14
    reversal                                                                      (593,714)                                  (246,269)
Total expenses                                                                  (32,171,860)                               (33,339,894)




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Operating profit                                                                 15,047,744                                  12,998,387

  Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                3,356,895                                   2,353,953
Profit before income tax                                                         18,404,639                                  15,352,340
  Income tax expense                                            15              (2,031,885)                                     166,534
Profit for the year                                                              16,372,754                                  15,518,874
Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company                                                    16,383,497                                   15,351,162

  Non-controlling interests                                                        (10,743)                                      167,712

                                                                                 16,372,754                                  15,518,874

Earnings per share (Expressed in Renminbi per share)            19




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
  - Basic                                                                               1.73                                        1.62

  - Diluted                                                                             1.73                                        1.62




                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 297 to 436 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            287
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                          OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                              Note                2025                                       2024



          Profit for the year                                                                16,372,754                                  15,518,874



          Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year



            Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
           Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
             income/(expense)
              - Net change in fair value                                                       1,149,468                                       (15)

              - Income tax impact                                                             (124,870)                                          97



            Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
             Net (loss)/gain from debt instruments at fair value through
                                                                                             (568,389)                                       58,221
                other comprehensive income
             Fair value gain/(loss) on hedging instruments designated in
                                                                                                44,844                                     (83,916)
              cash flow hedges
             Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint
                                                                                              (178,833)                                    367,987
               ventures
             Exchange differences on translation of financial statements in
                                                                                              (570,295)                                     267,501
               foreign currencies
             Income tax impact                                                                   142,511                                    (12,120)
          Other comprehensive (expense)/income for the year,net of
                                                                               18
            income tax                                                                        (105,564)                                    597,755
          Total comprehensive income for the year                                             16,267,190                                  16,116,629



          Attributable to:

            Shareholders of the Company                                                       16,277,728                                 15,985,388
            Non-controlling interests                                                          (10,538)                                      131,241
          Total                                                                               16,267,190                                  16,116,629




          The notes on pages 297 to 436 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




288
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                         FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                Notes                    2025                                       2024




                                                                                                                                                       About Us
Non-current assets

 Property and equipment                                          20                  6,749,551                                   6,489,412

 Investment properties                                           21                     178,018                                     182,131

 Goodwill                                                        22                    249,707                                      51,342

 Land-use rights and other intangible assets                     23                   2,135,007                                 2,035,899

 Interests in associates                                         25                 22,285,733                                  21,446,915

 Interests in joint ventures                                     26                   1,344,777                                    999,113

 Debt instruments at amortised cost                              27                 42,557,169                                 40,854,764

 Financial assets held under resale agreements                   30                    1,117,472                                   199,610



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                 28                 38,412,576                                  5,938,076
   income
 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive




                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                                 29                  14,613,478                                    125,860
   income
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           31                  6,072,976                                   5,292,149

 Refundable deposits                                             32                 49,391,627                                  33,451,298

 Deferred tax assets                                             33                   2,413,051                                   1,591,926

 Other non-current assets                                        34                     187,881                                    240,951
Total non-current assets                                                           187,709,023                                 118,899,446



Current assets




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
 Accounts receivable                                             35                 12,589,543                                   5,587,233
 Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets         36                  4,093,160                                   2,880,227
 Margin accounts receivable                                      37                186,014,825                                 132,546,005
 Debt instruments at amortised cost                              27                   1,961,138                                 6,938,958
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                   30                  16,491,714                                  15,028,791
 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                 28                  6,403,360
   income                                                                                                                        4,197,477
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           31                372,869,353                                296,245,608
 Derivative financial assets                                     38                  11,437,030                                   9,991,125

 Clearing settlement funds                                       39                  8,346,763                                   11,136,758
 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                        40                221,738,092                                 170,880,569

 Cash and bank balances                                          41                 47,693,555                                  39,521,458




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                                                                  889,638,533                                 694,954,209

 Assets classified as held for sale                                                           -                                    416,839
Total current assets                                                              889,638,533                                  695,371,048




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
Total assets                                                                      1,077,347,556                                814,270,494




                                                                                                                                              289
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                               FINANCIAL POSITION - continued
                                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                              Notes                      2025                                       2024



          Current liabilities

            Short-term bank loans                                              43                   21,647,664                                  3,362,980

            Short-term debt instruments issued                                 44                   60,329,377                                 28,852,939

            Placements from other financial institutions                       45                   37,134,967                                   30,113,661

            Accounts payable to brokerage clients                              46                  240,910,426                                 184,586,976

            Employee benefits payable                                          47                    4,502,377                                   4,589,013

            Other payables and accruals                                        48                   109,915,712                                 75,436,419

            Contract liabilities                                               49                      223,153                                     104,692

            Current tax liabilities                                                                   1,450,281                                    179,973

            Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  50                  148,156,522                                  121,048,168

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         51                   33,370,249                                   33,474,911

            Derivative financial liabilities                                   38                   18,224,472                                  10,943,785

            Long-term bonds due within one year                                52                   83,066,273                                  41,787,436

                                                                                                   758,931,473                                534,480,953

            Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                                   -                                      75,402

          Total current liabilities                                                                758,931,473                                534,556,355

          Net current assets                                                                       130,707,060                                 160,814,693

          Total assets less current liabilities                                                    318,416,083                                  279,714,139



          Non-current liabilities

            Long-term bonds                                                    53                  100,025,526                                   73,671,381

            Long-term bank loans                                               54                      170,903                                           -

            Non-current employee benefits payable                              47                     6,901,015                                   6,116,922

            Deferred tax liabilities                                           33                     668,282                                     476,548

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         51                    3,051,669                                   6,973,421

            Other payables and accruals                                        48                     602,484                                      581,946

          Total non-current liabilities                                                             111,419,879                                 87,820,218

          Net assets                                                                              206,996,204                                   191,893,921




290
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                               FINANCIAL POSITION - continued
                                                        AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                             Notes                      2025                                       2024




                                                                                                                                                      About Us
Equity

 Share capital                                                55                    9,026,864                                   9,027,302

 Other equity instruments                                     55                   33,300,000                                 28,300,000

 Treasury shares                                              55                       (7,102)                                  (100,545)

 Reserves                                                     55                  108,747,265                                 105,753,021

 Retained profits                                             55                   55,872,443                                  48,694,124

 Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                        206,939,470                                  191,673,902

 Non-controlling interests                                                             56,734                                     220,019

Total equity                                                                     206,996,204                                   191,893,921



                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection


The notes on pages 297 to 436 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2026.




            Wang Huiqing                                                                         Wang Bing

Chairman of the Board,Director                                                                    Director




                                                                                                                                             291
292




                                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                                                                                                       HUATAI SECURITIES
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                                                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                  Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                   Reserves
                                                                                                                                            Cash flow                                                           Non-
                                              Share    Other equity   Treasury      Capital     Surplus        General        Fair value      hedges     Translation         Retained                     controlling
                                             capital   instruments      shares      reserve     reserve        reserve          reserve       reserve       reserve            profits           Total      interests    Total equity
                                           (Note 55)      (Note 55)   (Note 55)   (Note 55)    (Note 55)     (Note 55)        (Note 55)     (Note 38)      (Note 55)         (Note 55)



      As at 1 January 2025

      Changes in equity for 2025           9,027,302     28,300,000   (100,545)   68,838,074    9,727,061    25,485,039         556,803      (44,844)       1,190,888       48,694,124      191,673,902       220,019      191,893,921

      Profit for the year                          -              -           -           -             -             -                -            -              -        16,383,497      16,383,497       (10,743)      16,372,754

      Other comprehensive income /
       (expense) for the year                      -              -           -           -             -             -          419,887        44,844     (570,500)                  -      (105,769)            205       (105,564)

      Total comprehensive income /
        (expense) for the year                     -              -           -           -             -             -          419,887        44,844     (570,500)        16,383,497       16,277,728      (10,538)       16,267,190

      Issue of perpetual subordinated
        bonds                                      -      5,000,000           -      (3,545)            -             -                -            -              -                  -      4,996,455              -      4,996,455

      Acquisition of minority
                                                   -              -           -        3,335            -             -                -            -              -                  -          3,335        (4,215)           (880)
       shareholders' equity

      Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 25)           -              -           -           -             -             -                -            -              -                  -              -      (168,863)       (168,863)

      Repurchase and cancellation of
                                               (438)              -       3,004      (2,566)            -             -                -            -              -                  -              -              -               -
        shares

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                   -              -     90,439        5,094             -             -                -             -             -                  -         95,533              -          95,533
        payments

      Appropriation to surplus reserve             -              -           -           -      1,123,051            -                -             -             -         (1,123,051)             -              -               -

      Appropriation to general reserve             -              -           -           -             -      2,591,618               -             -             -        (2,591,618)              -              -               -

      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                   -              -           -           -             -             -                -             -             -        (4,694,131)     (4,694,131)       (11,985)     (4,706,116)
        shareholders for the year

      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                   -              -           -           -             -             -                -             -             -        (1,412,970)     (1,412,970)             -      (1,412,970)
        subordinated bonds

      Other comprehensive income
       that has been reclassified to               -              -           -           -             -             -         (631,110)            -             -            631,110              -              -               -
       retained profits

      Others                                       -              -           -       (382)        4,839          9,679                -             -             -           (14,518)          (382)         32,316          31,934

      As at 31 December 2025               9,026,864     33,300,000     (7,102)   68,840,010   10,854,951    28,086,336         345,580              -       620,388        55,872,443     206,939,470         56,734    206,996,204
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY- continued
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                          Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                          Reserves
                                                                                                                                                   Cash flow                                                              Non-
                                                          Other equity   Treasury           Capital     Surplus       General        Fair value      hedges        Translation         Retained                     controlling
                                         Share capital    instruments      shares           reserve     reserve       reserve          reserve       reserve          reserve            profits          Total       interests     Total equity
                                             (Note 55)       (Note 55)   (Note 55)        (Note 55)    (Note 55)      (Note 55)      (Note 55)      (Note 38)        (Note 55)         (Note 55)



      As at 1 January 2024

      Changes in equity for 2024             9,074,663      25,700,000   (1,064,173)      69,602,190   8,838,000     23,458,335         142,633          39,072        886,916         42,430,731     179,108,367      3,109,065      182,217,432

      Profit for the year                            -               -            -               -            -              -               -               -              -          15,351,162     15,351,162        167,712       15,518,874

      Other comprehensive income /
       (expense) for the year                        -               -            -               -            -              -          414,170        (83,916)       303,972                  -       634,226         (36,471)         597,755

      Total comprehensive income /
        (expense) for the year                       -               -            -               -            -              -          414,170        (83,916)       303,972          15,351,162    15,985,388          131,241      16,116,629

      Issue of perpetual subordinated
        bonds                                        -       2,600,000            -          (2,158)           -              -               -               -              -                  -      2,597,842               -       2,597,842

      Disposal of subsidiaries                       -               -            -               -            -              -               -               -              -                  -              -    (3,025,855)      (3,025,855)

      Repurchase and cancellation of
                                               (47,361)              -      851,150        (803,789)           -              -               -               -              -                  -              -               -               -
        shares

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                     -               -      112,478           75,974           -              -               -               -              -                  -        188,452         20,574         209,026
        payments

      Appropriation to surplus reserve               -               -            -               -     889,075               -               -               -              -         (889,075)               -               -               -

      Appropriation to general reserve               -               -            -               -            -      2,026,732               -               -              -        (2,026,732)              -               -               -

      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                     -               -            -                -           -              -               -               -              -        (5,236,731)     (5,236,731)       (57,747)     (5,294,478)
        shareholders for the year

      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                     -               -            -                -           -              -               -               -              -          (935,130)      (935,130)               -       (935,130)
        subordinated bonds

      Others                                         -               -            -         (34,143)         (14)          (28)               -               -              -               (101)      (34,286)          42,741           8,455

      As at 31 December 2024                 9,027,302      28,300,000   (100,545)        68,838,074    9,727,061    25,485,039        556,803          (44,844)      1,190,888        48,694,124     191,673,902       220,019       191,893,921




      The notes on pages 297 to 436 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




293
                                     Financial Report and                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                       Corporate Governance                                                                             About Us                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                   Documents for Inspection                                                                        and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                  Note               2025                                       2024



          Cash flows from operating activities:

            Profit before income tax                                                            18,404,639                                  15,352,340

            Adjustments for:

            Interest expenses                                                                     9,517,831                                 10,856,424

            Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                   (3,356,895)                                 (2,353,953)

            Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                1,461,102                                   1,774,611
            Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,net of
                                                                                                   593,714                                    246,269
              reversal
            Expenses recognised from equity-settled share-based payment                              5,094                                     96,548

            Net gains arising from disposal of subsidiaries                                          (304)                                 (6,335,547)

            Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                            (4,237)                                     (2,351)

            Foreign exchange losses / (gains)                                                       197,731                                   (197,191)
            Dividend income and interest income from financial assets
              through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at                        (2,542,411)                                (1,943,376)
              amortised cost
            Net losses / (gains) arising from derecognition of financial assets
                                                                                                    77,941                                     (101,101)
             at fair value through other comprehensive income
            Unrealised fair value changes in financial instruments at fair
                                                                                                (2,147,976)                                  3,873,533
             value through profit or loss
            Unrealised fair value changes in derivatives                                          3,759,617                                   891,069

            Unrealised fair value changes in other assets                                        (140,528)                                            -

            Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                            25,825,318                                  22,157,275

            (Increase) /decrease in refundable deposits                                       (15,940,329)                                  7,092,980

            Increase in margin accounts receivable                                            (54,072,990)                                (20,449,188)
            (Increase) /decrease in accounts receivable, other receivables
                                                                                               (7,751,005)                                  3,393,590
              and prepayments
            Increase in financial assets held under resale agreements                          (2,491,403)                                 (3,547,957)
            (Increase) /decrease in financial instruments at fair value
                                                                                              (78,312,063)                                  94,168,963
              through profit or loss
            Decrease in restricted bank deposits                                                   309,104                                    1,738,812

            Increase in cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                              (50,903,823)                                (33,623,986)

            Increase in accounts payable to brokerage clients                                   56,323,450                                 39,894,426

            Increase / (decrease) in other payables and accruals                                34,175,768                                (37,148,066)




294
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS - continued
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                    Note               2025                                        2024



Cash flows from operating activities: - continued

 Increase in employee benefits payable                                              696,244                                      396,416


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
 Increase / (decrease) in financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                                  27,108,354                                (23,007,981)
   agreements
 Increase / (decrease) in placements from other financial
                                                                                   6,995,478                                 (9,415,067)
   institutions
 Cash (used in) / generated from operations                                     (58,037,897)                                   41,650,217

 Income taxes paid                                                               (1,404,862)                                   (1,551,541)

 Interest paid                                                                   (4,013,366)                                 (5,280,239)

 Net cash (used in) / generated from operating activities                       (63,456,125)                                  34,818,437



Cash flows from investing activities:



                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
 Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                       27,272                                       15,917

 Dividends received from associates                                                2,346,856                                   1,037,955




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
 Dividend income and interest income from financial assets
  through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at                       2,256,443                                   2,146,830
  amortised cost
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
                                                                                  34,816,593                                  9,502,848
   other comprehensive income
 Proceeds from disposal of debt instruments at amortised cost                     57,439,252                                  11,800,022
 Purchase of property and equipment, investment properties,
                                                                                  (1,221,754)                                (1,806,042)
   other intangible assets and other non-current assets
 Acquisition of interests in associates                                            (515,555)                                  (285,868)

 Acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash acquired                                 (244,671)                                            -




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
 Divestments of associates, joint ventures and other investments                    364,864                                      154,684

 Proceeds on disposal of a subsidiary                                                (10,109)                                 10,796,229

 Purchase of debt instruments at amortised cost                                 (54,218,567)                                  (9,547,511)
 Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                                (83,142,870)                                 (3,318,943)
  comprehensive income
 Net cash (used in) / generated from investing activities                       (42,102,246)                                  20,496,121




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                             295
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS - continued
                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                          Note                      2025                                       2024



          Cash flows from financing activities:

            Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt instruments                              87,913,386                                 36,075,820

            Proceeds from issuance of long-term bonds                                           110,721,591                                         -

            Proceeds from issuance of perpetual bonds                                           4,996,455                                   2,597,842

            Proceeds from bank loans                                                           21,702,055                                   3,355,750

            Repayment of bank loans                                                           (3,355,750)                                 (12,019,460)

            Repayment of debt securities issued                                              (99,784,814)                                (76,217,308)

            Short-term bank loans interest paid                                                 (335,167)                                   (314,768)

            Long-term bank loans interest paid                                                    (8,852)                                    (44,278)

            Short-term debt instruments interest paid                                          (439,959)                                   (1,582,413)

            Long-term bonds interest paid                                                     (4,381,692)                                 (4,610,987)

            Dividends paid                                                                    (5,703,386)                                 (6,280,608)

            Payment of lease liabilities                                                        (529,728)                                  (623,242)

            Payment on repurchase and cancellation of shares                                      (3,004)                                    (15,348)

            Acquisition of partial interest of a subsidiary                                         (879)                                           -

            Cash received from Restricted Share Incentive Scheme                                         -                                      8,674

            Net cash generated from / (used in) financing activities      42(b)               110,790,256                                (59,670,326)

            Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              5,231,885                                 (4,355,768)

            Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                             56,033,209                                 59,830,329

            Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                             (664,378)                                    558,648

            Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year        42(a)                60,600,716                                 56,033,209




          The notes on pages 297 to 436 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




296
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025

   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
                                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



1 General information

Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the "Company"), formerly known as Jiangsu Securities Company, was approved by the People's
Bank of China ("PBOC"), and registered with the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Jiangsu Province on 9 April


                                                                                                                                                        About Us
1991, with a registered capital of RMB10 million. The Company was renamed as Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company
on 21 December 1999 and then renamed as Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 7 December 2007 as a result of the conversion into
a joint stock limited liability company.

The Company publicly issued RMB784,561,275 ordinary shares (the "A shares") in February 2010, and was listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange on 26 February 2010.

In June 2015, the Company issued RMB1,562,768,800 H shares, which were listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the "Hong Kong Stock Exchange"). Due to the issuance and listing of H Shares, the relevant state-owned
shareholders transferred 156,276,880 state owned A Shares of the Company, representing 10% of the number of H Shares


                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
issued this time, to the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC in the form of H Shares.

In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated ordinary shares (A


                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Shares) by way of "Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors".

In June 2019, the Company issued 82,515,000 Global Deposits Receipts (the "GDRs"), representing 825,150,000 new A shares,
and was listed on the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London Stock Exchange").

From September 2022 to December 2025, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 49,786,214 restricted
A shares, and the Company's registered capital has been reduced by RMB 49,786,214.

As at 31 December 2025, the Company's registered capital was RMB 9,026,863,786 and the Company has a total of




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
9,026,863,786 issued shares of RMB1 each.

As at 31 December 2025, the Company has 27 branches and 243 securities business offices. Please refer to Note 24 for
details of subsidiaries of the Company.

The Company and its subsidiaries (the "Group") are principally engaged in securities business, securities underwriting
and sponsorship, securities investment advisory, asset management, agency sale of financial products, intermediary
introduction business for the futures companies, agency sale and custody of securities investment fund, mutual fund
management, direct investment business, alternative investment business, futures brokerage business and other business
activities as approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the "CSRC").




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
2 Material accounting policy information

(1) Statement of compliance




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
("IFRS Accounting Standards") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). In addition, the consolidated
financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ("Listing Rules") and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. A summary of the material
accounting policy information adopted by the Group are set out below.


(2) Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards

Amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the current year

In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standards issued by IASB for
the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group's annual period beginning on 1 January 2025 for the preparation




                                                                                                                                               297
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of the consolidated financial statements:

          Amendments to IAS 21            Lack of Exchangeability

          The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material impact on the
          Group's consolidated financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out
          in these consolidated financial statements.


          New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

          The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued
          but are not yet effective:

          Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7             Amendments to the Classification and Measurement

          				of Financial Instruments2

          Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7             Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2

          Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28            Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor

          				                                        and its Associate or Joint Venture1

          Amendments to IFRS Accounting               Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards

           Standards			                               Standards - Volume 112

          IFRS 18				                                 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

          Amendments to IAS 21		                      Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation

          				Currency3

          1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

          2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.

          3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


          IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

          IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures
          in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new IFRS Accounting Standard,
          while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories
          and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance
          measures(MPMs) in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information
          to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 Accounting
          Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors (the title of which will be changed to Basis of Preparation of Financial
          Statements upon effective of IFRS 18) and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings
          per Share are also made.

          IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027, with
          early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific transition provisions. The application of
          the new standard is not expected to have significant impact on the financial performance and positions of the Group in
          terms of recognition and measurement. However, it is expected to affect the structure and presentation of the consolidated
          statement of profit or loss. The Group is in the process of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group's
          consolidated financial statements.

          Except as described above, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of other amendments to IFRS
          Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




298
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(3) Change in an accounting policy - Recognition of revenue arising from contracts to sell non-
financial items

In July 2025, the Ministry of Finance issued an implementation Q&A on China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises,
addressing the accounting treatment of transactions involving standard warehouse receipts.

According to the implementation Q&A above, for enterprises frequently buy and sell standard warehouse receipts in futures
trading exchanges in order to make profit from short-term price fluctuations, without physically delivery of the underlying
commodities corresponding to the standard warehouse receipts, the contracts of the standard warehouse receipts
are within the scope of accounting standard on financial instruments, and the transaction should not be recognised as
revenue with the corresponding cost in the statement of profit or loss. The difference between the carrying amount of the

                                                                                                                                                About Us
standard warehouse receipts derecognised and the gross sales consideration of those contracts should be recognised
in net investment gain/loss. As a result of assessing the implementation Q&A, the Group decided to change its relevant
accounting policy under IFRS for sales contracts involving warehouse receipts since January 1, 2025, and has retrospectively
adjusted the comparative financial statements for 2024. The management believes that this change results in consolidated
financial statements providing reliable and more relevant information about the effects of these transactions on the
Group's financial performance.

The impact of the change in the accounting policy on the consolidated statement of profit or loss are set out as below, and
the change in the accounting policy has had no impact on the Group's consolidated statement of financial position as of 31


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
December 2025 and 31 December 2024, and other comprehensive income and cash flow statement for the years ended 31
December 2025 and 31 December 2024.



                                                                                   Years ended 31 December                                    and Strategies
                                                                                       2025                                   2024



Impact on consolidated statement of profit or loss for the period
Decrease in net investment gains - net realised losses from trading of
                                                                                       36,160                              (86,959)
  non-financial items
Decrease in other income and gains - income from commodity sales                  (7,866,286)                            (7,860,243)




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Decrease in other operating expenses - cost of commodity sales                      7,830,126                             7,947,202

Net impact on profits for the period                                                       -                                      -




(4) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except that the following assets and
liabilities are measured at their fair value: financial derivatives, non-derivative financial assets and liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The methods used to measure fair
value are discussed further in Note 2(9).

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi ("RMB"), which is the functional currency of the Company.




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
All financial information presented in RMB has been rounded to the nearest thousand, except when otherwise indicated. The
Group translates the consolidated financial statements of subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies into the
Group's functional currency if the subsidiaries' functional currencies are not the same as that of the Group.




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
(5) Basis of consolidation

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires management
to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

Judgments made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant effect on the
consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2(31).




                                                                                                                                       299
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (i) Business combinations

          The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and
          assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group (see Note 2(5)(ii)). In determining whether
          a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired
          includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.

          The Group has an option to apply a 'concentration test' that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of
          activities and assets is not a business. The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
          assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.

          (ii) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable
          returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When
          assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

          An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
          commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
          gains arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
          Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
          the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

          Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
          respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
          the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meet the definition of a financial
          liability.

          Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
          equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented
          on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
          comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the reporting period
          between non-controlling interests and the shareholders of the Company.

          Changes in the Group's interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
          transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
          consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss
          is recognised.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with
          a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when
          control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
          asset (see Note 2(9)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture
          (see Note 2(5)(iii)).

          In the Company's statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see
          Note 2(16)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for
          sale).

          (iii) Associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
          management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

          A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or Company and other parties contractually agree to share control of
          the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

          Investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
          method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) or applied
          the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and measured the investment at fair value
          through profit or loss. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the




300
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Group's share of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee's identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group's share of the investee's net assets
and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 2(16)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group's
share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised
in profit or loss, whereas the Group's share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees' other comprehensive
income is recognised in other comprehensive income.

When the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group's interest is reduced to
nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group's interest is the carrying amount of


                                                                                                                                               About Us
the investment under the equity method together with the Group's long-term interests that in substance form part of the
Group's net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are
eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not remeasured.
Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position.


                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is
recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note
2(9)).

In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint venture of the Company are




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
classified as held for sale) or applied the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and
measured the investment at fair value through profit or loss.


(6) Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of:

(i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
acquiree and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

(ii) the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to
each cash-generating unit ("CGU"), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(16)).

On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the
profit or loss on disposal.


(7) Foreign currency

When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to RMB at the spot exchange
rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial recognition, translated to RMB at the spot
exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.

A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the PBOC, the State Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate




                                                                                                                                      301
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under
          a systematic and rational method, normally the average exchange rate of the current period.

          Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of the
          reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for exchange differences
          on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely
          to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other
          comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group's interests
          in associates/joint ventures.

          Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to RMB using
          the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are
          measured at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rate at the date the fair value is determined; the resulting
          exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for the differences arising from the translation of equity
          securities investment designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) (except on impairment,
          in which case foreign currency differences that have been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
          profit or loss), which are recognised as OCI in reserve.

          The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of reporting
          period. The equity items, excluding "retained profits", are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction
          dates. The income and expenses of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
          approximate the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other
          comprehensive income, and presented in the foreign currency translation reserve (translation reserve) in equity. Upon
          disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognised in shareholders' equity
          which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the period in which the disposal occurs.


          (8) Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, short term deposits, and short-term, highly liquid
          investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of change in
          value.


          (9) Financial instruments

          (i) Recognition and initial measurement

          Financial instruments are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the investment.
          Financial instruments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those
          investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in
          profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 2(9)(iv). Financial
          instruments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

          (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

          On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI; or FVTPL.

          Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for
          managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting
          period following the change in the business model.

          A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at
          FVTPL:

          - it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

          - its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
          principal amount outstanding.

          A debt instruments is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:




302
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
- it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the
financial assets; and

- its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding.

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present
subsequent changes in the investment's fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.

All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL.
This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset


                                                                                                                                             About Us
that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or
significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.

Financial assets - Business model assessment

The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level
because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management.

Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for
this purpose, consistent with the Group's continuing recognition of the assets.



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are
measured at FVTPL.



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Financial assets - Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

For the purposes of this assessment, 'principal' is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition.
'Interest' is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal
amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and
administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that
could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this
assessment, the Group considers:

- contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;

- terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features;

- prepayment and extension features; and

- terms that limit the Group's claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).

A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount
substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at
a discount or premium to its contractual paramount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that
substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value
of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                    303
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Financial assets - Subsequent measurement and gains and losses



                                                       These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or
          Financial assets at FVTPL
                                                       dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

                                                       These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The
                                                       amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses
          Financial assets at amortised cost
                                                       and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit
                                                       or loss.

                                                       These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the effective
                                                       interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss.
          Debt instruments at FVOCI
                                                       Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in
                                                       OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

                                                       These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or
          Equity investments at FVOCI                  loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                                       gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.




          Financial liabilities - Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses

          Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is
          classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL
          are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. The fair
          value change of a financial liability designated at FVTPL that is attributable to changes of that financial liability's credit risk
          is to be recognised in OCI (without reclassification to profit or loss). Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
          amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised
          in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.

          (iii) Impairment

          The Group recognises loss allowances for Expected Credit Losses (ECLs) on:

          - financial assets measured at amortised cost;

          - debt instruments measured at FVOCI;

          - financial guarantee contracts;

          - contract assets;and

          - lease receivables.

          Debt instruments at fair value, FVTPL and equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL
          assessment.

          Measurement of ECLs

          ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash
          shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows
          that the Group expects to receive).

          The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is
          exposed to credit risk.

          In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue
          cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

          ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

          - 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the
          reporting date; and

          - lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the
          items to which the ECL model applies.




304
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Loss allowances for accounts receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience,
adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic
conditions at the reporting date.

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been
a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which are measured at
12-month ECLs:

- debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and                                                       About Us
- other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the
financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

Significant increases in credit risk

When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group's historical
experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly
since initial recognition:

- failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument's external or internal credit rating (if available);

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

- existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly since
initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument
is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its
contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.

Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed
on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial
instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Definition of default

For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally
or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
taking into account any collateral held by the Group).

Credit-impaired financial assets

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI
are credit-impaired. A financial asset is 'credit-impaired' when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

- significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;

- a breach of contract such as a default;




                                                                                                                                      305
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          - the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;

          - it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisations; or

          - the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

          - the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

          Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the
          assets.

          For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is recognised in OCI.

          Write-off

          The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written-off when the Group has no reasonable expectations of recovering
          a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no significant recovery from the amount written-
          off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the
          Group's procedures for recovery of amounts due.

          Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written-off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or
          loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

          (iv) Fair value measurement

          If there is an active market for a financial asset or financial liability, the quoted market price without adjusting for
          transaction costs that may be incurred upon future disposal or settlement is used to establish the fair value of the financial
          asset or financial liability. Quoted prices from an active market are prices that are readily and regularly available from an
          exchange, dealer, broker, industry group or pricing service agency, and represent actual and regularly occurring market
          transactions on an arm's length basis.

          If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair value. Valuation
          techniques include using recent arm's length market transactions between knowledgeable, willing parties, reference
          to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
          pricing models. Where discounted cash flow technique is used, future cash flows are estimated based on management's
          best estimates and the discount rate used is the prevailing market rate applicable for instrument with similar terms and
          conditions at the end of the reporting period. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on market data at the
          end of the reporting period.

          In estimating the fair value of a financial asset and financial liability, the Group considers all factors including, but not
          limited to, risk-free interest rate, credit risk, foreign exchange rate and market volatility, that are likely to affect the fair value
          of the financial asset and financial liability.

          The Group obtains market data from the same market where the financial instrument was originated or purchased.

          (v) Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities

          Financial assets (or a part of a financial asset or group of financial assets) are derecognised when the financial assets
          meet one of the following conditions:

          - the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or

          - the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets or where substantially all
          the risks and rewards of ownership of a financial asset are neither retained nor transferred, the control over that asset is
          relinquished.

          If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but
          retains control, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and relevant liability to the extent of its continuing
          involvement in the financial asset.

          The financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised only when the underlying present obligation (or part of it) specified in
          the contracts is discharged, cancelled or expired. An agreement between the Group and an existing lender to replace the
          original financial liability with a new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the




306
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
terms of an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and recognition
of a new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of the derecognised financial liability and the
consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

(vi) Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial
position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the transactions are
intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realising the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.

(vii) Equity instruments


                                                                                                                                              About Us
An equity instrument is a contract that proves the ownership interest of the residual assets after deducting all liabilities of
the Group. Considerations received from issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs are recognised in equity.
Considerations and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing its own equity instruments are deducted from
equity.

(viii) Perpetual bonds

At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds issued as financial liabilities or equity instruments based
on their contractual terms and their economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity



                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
instruments.

Perpetual bonds issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on the actual



                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
amount received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the instruments' duration is treated as profit appropriation.
When the perpetual bonds are redeemed according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to equity.

(ix) Derivative financial instruments

Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value is
remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss, except where
the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or hedges of net investment in a foreign operation, in which case
recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being hedged.




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more
than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months. Other derivatives are presented as current assets
or current liabilities.

(x) Hedge accounting

At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group formally designates the hedge instruments and the hedged items,
and documents the hedging relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identiﬁcation of the hedging instrument,
the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument's
effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item's fair value or cash ﬂows attributable to the hedged




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
risk. Such hedges are expected to meet the hedge effectiveness in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash ﬂows
and are assessed on an ongoing basis to analyse the sources of hedge ineffectiveness which are expected to affect
the hedging relationship in remaining hedging period. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
requirement relating to the hedge ratio, but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship
remains the same, the Group would rebalance the hedging relationship.

The Group designates such hedged items as debt securities issued with floating interest that expose the Group to the risk of
variability of its cash flows.

Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group's risk management positions,
do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held for trading with fair value gains or losses
recognised in proﬁt or loss. Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for in accordance
with the Group's accounting policy as set out below.

Fair value hedges

Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or




                                                                                                                                     307
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment, or an identiﬁed portion of such an asset, liability or unrecognised ﬁrm commitment,
          that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income. Among them,
          the circumstances affecting other comprehensive income are limited to the hedging for the risk exposure from fair value
          change of non-trading equity investment designated as at FVOCI. For fair value hedges, the carrying amount of the hedged
          item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable to the risk being hedged, the derivative is remeasured at fair value and
          the gains and losses from both are taken to proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income.

          For hedged items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged item and the face
          value is amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective interest rate method.

          When an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in the fair
          value of the ﬁrm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain
          or loss recognised in proﬁt or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognised in proﬁt or
          loss.

          The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting when the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria
          after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has
          been sold, terminated or exercised. If the hedged items are derecognised, the unamortised fair value is recorded in proﬁt or
          loss.

          Cash ﬂow hedges

          Cash ﬂow hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to variability in cash ﬂows that is attributable to a particular risk
          associated with a recognised asset or liability, a highly probable forecast transaction or a component of any such item,
          and could affect proﬁt or loss. For designated and qualifying cash ﬂow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on
          the hedging instrument is initially recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the gain or
          loss on the hedging instrument is recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss.

          When the hedged cash ﬂow affects proﬁt or loss, the gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised directly in other
          comprehensive income is recycled in the corresponding income or expense line of the statement of proﬁt or loss. When
          the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging
          relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has been sold, terminated or exercised, any cumulative gain
          or loss existing in other comprehensive income at that time remains in other comprehensive income until the hedged
          forecast transaction ultimately occurs. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or
          loss that was reported in other comprehensive income is immediately transferred to proﬁt or loss.

          Net investment hedges

          Net investment hedge is a hedge of the currency risk of a net investment in a foreign institution operation.

          Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash ﬂow hedges. Any gain or loss on the
          hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised directly in other comprehensive income; the
          gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised in proﬁt or loss immediately. Gains and losses accumulated in
          other comprehensive income are included in proﬁt or loss when the foreign operation is disposed of as part of the gain or
          loss on the disposal.

          (xi) Non-financial items

          The Group accounts for contracts to buy or sell a non-financial item that can be settled net in cash or another financial
          instrument, or by exchanging financial instruments, as if the contracts were financial instruments, with the exception of
          contracts that were entered into and continue to be held for the purpose of the receipt or delivery of a non-financial item in
          accordance with the entity's expected purchase, sale or usage requirements.


          (10) Margin financing and securities lending

          Margin financing and securities lending refer to the lending of funds by the Group to customers for purchase of securities,
          or lending of securities by the Group to customers for securities selling, for which the customers provide the Group with
          collateral.

          The classification, subsequent measurement and impairment of margin financing receivables is based on policies in Note




308
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2(9). Securities lent are not derecognised when the risk and rewards are not transferred, and interest income from margin
financing receivables and securities lent is recognised accordingly.

The collateral is not recognised on the statement of financial position, the transfer of the collateral from counterparties is
only reflected on the statement of financial position if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred.

Securities trading on behalf of margin financing or securities lending customers are accounted for as securities brokerage
business.


(11) Financial assets held under resale and sold under repurchase agreements



                                                                                                                                               About Us
Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions where the Group acquires financial assets which will
be resold at a predetermined price at a future date under resale agreements. Financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements are transactions where the Group sells financial assets which will be repurchased at a predetermined price at
a future date under repurchase agreements.

The cash advanced or received is recognised as amounts held under resale or sold under repurchase agreements in the
consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in memorandum accounts
as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the consolidated
statement of financial position.



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale and repurchase consideration,
is amortised over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
income and interest expenses, respectively.


(12) Investments in subsidiaries

In the Group's consolidated financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance with the
principles described in Note 2(5).

In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost method. The
investment is stated at cost less impairment loss (Note 2(16)) in the statements of financial position. Except for declared




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
but not yet distributed cash dividends or profits distribution that have been included in the price or consideration paid
in obtaining the investments, the Group recognises its share of the cash dividends or profit distribution declared by the
investees as investment income.


(13) Property and equipment and construction in progress

(i) Recognition and measurement

Items of property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
losses (see Note 2(16)). Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-
constructed assets includes the following:




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
- the cost of materials and direct labour;

- any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use;




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
- when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling and
removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and

- capitalised borrowing costs.

Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.
When parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items
(major components) of property and equipment.

Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property and equipment (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds
from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in profit or loss.

Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditures incurred which include all necessary




                                                                                                                                      309
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          expenditures incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation and other costs incurred to
          bring the asset to its intended use.

          Items classified as construction in progress are transferred to property and equipment when such assets are ready for their
          intended use.

          (ii) Subsequent costs

          Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the
          expenditure will flow to the Group. Ongoing repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

          (iii) Depreciation

          Items of property and equipment are depreciated from the date they are available for use or, in respect of self-constructed
          assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.

          Depreciation is calculated to write-off the cost of items of property and equipment less their estimated residual values
          using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

          Depreciation is generally recognised in profit or loss, unless the amount is included in the carrying amount of another asset.
          Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that
          the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years of significant items of property and equipment are as
          follows:


                                                                  Estimated                    Estimated                     Depreciation
          Types of assets                                        useful lives             residual values                           rates



          Buildings                                             30 - 40 years                          3%                    2.43% - 3.23%

          Motor vehicles                                          5 - 8 years                          3%                    12.13% - 19.40%

          Electronic equipment                                        5 years                          3%                            19.40%

          Furniture and fixtures                                      5 years                          3%                            19.40%




          No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress. Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values
          are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.


          (14) Investment property

          Investment property is property held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in
          the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

          Investment property is accounted for using the cost model and stated in the financial statements at cost less accumulated
          depreciation, and impairment losses (see Note 2(16)). The cost of investment property, less its estimated residual value and
          accumulated impairment losses, is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, unless the
          investment property is classified as held for sale.


                                                                  Estimated                    Estimated                     Depreciation
                                                                 useful lives             residual values                           rates



          Investment property                                   30 - 40 years                          3%                    2.43% - 3.23%




          Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment property. The cost of self-
          constructed investment property includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to
          bringing the investment property to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs.




310
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(15) Land-use rights and other intangible asset

Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and
impairment loss (see Note 2(16)). For an intangible asset with finite useful life, its cost less impairment loss is amortised on
the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.

The respective amortisation periods for intangible assets are as follows:


Types of assets                                                                                              Estimated useful lives




                                                                                                                                                About Us
Enterprise distribution channel customer relationships                                                                      5 years

Trading seat fee                                                                                                          Indefinite

Land-use rights                                                                                                       40 - 50 years

Trade names                                                                                                               Indefinite

Software and others                                                                                                     2 - 14 years




An intangible asset is regarded as having an indefinite useful life and is not amortised when there is no foreseeable limit to
the period over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.



                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
(16) Impairment of non-financial assets


                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
indication of impairment:

- property and equipment

- construction in progress

- investment property




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
- land-use rights and other intangible assets

- equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

- goodwill

- leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses

If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets are tested annually for impairment. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU
exceeds its recoverable amount.

The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For impairment
testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs. Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, CGUs to
which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the
lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is
allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first
to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying
amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed only to the
extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.




                                                                                                                                       311
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (17) Non-current assets held for sale

          Non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally
          through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only when the asset (or
          disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary
          for sales of such asset (or disposal group) and its sale is highly probable. Management must be committed to the sale,
          which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.

          When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets and liabilities of that
          subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, regardless of whether the Group will
          retain a non-controlling interest in the relevant subsidiary after the sale.

          When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving disposal of an investment, or a portion of an investment, in an
          associate or joint venture, the investment or the portion of the investment that will be disposed of is classified as held for
          sale when the criteria described above are met, and the Group discontinues the use of the equity method in relation to the
          portion that is classified as held for sale from the time when the investment (or a portion of the investment) is classified as
          held for sale.

          Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount
          and fair value less costs to sell, except for financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 which continue to be measured in
          accordance with the accounting policies as set out in respective sections.


          (18) Contract assets and contract liabilities

          A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
          transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy
          set out in Note 2(9)(iii) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.

          A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue.
          A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the
          Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

          For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
          contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.

          When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under the
          effective interest method.


          (19) Employee benefits

          (i) Short-term employee benefits

          Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
          is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing
          plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by
          the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

          (ii) Defined contribution plans

          A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
          separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined
          contribution plans are recognised as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related
          services are rendered by employees.

          (iii) Other long-term employee benefits

          The Group's net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the amount of future
          benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted
          to determine its present value, and the fair value of any related assets is deducted. The discount rate is the yield at the
          reporting date on corporate bonds, which have a credit rating of at least AA from rating agency, that have maturity dates




312
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
approximating the terms of the Group's obligations and that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits are
expected to be paid. The calculation is performed using the projected unit credit method. Any actuarial gains and losses
are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

(iv) Termination benefits

Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic possibility
of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date, or to provide
termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary
redundancies are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is probable that
the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable more than 12

                                                                                                                                                 About Us
months after the reporting date, then they are discounted to their present value.


(20) Share-based payments

(i) Accounting treatment of cash-settled share-based payments

Where the Group receives services from employees by incurring a liability to deliver cash or other assets for amounts that
are determined based on the price of shares or other equity instruments, the service received from employees is measured
at the fair value of the liability incurred. If a cash-settled share-based payment do not vest until the completion of services



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
for a period, or until the achievement of a specified performance condition, the Group recognises costs or expenses as
services are received, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on
the best estimate of the outcome of vesting. Until the liability is settled, the Group will remeasure the fair value of the liability


                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
at each balance sheet date and at the date of settlement, with changes recognised in profit or loss for the current period.

When the Group receives services and has the obligation to settle the transaction, but the relevant equity instruments are
issued by the Company's ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group classifies the transaction as cash-
settled.

(ii) Accounting treatment of equity-settled share-based payments

Where the Group uses shares or other equity instruments as consideration for services received from the employees, the




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
payment is measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted to the employees at the grant date. If the equity
instruments granted do not vest until the completion of services for a period, or until the achievement of a specified
performance condition, the Group recognises an amount at each balance sheet date during the vesting period based
on the best estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest according to the newly obtained subsequent
information of the changes of the number of the employees expected to vest the equity instruments. The Group measures
the services received at the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments and recognises the costs or expenses as the
services are received, with a corresponding increase in capital reserve.

When the Group receives services, but the Group has no obligation to settle the transaction because the relevant equity
instruments are issued by the Company's ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group also classifies the
transaction as equity-settled.




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
(21) Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax expense. Current tax and deferred tax is recognised in




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

(i) Current tax

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax
payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends.

(ii) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.

Deferred tax is not recognised for:




                                                                                                                                        313
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          - temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination
          and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal
          taxable and deductible temporary differences;

          - temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities to the extent that
          the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not
          reverse in the foreseeable future; and

          - taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

          The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects,
          at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. For investment
          property that is measured at fair value, the presumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be
          recovered through sale has not been rebutted.

          Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
          using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and
          assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities,
          but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised
          simultaneously.

          A deferred tax asset is recognised for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent
          that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are
          reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
          be realised.

          For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets
          and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use
          assets or the lease liabilities.

          For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12
          requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to
          lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
          difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

          (iii) Tax exposures

          In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax positions
          and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may
          involve a series of judgements about future events. New information may become available that causes the Group to
          change its judgement regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax
          expense in the period that such a determination is made.


          (22) Leases

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease
          if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
          To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group uses the definition of
          a lease in IFRS 16. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
          changed.

          (i) As a lessee

          At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
          consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand‑alone prices. However, for the
          leases of property the Group has elected not to separate non‑lease components and account for the lease and non‑lease
          components as a single lease component.

          The Group recognises a right‑of‑use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right‑of‑use asset is




314
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at
or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

The right‑of‑use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‑line method from the commencement date to
the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the
lease term or the cost of the right‑of‑use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that case the
right‑of‑use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis
as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right‑of‑use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any,
and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.



                                                                                                                                             About Us
The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group's
incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources
and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

- fixed payments, including in‑substance fixed payments;



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
- variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
commencement date;



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
- amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and

- the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in
an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early
termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a
change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group's estimate of




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised in‑substance fixed lease payment.

When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
right‑of‑use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right‑of‑use asset has been reduced to zero.

The Group presents right‑of‑use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in 'property and equipment'
and lease liabilities in 'other payables and accruals' in the statement of financial position.


Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group has elected not to recognise right‑of‑use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low‑value assets and
short‑term leases, including IT equipment. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
expense on a straight‑line basis over the lease term.

(ii) As a lessor




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
At inception or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the
contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
lease.

To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks
and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then
it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for
the major part of the economic life of the asset.

When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It
assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not




                                                                                                                                    315
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          with reference to the underlying asset.

          If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-
          lease as an operating lease.

          If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, then the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration
          in the contract.

          The Group applies the derecognition and impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the net investment in the lease (see Note
          2(9)). The Group further regularly reviews estimated unguaranteed residual values used in calculating the gross investment
          in the lease.

          The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
          term as part of 'other income and gains'.


          (23) Provisions and contingent liabilities

          A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
          estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
          are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of
          the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.

          Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably,
          the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible
          obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are
          also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


          (24) Fiduciary activities

          The Group acts in a fiduciary activity as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the Group and
          the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are recorded as off-balance sheet items as the risks and
          rewards of the assets reside with customers.


          (25) Revenue recognition

          Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer at the amount of promised consideration
          to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue
          excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

          Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be
          entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to a customer and includes in the transaction price some or all
          of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a
          significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.

          Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for
          more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
          rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued
          separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a
          significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted
          on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient of IFRS
          15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12
          months or less.

          Further details of the Group's revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i) Commission income from brokerage business

          Brokerage commission income is recognised on a trade date basis when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling
          and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognised when the related services are rendered.

          (ii) Underwriting and sponsor fees




316
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Underwriting fee is recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the underwriting contract.

Depending on contract terms, sponsor fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group's
performance, or at a point in time when the service is completed.

(iii) Advisory fees

Depending on the nature of the advisory services and the contract terms, advisory fees are recognised progressively over
time using a method that depicts the Group's performance, or at a point in time when the advisory service is completed.

(iv) Asset management fees



                                                                                                                                           About Us
Asset management fees include periodic management fees calculated based on assets under management and
performance-based fees. The fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group's
performance, to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
recognised will not occur.

(v) Other income

Other income is recognised on an accrual basis.


(26) Expenses recognition


                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(i) Commission expenses




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Commission expenses relate mainly to transactions, which are recognised as expenses when the services are received.

(ii) Interest expenses

Interest expenses are recognised based on the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

(iii) Other expenses

Other expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(27) Dividend distribution

Dividends or profit distributions proposed in the profit appropriation plan, which will be authorised and declared after the
end of the reporting period, are not recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period but disclosed in the notes to
the financial statements separately.


(28) Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose
primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as
deferred revenue in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss
in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under "other income and gains".


(29) Related partie

(i) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:

(1) has control or joint control over the Group;

(2) has significant influence over the Group; or




                                                                                                                                  317
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.

          (ii) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

          (1) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
          subsidiary is related to the others).

          (2) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of
          which the other entity is a member).

          (3) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

          (4) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

          (5) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the
          Group.

          (6) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

          (7) A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of
          the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

          (8) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or
          to the Group's parent.

          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
          by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


          (30) Segment reporting

          Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the structure of the
          Group's internal organisation, management requirements and internal reporting system. An operating segment is a
          component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose
          financial performance are regularly reviewed by the Group's management to make decisions about resource to be
          allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which financial information regarding financial position,
          financial performance and cash flows is available.

          Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments have same or
          similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and service, the nature of
          production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services, the methods used to distribute the
          products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment.

          Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment reporting,
          and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements".


          (31) Significant accounting estimates and judgements

          The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect
          the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results
          may differ from these judgments and estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
          Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods
          affected.

          (i) Fair value of financial instruments

          If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group determines the fair value by using valuation technique.
          Valuation technique makes maximum use of observable market input. However, where observable market inputs are not
          available, management makes estimates on such unobservable market inputs.

          (ii) Measurement of ECL

          The following significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring the ECL.




318
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Significant increase of credit risk

As explained in Note 2(9)(iii), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for Stage 1 assets, or lifetime ECL
assets for Stage 2 or Stage 3 assets. An asset moves to Stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial
recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased, the Group takes into account
qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information.

Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics

When ECLs are measured on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk
characteristics. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess


                                                                                                                                             About Us
whether they continue to be similar. This is required in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is
appropriate re-segmentation of the assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing
portfolio that better reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to
lifetime ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue to be
measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the credit risk of the
portfolios differ.

Models and assumptions used

The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most


                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models, including
assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk.



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Forward-looking information

When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based on
assumptions for the future movements of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

Probability of default (PD)

PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the
calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Loss given default (LGD)

LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit
enhancements.

Loss rate (LR)

LR represents the Group's expectation of the likelihood and extent of loss on exposure based on the relevant loan
to collateral ratio. The Group uses historical loss rates based on publicly available information and assesses their
appropriateness.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
(iii) Impairment of non-financial assets

At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amount of non-financial assets are reviewed to determine whether there
is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
provided. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment.

Since the market price of an asset (the asset group) cannot be obtained reliably, the fair value of the asset cannot be
estimated reliably. In assessing the present value of future cash flows, significant judgements are exercised over the future
cash flows and discounting rates, based on all relevant materials which can be obtained together with reasonable and
supportable assumptions.

(iv) Income taxes

Determining income tax provisions requires the Group to estimate the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
Group evaluates tax implications of transactions in accordance with prevailing tax regulations and makes tax provisions
accordingly. In addition, deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised. This requires significant judgement on the tax




                                                                                                                                    319
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          treatments of certain transactions and also significant assessment on the probability that adequate future taxable profits
          will be available for the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

          (v) Determination scope of consolidation

          All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, controls the investee.
          The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from
          involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of investors' returns.
          The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
          one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

          The Group held interests as investor and/or acted as investment manager in various structured entities including asset
          management schemes, investment funds and partnerships. The Group considered its power, arising from the rights entitled
          directly or indirectly, over the structured entities, and assessed whether the combination of investments it held together
          with its remuneration created exposure to variability of returns from the structured entities that are of such significance that
          it indicated the Group controlled the structured entities and should consolidated these structured entities.




320
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3 Taxation

The Group's main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:



Tax type                                                                   Tax basis                                         Tax rate



Value-added tax (VAT)                     Output VAT is calculated on product sales and taxable services revenue.            3% - 13%
                                          The basis for VAT payable is to deduct input VAT from the output VAT for the
                                          period.
City maintenance and construction tax     Based on VAT payable                                                                 1% - 7%

Education surcharge                       Based on VAT payable                                                                2% - 3%


                                                                                                                                                   About Us
Local Education surcharge                 Based on VAT payable                                                                 1% - 2%

Income tax                                Based on taxable profits                                                              25%(i)




(i) The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in the Mainland China is 25% (2024: 25%). The
income tax rate applicable to subsidiaries in Hong Kong is 16.5% (2024: 16.5%). Taxes of other overseas subsidiaries are
charged at the relevant local rates.




                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
4 Fee and commission income



                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                        2025                     2024



Income from securities brokerage and advisory business                                              12,683,437               8,549,351

Income from asset management business                                                                1,801,663               4,810,453

Income from underwriting and sponsorship business                                                   2,733,445                 1,891,474

Income from futures brokerage business                                                               1,712,244                1,561,096




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Income from financial advisory business                                                               425,052                  252,241

Other commission income                                                                               208,805                   194,721

Total                                                                                              19,564,646                17,259,336




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                          321
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          5 Interest income


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2025                     2024



          Interest income from margin financing and securities lending                7,800,222                 6,773,051

          Interest income from financial institutions                                 3,519,679                 4,417,006

          Interest income from debt instruments at amortised cost                      1,361,320                 1,455,189

          Interest income from securities-backed lendings                                138,318                   146,181
          Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                                        753,562                  479,387
            comprehensive income
          Interest income from other financial assets held under resale
                                                                                       323,900                   274,953
            agreements
          Others                                                                         16,369                    15,227

          Total                                                                       13,913,370               13,560,994




          6 Net investment gains


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                    2024
                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                              (Restated)


          Dividend income and interest income from financial instruments at fair
                                                                                      7,526,066                8,976,586
            value through profit or loss
          Net realised gains from disposal of subsidiaries                                  304                 6,335,547
          Net realised (losses)/gains from disposal of derivative financial
                                                                                    (16,701,663)                2,249,924
           instruments
          Net realised gains from disposal of financial instruments at fair value
                                                                                    25,650,536                   1,690,391
           through profit or loss
          Net realised (losses)/gains from disposal of debt instruments at fair
                                                                                       (77,941)                     101,101
           value through other comprehensive income
          Dividend income from financial instruments at fair value through other
                                                                                        427,529                     8,800
            comprehensive income
          Unrealised fair value changes of derivative financial instruments         (5,297,090)                (988,058)
          Unrealised fair value changes of financial instruments at fair value
                                                                                      2,147,976               (3,873,533)
           through profit or loss
          Other investment gains/(losses)                                               153,008                 (86,959)

          Total                                                                      13,828,725                 14,413,799




322
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
7 Other income and (losses) / gains


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                  2024
                                                                                 2025
                                                                                                            (Restated)



Income from commodity sales                                                    325,428                                -

Government grants(i)                                                            130,129                          193,172

Rental income                                                                    34,881                         23,335

Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                      6,463                            3,930



                                                                                                                                    About Us
Foreign exchange (losses)/gain                                              (1,051,664)                        750,297

Others                                                                         467,626                          133,418

Total                                                                          (87,137)                        1,104,152




(i) The government grants were received unconditionally by the Company and its subsidiaries from the local government
where they reside.



8 Fee and commission expenses

                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                                 2025                            2024



Expenses for securities brokerage and advisory business                      3,936,668                        2,512,392

Expenses for futures brokerage business                                        1,166,471                      1,084,258

Expenses for asset management business                                            3,951                         664,112

Expenses for underwriting and sponsorship business                              58,843                          46,564

Expenses for financial advisory business                                            512                            330




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Other commission expenses                                                         1,489                            3,321

Total                                                                         5,167,934                       4,310,977




9 Interest expenses


                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                                 2025                            2024



Interest expenses on long-term bonds                                         4,090,404                        4,752,586
Interest expenses on financial assets sold under repurchase




                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                                                                              2,771,562                        3,411,098
  agreements
Interest expenses on placements from banks and other financial
                                                                               487,375                          777,410
  institutions
Interest expenses on short-term debt instruments issued                        901,669                          525,412




                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
Interest expenses of accounts payable to brokerage clients                     426,051                         830,502

Interest expenses on short-term bank loans                                    444,449                          220,685

Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                          33,263                          50,632

Interest expenses on long-term bank loans                                        8,852                          34,669

Others                                                                         354,206                         253,430

Total                                                                         9,517,831                      10,856,424




                                                                                                                           323
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          10 Staff costs


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                          Note                    2025                                  2024



          Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                     7,736,275                            8,025,434

          Contribution to pension schemes                                                       936,316                               899,117

          Share-based payment expense                                     63                      5,094                               101,204

          Other social welfare                                                                 1,093,517                            1,048,866

          Total                                                                                9,771,202                            10,074,621




          The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in social welfare plans, including pension, medical, housing,
          and other welfare benefits, organised and administered by the governmental authorities. According to the relevant
          regulations, the premiums and welfare benefits contributions that should be borne by the Group are calculated on a regular
          basis and paid to the labour and social welfare authorities. The contributions to the social security plans are expensed as
          incurred.

          The Group provides its full-time employees in Mainland China and certain countries or jurisdictions outside Mainland
          China with relevant pension plans as required by the governments or by local labour laws, including the basic pension
          plan in Mainland China, the Mandatory Provident Funds in Hong Kong and other statutory plans in certain countries outside
          Mainland China. The Group did not have any forfeited contributions under these pension plans.

          The Group also provides an enterprise annuity plan to employees in Mainland China. According to the plan, when an
          employee resigns, part of the contributed amount may be returned to the Company's enterprise annuity account based
          on his/her actual working time. Such returned contributions had no impact on the level of annuity contributions for existing
          employees. The Group did not utilise any of such forfeited contributions to reduce the existing level of contributions.



          11 Depreciation and amortisation expenses


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                  2025                                  2024



          Amortisation of land-use rights and other intangible assets                           379,042                              556,849

          Depreciation of property and equipment                                                955,135                             1,073,402

            - Right-of-use assets                                                               482,156                              547,296

            - Other property and equipment                                                      472,979                               526,106
          Amortisation of leasehold improvements and long-term deferred
                                                                                                 118,184                              136,768
           expenses
          Depreciation of investment properties                                                    8,741                                7,592

          Total                                                                                 1,461,102                             1,774,611




324
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
12 Tax and surcharges


                                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                                          2025                      2024



City maintenance and construction tax                                    97,672                    67,642

Education surcharges                                                      71,518                   49,472

Others                                                                  49,283                     62,303

Total                                                                   218,473                    179,417




                                                                                                                      About Us
13 Other operating expenses


                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2024
                                                                          2025
                                                                                               (Restated)



IT expenses                                                           2,179,558                  2,025,726




                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Stock exchange fees                                                    458,970                    366,592

Postal and communication expenses                                       329,177                   326,875

Cost of commodity sales                                                 321,501                         -



                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Travel expenses                                                        300,460                     318,539

Marketing, advertising and promotion expenses                           273,878                   423,647

Consulting fees                                                          135,181                  490,561

Securities investor protection funds                                     121,297                   106,242

Products distribution expenses                                          119,650                    54,924

Utilities                                                               62,680                      65,681

Rental expenses                                                         48,502                      31,234

Litigation and regulatory matters                                        18,563                    176,067




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Auditors' remuneration                                                    9,123                     12,578

Others                                                                1,063,064                  1,498,909

Total                                                                 5,441,604                  5,897,575




14 Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal


                                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                                          2025                      2024




                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
Reversal of impairment losses against cash and bank balances              (261)                      (190)
(Reversal of) /provision for impairment losses against cash held on
                                                                            (2)                         15
  behalf of brokerage clients
Provision for impairment losses against margin accounts
                                                                       605,598                    242,700




                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
  receivable
(Reversal of) /provision for impairment losses against other
                                                                       (12,676)                     4,453
  receivables and interest receivable
Reversal of impairment losses against debt instruments at
                                                                        (2,416)                      (125)
  amortised cost
Provision for /(reversal of) impairment losses against financial
                                                                          4,617                  (32,659)
  assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
Provision for /(reversal of) impairment losses against financial
                                                                          7,506                   (36,155)
  assets held under resale agreements
(Reversal of) /provision for impairment losses against accounts
  receivable                                                            (8,652)                    68,230

Total                                                                   593,714                   246,269




                                                                                                             325
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          15 Income tax expense

          (a) Taxation in the consolidated income statements represents:


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                     2025                         2024



          Current income tax                                                                   2,143,820                        882,656

            - Mainland China                                                                        415,177                      73,273

            - Hong Kong                                                                             62,359                            -

            - Income taxes under Pillar Two Rules                                                    31,053                     309,284

            - Overseas                                                                         2,652,409                       1,265,213

          Adjustment in respect of prior years

            - Mainland China                                                                         22,761                     (27,219)



          Deferred tax                                                                        (643,285)                      (1,404,528)

          Total                                                                                2,031,885                       (166,534)




          (1) According to the PRC Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") Law that took effect on 1 January 2008, the Company and the Group's
          subsidiaries in the Mainland China are subject to CIT at the statutory tax rate of 25%.

          (2) Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits. The federal income
          tax of subsidiaries in the United States were provided at the rate of 21%, whereas the states' income tax are charged at the
          applicable local tax rates.

          (3) The Group is subject to the global minimum top-up tax Pillar Two Rules. Pillar Two Rules has become effective in
          Hong Kong, Singapore and New Zealand, in which the Group's subsidiaries are incorporated. The Group has applied the
          temporary mandatory exception for recognising and disclosing deferred tax assets and liabilities for the impacts of the
          top-up tax and accounts for it as a current tax when it is incurred.


          (b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rate:


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                     2025                         2024



          Profit before income tax                                                            18,404,639                      15,352,340

          Notional tax calculated using the PRC statutory tax rate                             4,601,160                      3,838,085

          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                     167,653                      190,172

          Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                   (2,254,345)                     (2,522,090)
          Tax effect of deductible temporary differences or unused tax
                                                                                                      6,819                        9,214
            losses not recognised
          Effect of using the deductible tax losses for which no deferred tax
                                                                                                         -                      (5,054)
            asset was recognised in previous period
          Effect of different tax rates of the subsidiaries                                    (324,192)                     (1,420,405)

          Adjustment in respect of prior years                                                       22,761                     (27,219)

          Effect of Pillar Two Rules                                                                62,359                             -

          Others (Note)                                                                       (250,330)                       (229,237)

          Income tax expense for the year                                                      2,031,885                       (166,534)




          Note: The balance of others mainly represents tax impact of dividends to perpetual subordinated bonds.




326
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
16 Directors' and supervisors' remuneration

The remuneration of directors and supervisors for current year who held office is as follows:



                                                                        Year ended 31 December 2025
                                                   Salaries, allowances
                                                           and benefits          Contribution to
Name                             Directors' fees                  in kind      pension schemes        Annuity plan   Total



Executive directors

  Zhang Wei(10)                                -                      814                     48               178   1,040


                                                                                                                                       About Us
  Zhou Yi                                      -                    1,440                     48               155   1,643

  Yin lihong(3)                                -                      122                      8                 -     130

  Wang Ying(2)                                 -                     428                      28               157     613



Non-executive directors

  Ding Feng(1)                                 -                        -                      -                 -       -

  Chen Zhongyang(1)(11)                        -                        -                      -                 -       -

  Ke Xiang(1)                                  -                        -                      -                 -       -




                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
  Zhang Jin Xin(1)(11)                         -                        -                      -                 -       -

  Liu Changchun(1)(4)                          -                        -                      -                 -       -




                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
  Jin Yongfu(1)(5)                             -                        -                      -                 -       -



Independent non-executive
  directors
  Wang Jianwen                              240                         -                      -                 -     240

  Wang Quansheng                            240                         -                      -                 -     240

  Peng Bing                                 240                         -                      -                 -     240

  Wang Bing                                 240                         -                      -                 -     240

  Lo Kin Wing Terry(7)                      240                         -                      -                 -     240




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Supervisors(9)

  Gu Chengzhong                                -                      912                     48               162    1,122

  Lv Wei(1)                                    -                        -                      -                 -       -

  Yu Lanying(1)                                -                        -                      -                 -       -

  Zhang Xiaohong(1)                            -                        -                      -                 -       -

  Zhou Hongrong(1)                             -                        -                      -                 -       -

  Wang Ying(2)                                 -                     395                      20                 -     415

  Wang Juan                                    -                     543                      48                76     667

  Yu Wei(6)                                    -                     446                      48                80     574




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Total                                      1,200                    5,100                    296               808   7,404




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                              327
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                            Salaries, allowances             Contribution
                                                                    and benefits              to pension
          Name                            Directors' fees                  in kind              schemes        Annuity plan    Total



          Executive directors

            Zhang Wei(10)                               -                      812                     47               219     1,078

            Zhou Yi                                     -                    1,440                     47                151    1,638

            Yin Lihong(3)                               -                      731                     47               153      931



          Non-executive directors

            Ding Feng(1)                                -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Chen Zhongyang(1)(11)                       -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Ke Xiang(1)                                 -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Zhang Jin Xin(1)(11)                        -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Liu Changchun(1)(4)                         -                        -                      -                 -        -



          Independent non-executive
            directors
            Wang Jianwen                             240                         -                      -                 -      240

            Wang Quansheng                           240                         -                      -                 -      240

            Peng Bing                                240                         -                      -                 -      240

            Wang Bing                                240                         -                      -                 -      240

            Tse Yung Hoi(8)                           120                        -                      -                 -      120
            Lo Kin Wing Terry(7)                      140                        -                      -                 -      140



          Supervisors(9)

            Gu Chengzhong                               -                    1,094                     47               158     1,299

            Li Chongqi(1)(8)                            -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Lv Wei(1)                                   -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Yu Lanying(1)(11)                           -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Zhang Xiaohong(1)                           -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Zhou Hongrong(1)                            -                        -                      -                 -        -

            Wang Ying(2)                                -                    1,003                     47                83     1,133

            Wang Juan                                   -                     652                      47                73      772

          Total                                     1,220                    5,732                    282               837     8,071




          (1) The remunerations of these non-executive directors and supervisors of the Company were borne by its shareholders
          and other related parties including Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited, Jiangsu Communications Holdings Co., Ltd.,
          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd., etc. No allocation of the remunerations
          between these shareholders and the Group has been made during the reporting period.

          (2) Resigned as supervisor on 7 May 2025, appointed as executive director on 20 June 2025.

          (3) Resigned as executive director on 13 March 2025.

          (4) Resigned as non-executive director on 20 June 2025.

          (5) Appointed as non-executive director on 20 June 2025.

          (6) Appointed as supervisor on 7 May 2025.

          (7) Appointed as independent non-executive director or supervisor on 20 June 2024.

          (8) Resigned as independent non-executive director or supervisor on 20 June 2024.

          (9) Pursuant to the Shareholders' General Meeting resolution dated 18 October 2025, the Company no longer maintains
          a Board of Supervisors, with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors assuming the statutory powers and duties




328
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
previously held by the Board of Supervisors.

(10) Resigned as executive director on 23 January 2026. Wang Huiqing was appointed as executive director on 23 January
2026.

(11) Resigned as non-executive director on 23 January 2026. Yu Lanying and Chen Jianwei were appointed as non-
executive director on 23 January 2026.

(12) For the year ended 31 December 2025, in addition to remuneration of directors and supervisors as disclosed above, the
Company recognised share-based payment expense amounted to RMB1,299 thousand, for the restricted shares granted to
Zhou Yi under Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares (for the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB663 thousand).


                                                                                                                                                 About Us
The total pre-tax remuneration in the table represents the compensation accrued and paid during the year 2025 and
2024, respectively, which was received by the directors or supervisors during their tenure in the relevant positions. The total
compensation packages of the directors and supervisors for the fiscal year 2025 have not been finalised and will be further
disclosed when they are confirmed.

There were no amounts paid during the year ended 31 December 2025 to the directors and supervisors in connection with
their retirement from employment or compensation for loss of office with the Company, or inducement to join. During the
year, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor who had resigned waived or agreed to waive any
remuneration.



17 Individuals with highest emoluments                                                                                                        Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, none are directors or supervisors whose emoluments are disclosed in
Note 16. The aggregate of the emoluments are as follows:



                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2025                                  2024




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Salaries and allowances                                                                12,617                                12,768

Discretionary bonuses                                                                 29,293                                37,928

Employer's contribution to pension schemes                                               267                                   262

Share-based payments                                                                      79                                   525

Total                                                                                 42,256                                51,483




The emoluments with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:



                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2025                                  2024




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
                                                                       Number of individuals                 Number of individuals



RMB7,000,001 to RMB8,000,000                                                               2                                     -




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
RMB8,000,001 to RMB9,000,000                                                               2                                     2

RMB9,000,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                               1                                       1

RMB10,000,001 to RMB11,000,000                                                             -                                        1

Over RMB11,000,000                                                                         -                                        1

Total                                                                                      5                                     5




No emoluments are paid or payable to these individuals as retirement from employment or as an inducement to join or
upon joining the Company or as compensation for loss of office during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                        329
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          18 Other comprehensive income


                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                                   Before tax                 Tax expense      Net of tax



          Net (losses)/gain from debt instruments at FVOCI                         (568,389)                         142,511   (425,878)

          Equity instruments at FVOCI:

            - Net movements in fair value reserve (non-recycling)                    1,149,468                    (124,870)     1,024,598

          Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                                  44,844                              -       44,844
          Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint
                                                                                    (178,833)                             -     (178,833)
           ventures
          Exchange differences on translation of financial statements in foreign
            currencies                                                              (570,295)                             -    (570,295)
          Total                                                                     (123,205)                        17,641    (105,564)




                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                                   Before tax                  Tax expense     Net of tax



          Net gain from debt instruments at FVOCI                                       58,221                      (12,120)        46,101

          Equity instruments at FVOCI:

            - Net movements in fair value reserve (non-recycling)                         (15)                           97            82

          Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                                  (83,916)                            -      (83,916)
          Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint
                                                                                      367,987                             -       367,987
           ventures
          Exchange differences on translation of financial statements in foreign
            currencies                                                                267,501                             -       267,501

          Total                                                                       609,778                       (12,023)      597,755




330
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
19 Basic and diluted earnings per share

(1) Basic earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December

                                                                  Notes                    2025                       2024




                                                                                                                                         About Us
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
 of the Company (in RMB thousands)                               19(1)(a)              15,587,076                 14,635,336
Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands)        19(1)(b)               9,021,752                 9,009,279
Basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders
 (in RMB per share)                                                                          1.73                        1.62




(a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (in RMB
thousands)



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                                                         Year ended 31 December

                                                                                             2025                     2024



Consolidated net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company               16,383,497                15,351,162          and Strategies
Dividends declared under Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares                       (551)                   (7,960)

Profit attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds holders of the Company (i)           (795,870)                (707,866)
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company
 (Adjusted)                                                                              15,587,076               14,635,336




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
(i) For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025, RMB
796 million (2024: RMB 708million) attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds were deducted from profits attributable to
shareholders of the Company.


(b) Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands)


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2025                       2024



Number of ordinary shares as at 1 January                                               9,027,302                 9,074,663




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Decrease in weighted average number of ordinary shares                                    (5,550)                  (65,384)

Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                              9,021,752                 9,009,279




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                331
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Diluted earnings per share

          Diluted earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
          Company (diluted) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                                     Notes              2025                       2024



          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
           the Company (diluted)                                                    19(2)(a)        15,587,627                 14,638,263
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares
           outstanding(diluted) (in thousands)                                      19(2)(b)        9,022,455                   9,016,227
          Diluted earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders
            (in Renminbi per share)                                                                       1.73                       1.62




          (a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted) is
          calculated as follows:


                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2025                       2024



          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company
                                                                                                   15,587,076                  14,635,336
           (Adjusted)
          Diluted adjustments:
          Effect of dividends declared under Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A
                                                                                                          551                      7,960
            Shares(i)
                                                                             (ii)
          Assumed vesting of shares granted to employees of a subsidiary                                    -                     (5,033)
          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company
           (diluted)                                                                                15,587,627                 14,638,263




          (i) The Group granted Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A shares to certain employees in 2021. Diluted earnings per
          share should take into account both the impact of the cash dividend of the current period distributed to the holders of
          restricted shares who are expected to reach the unlocking conditions and estimate number of restricted shares which will
          be unlocked. After considering the abovementioned impact, the Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme has a dilutive effect for
          the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: dilutive).

          (ii) The dilutive effect is due to the share-based payment schemes of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., a former subsidiary
          of the Company.


          (b) Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (diluted) is calculated as follows:


                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2025                       2024



          Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                                  9,021,752                 9,009,279

          Diluted adjustments:

          Effect of Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A shares                                         703                      6,948

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares(diluted)                                       9,022,455                   9,016,227




332
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
20 Property and equipment


                                               Motor      Electronic    Furniture and      Construction     Right-of-use
                               Buildings     vehicles    equipment             fixtures     in progress           assets          Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2025            4,851,019     154,475      2,149,778           428,367          1,275,114      2,350,883      11,209,636

Additions                           3,311       32,175        231,214            15,980         489,626          543,344       1,315,650

Transfer during the year            1,906         701            722               355          (40,114)                -      (36,430)

Acquisition of a subsidiary             -        1,075             -              11,373               -              128         12,576


                                                                                                                                                     About Us
Transfer in from
   investment properties            10,711          -              -                  -                -                -          10,711
   (Note 21)
Disposals                               -    (29,337)       (85,367)         (137,066)                 -       (754,644)     (1,006,414)
Transfer to investment
                                (18,686)            -              -                  -         (2,426)                 -        (21,112)
  properties
As at 31 December 2025         4,848,261      159,089      2,296,347           319,009         1,722,200         2,139,711     11,484,617



Accumulated
 depreciation




                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
As at 1 January 2025          (1,532,929)    (110,600)   (1,404,835)         (318,980)                 -      (1,352,880)    (4,720,224)

Charge for the year            (140,539)      (12,236)     (271,886)           (48,318)                -        (482,156)      (955,135)
Transfer in from




                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
   investment properties         (5,933)            -              -                  -                -                -        (5,933)
   (Note 21)
Disposals                               -      28,482         80,757            120,012                -         705,269        934,520
Transfer to investment
                                   11,706           -              -                  -                -                -          11,706
   properties (Note 21)
As at 31 December 2025        (1,667,695)    (94,354)    (1,595,964)         (247,286)                 -       (1,129,767)   (4,735,066)



Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2025         3,180,566       64,735       700,383              71,723        1,722,200        1,009,944      6,749,551




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                            333
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                       Electronic     Furniture and      Construction      Right-of-use
                                     Buildings     Motor vehicles     equipment              fixtures     in progress            assets          Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2024        4,848,570            156,796        2,118,972          487,843          565,790           2,618,734    10,796,705

          Additions                         286               686         182,403               41,811        764,068           358,395       1,347,649

          Transfer during the year            -                  -             518              4,259         (54,744)                 -      (49,967)
          Transfer in from
            investment properties          2,163                 -               -                  -                 -                -          2,163
            (Note 21)
          Disposals                           -            (1,790)         (65,211)           (4,524)                 -        (289,773)      (361,298)

          Disposal of subsidiaries            -                  -       (82,966)           (100,278)                 -         (328,811)     (512,055)
          Reclassified as held for
            sale                              -             (1,217)        (3,938)              (744)                 -          (7,662)        (13,561)
          As at 31 December 2024       4,851,019           154,475       2,149,778           428,367           1,275,114       2,350,883     11,209,636



          Accumulated
           depreciation
          As at 1 January 2024       (1,392,980)         (102,062)      (1,219,878)          (311,593)                -       (1,250,482)   (4,276,995)

          Charge for the year          (138,159)          (10,752)       (312,865)           (64,330)                 -        (547,296)    (1,073,402)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties       (1,790)                 -               -                  -                 -                -        (1,790)
             (Note 21)
          Disposals                           -              1,375          56,517               1,412                -          277,395       336,699

          Disposal of subsidiaries            -                  -         68,203             54,999                  -          164,956       288,158
          Reclassified as held for
            sale                              -               839            3,188               532                  -            2,547          7,106
          As at 31 December 2024     (1,532,929)         (110,600)     (1,404,835)          (318,980)                 -       (1,352,880)   (4,720,224)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2024      3,318,090            43,875         744,943             109,387          1,275,114        998,003       6,489,412




          As at 31 December 2025, included in buildings, there is a carrying amount of RMB 38.67 million for which the Group has yet to
          obtain the relevant land or building certificates (as at 31 December 2024: RMB35.27 million).




334
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
21 Investment properties


                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                              2025                                  2024



Cost

As at 1 January                                                             340,234                               262,472

Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                              21,112                                    -

Transfer in from other current assets                                              -                               79,925



                                                                                                                                       About Us
Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                 (10,711)                              (2,163)

As at 31 December                                                           350,635                               340,234



Accumulated depreciation

As at 1 January                                                            (127,443)                              (121,641)

Charge for the year                                                          (8,741)                              (7,592)

Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                           (11,706)                                     -

Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                  5,933                                  1,790

As at 31 December                                                          (141,957)                             (127,443)



Impairment
                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
As at 1 January                                                            (30,660)                               (4,547)

Transfer in from other current assets                                              -                              (26,113)

As at 31 December                                                          (30,660)                              (30,660)



Carrying amount                                                              178,018                                182,131




As at 31 December 2025, included in investment properties, there is a carrying amount of RMB 0.17 million, for which the




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates (as at 31 December 2024: RMB4.00 million).




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                              335
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          22 Goodwill


          Cost

          As at 1 January 2025                                                                                                      51,342

          Acquisition through business combination (Note 24)                                                                       201,433

          Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                                                    (3,068)

          As at 31 December 2025                                                                                                   249,707



          Impairment losses

          As at 1 January 2025                                                                                                           -

          Impairment losses                                                                                                              -

          As at 31 December 2025                                                                                                         -



          Carrying amounts

          As at 1 January 2025                                                                                                      51,342

          As at 31 December 2025                                                                                                   249,707




          Cost

          As at 1 January 2024                                                                                                    3,419,332

          Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                              (3,367,990)

          As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                     51,342



          Impairment losses

          As at 1 January 2024                                                                                                           -

          Impairment losses                                                                                                              -

          As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                         -



          Carrying amounts

          As at 1 January 2024                                                                                                    3,419,332

          As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                     51,342




          The Group acquired the investment banking business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
          Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over
          the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill.

          The Group acquired the futures brokerage business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
          Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (previously known as Great Wall Futures Co., Ltd.) in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair
          value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill.

          The Group acquired the overseas business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in Egmont
          Honey Holdings Limited in 2025. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair
          value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill.




336
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Impairment testing on goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to the Group's cash-generating units ("CGU") identified according to operating segment as follows:



                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                            2025                                       2023




Investment banking                                                          51,090                                     51,090

Futures brokerage                                                             252                                          252

Overseas business                                                          198,365                                           -


                                                                                                                                          About Us
Total                                                                      249,707                                     51,342




The cash flows generated from each subsidiary acquired are independent. Therefore, each of these acquired subsidiaries
is a separate CGU. The Group performed the impairment test for the goodwill generated from each CGU.

The recoverable amounts of each CGU are determined based on value-in-use calculations, respectively. These calculations
use cash flow projections with reference to financial budgets approved by management covering certain period. Cash-
flows beyond the certain period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth rate, which does not


                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
exceed the long-term average growth rate. As at 31 December 2025, the discount rate used by the investment banking,
futures brokerage and overseas business CGUs were 16.00%,13.33% and 16.00%, respectively (16.00% and 13.33% for the



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
investment banking and futures brokerage CGUs, respectively, as at 31 December 2024), and the weighted average growth
rate were 5.00%, 4.94%, and 2.00%, respectively (5.00% and 6.60% for the investment banking and futures brokerage CGUs,
respectively, as at 31 December 2024). The discount rate and weighted average growth rate reflected the risks and growth
expectations of the relevant CGUs.

Other major assumptions for the recoverable amount estimation relate to the estimation of cash inflows / outflows which
include budgeted income and profit margins. Such estimation is based on the CGU's past performance and management's
expectations for the market development.




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 337
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          23 Land-use rights and other intangible assets


                                                           Existing          Enterprise
                                                     relationships          distribution
                                           Land-      with broker-    channel customer                     Software and
                                        use rights         dealers        relationships    Trade names           others          Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2025           1,768,330                -                    -              -        2,718,476     4,486,806

          Additions                              -                -                    -              -         348,426        348,426

          Acquisition of a subsidiary            -                -               57,659         111,200               -       168,859

          Disposal                               -                -                    -              -             (85)          (85)

          Exchange differences                   -                -                (942)         (1,757)         (3,345)       (6,044)

          As at 31 December 2025         1,768,330                                56,717        109,443        3,063,472     4,997,962



          Accumulated amortisation

          As at 1 January 2025           (241,860)                -                    -              -      (2,209,047)    (2,450,907)

          Charge for the year             (41,772)                -              (8,572)              -        (363,209)      (413,553)

          Disposals                              -                -                    -              -               85            85

          Exchange differences                   -                -                  282              -             1,138         1,420

          As at 31 December 2025         (283,632)                -              (8,290)              -       (2,571,033)   (2,862,955)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2025         1,484,698                -               48,427        109,443         492,439       2,135,007




338
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                     Existing            Enterprise
                                               relationships            distribution
                                   Land-        with broker-      channel customer                         Software
                                use rights           dealers          relationships     Trade names      and others          Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2024              1,768,330          4,011,405               195,859         355,792       4,696,188     11,027,574

Additions                                 -                  -                     -                -        601,230       601,230

Disposals                                 -                  -                     -                -         (1,228)       (1,228)

Disposal of subsidiaries                  -         (4,102,171)             (201,988)       (364,190)     (2,631,825)   (7,300,174)

Reclassified as held for sale             -                  -                     -                -         (6,122)       (6,122)



                                                                                                                                                About Us
Exchange differences                      -           90,766                    6,129          8,398          60,233       165,526

As at 31 December 2024            1,768,330                  -                     -                -       2,718,476    4,486,806



Accumulated amortisation

As at 1 January 2024             (200,089)                   -                     -        (203,590)     (3,108,635)    (3,512,314)

Charge for the year                 (41,771)                 -                     -          (2,950)      (546,639)      (591,360)

Disposals                                 -                  -                     -                -           1,228         1,228

Disposal of subsidiaries                  -                  -                     -           211,481      1,479,708      1,691,189




                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Reclassified as held for sale             -                  -                     -                -          5,297          5,297

Exchange differences                      -                  -                     -          (4,941)       (40,006)      (44,947)

As at 31 December 2024           (241,860)                   -                     -                -    (2,209,047)    (2,450,907)



Carrying amount
                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
As at 31 December 2024            1,526,470                  -                     -                -       509,429      2,035,899




During the year of 2025, trade names are not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite because there
is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group (during




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
the year of 2024: existing relationships with brokers-dealers and enterprise distribution channel customer relationships are
not amortised while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite because there is no foreseeable limit to the period over
which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group).




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                       339
340



      24 Investments in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) Details of principal subsidiaries

      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of shares hold is
      ordinary, and the issued and fully paid-up capital is expressed in Renminbi Yuan:


                                                                              Place and date of
                                                                                 Incorporation /     Issued and fully    Equity interest held by the Company                                           Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                               establishment and business       paid-up capital               as at 31 December                      Principal activity            GAAP
                                                                                                                                     2025                      2024                                   2025                2024



                                                                                            PRC                  RMB                                                             Investment     Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                        100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                               5 September 1997           997,480,000                                                               banking       PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                              PRC                RMB                                                                 Futures    Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                     10 July 1995       3,939,000,000                                                             brokerage       PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                             PRC                 RMB                                                                  Equity    Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                   100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                  12 August 2008        5,200,000,000                                                            investment       PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                     Hong Kong                   HKD                                                               Securities       Deloitte            Deloitte
      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited(2)                                                                             100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                              23 November 2006          8,800,000,000                                                 and futures brokerage         HKFRSs               HKFRSs


                                                                                      Hong Kong                   HKD                                                                Holding        Deloitte            Deloitte
      Huatai International Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                            100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                      5 April 2017      10,200,000,002                                                             company          HKFRSs               HKFRSs


                                                                                           PRC                   RMB                                                              Alternative   Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                    100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                               21 November 2013         2,600,000,000                                                            investment       PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                            PRC                  RMB                                                                Asset       Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Assets Management Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                 16 October 2014        2,600,000,000                                                         management          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


      Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited                              PRC                 RMB                                                                  Equity    Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
                                                                                                                                   45.00%                  45.00%
       Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                         1 June 2015                  -                                                             investment       PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                             PRC                  RMB                                                                 Equity    Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Yili Suxin Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                                    24.73%                 24.73%
                                                                                 19 February 2016        1,348,088,000                                                           investment       PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP
                                                                          Place and date of
                                                                             Incorporation /   Issued and fully   Equity interest held by the Company                                           Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                           establishment and business     paid-up capital              as at 31 December                    Principal activity              GAAP
                                                                                                                              2025                      2024                                   2025                2024
                                                                                                                                                               Spread trading and
                                                                                       PRC                RMB                                                                            Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Capital Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%    commodity warrant
                                                                            6 December 2013        650,000,000                                                                             PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP
                                                                                                                                                                           trading


                                                                                        PRC                RMB                                                        Investment         Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Investment Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                               100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                               3 August 2017        550,000,000                                                     management             PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP




      (1) Auditors of the respective subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

      - Deloitte PRC represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, a firm of certified public accountants registered in PRC;

      - Deloitte represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in Hong Kong, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Hong Kong;

      (2) These subsidiaries are indirectly controlled by the Company.

      (3) As at 31 December 2025, the Company indirectly held less than 50% of the equity of Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited Partnership) and Yili Suxin Investment
      Fund (Limited Partnership). According to the articles of partnership agreement, the Company has the power to control these funds and has the ability to use the power to affect the
      Company's variable return amount. Therefore, they are included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements.

      (4) Company with limited liability in Mainland China.

      (5) Limited partnership in Mainland China.




341
                                      Financial Report and                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                                                                    Corporate Governance                                                                      About Us                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                    Documents for Inspection                                                                 and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Acquisition of a subsidiary

          The Group holds 90.04% interest of New Zealand Nutrifoods Investment Group Limited through a consolidated structured
          entity, which acquired 100.00% interest of Egmont Honey Holdings Limited in March 2025. The acquisition has been
          accounted for as acquisition of business using the acquisition method.


          Consideration transferred


                                                                                                                                        RMB'000



          Cash                                                                                                                           286,103
          Payable to original shareholders of Egmont Honey Holdings
                                                                                                                                           31,554
            Limited
          Total acquisition cost                                                                                                          317,657

          Less: share of fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                                                 (116,224)

          Goodwill                                                                                                                        201,433




          None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.


          Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition


                                                                                                   Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at
                                                                                                  the date of acquisition (provisional amounts)
                                                                                                                                        RMB'000



          Cash and bank balances                                                                                                          41,432

          Property and equipment                                                                                                          12,448

          Right-of-use assets                                                                                                                128

          Land-use rights and other intangible assets                                                                                    168,859

          Other assets                                                                                                                   219,084

          Other payables and accruals                                                                                                  (294,192)

          Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                      (31,535)

          Total                                                                                                                           116,224




          If there's adjustment on the provisional value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition since
          one year from the acquisition date, the amounts of deferred tax liabilities and goodwill may be adjusted accordingly.




342
                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
25 Interests in associates


                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                                  2025                                                      2024



Share of net assets                                                                          22,285,733                                                 21,446,915




Following the approval at the 14th meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors on December 20, 2024, the


                                                                                                                                                                              About Us
Company agreed to transfer its 20% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd. ("Jiangsu Equity Exchange
Center") to Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd. The equity transfer was completed in January 2025. Consequently, the
Company's shareholding in Jiangsu Equity Exchange Center was reduced to 32%, resulting in the loss of control over the
entity. Jiangsu Equity Exchange Center became an associate of the Company. The investment gain generated from the
disposal of the subsidiary was RMB304 thousand.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group has pledged the shares of interest in associates with a total book value of
RMB3,898million to the People's Bank of China for securities, funds, and insurance company swap facilities (as at 31
December 2024: Nil).



                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
As at 31 December 2025, the Group has pledged the shares of interest in an associate with a total book value of RMB1,745
million to China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ("CSF") for refinancing and supporting the Group's securities lending



                                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
business (as at 31 December 2024: RMB5,214 million).

The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which (except that Bank of Jiangsu has been
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange) are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available:



                                                                                         Proportion of owner ship interest
                            Registered                                                                                                                  Principal
Name of associate                place      Registered capital        Group's effective interest Held by the Company      Held by a subsidiary           activity




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                           31/12/2025 31/12/2024       2025/12/31    2024/12/31 2025/12/31 2024/12/31 2025/12/31 2024/12/31



                                                                                                                                                      Commercial
Bank of Jiangsu(i)               Nanjing    18,351,324   18,351,324         5.03%        5.03%        5.03%      5.03%             -             -
                                                                                                                                                         banking
China Southern Asset                                                                                                                                       Fund
                             Shenzhen          361,720     361,720          41.16%       41.16%      41.16%      41.16%            -             -
  Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                               management




Both the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

(i) The Company has appointed one director in the board of directors of Bank of Jiangsu. The Company exercises
significant influence over Bank of Jiangsu by participating in the formulation of financial and operational policies through
the director it has appointed.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                     343
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summarised financial information of Bank of Jiangsu and China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. which are individually
          significant associates to the Group are disclosed below:

          Bank of Jiangsu



                                                                                    As at 30 September                        As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2025                                   2024



          Gross amounts of the associate

          Assets                                                                            4,927,496,856                           3,951,814,000

          Liabilities                                                                      (4,581,228,628)                        (3,638,475,403)

          Net assets                                                                          346,268,228                             313,338,597




                                                                             Period ended 30 September                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                    2025                                   2024



          Revenue                                                                               67,182,801                            80,815,000

          Profit for the year                                                                   31,894,651                             33,258,161

          Other comprehensive income                                                          (3,632,623)                              6,872,626

          Total comprehensive income                                                           28,262,028                              40,130,787




                                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                    2025                                   2024



          Dividend received from the associate                                                    197,989                                 716,787




                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2025                                   2024



          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                              12,995,122                             11,744,260




          Note: Bank of Jiangsu is a joint-stock bank listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The annual financial information of
          Bank of Jiangsu is usually announced after the announcement of the Group's financial results. The financial information
          presented above is extracted from the Third Quarterly Report of Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. 2025. The Group measured the
          carrying amount of its investment in Bank of Jiangsu based on the financial information of the first three quarters of 2025
          and took into account the impact of adjustments in the fourth quarter of 2025.




344
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.



                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                               2025                     2024



Gross amounts of the associate

Assets                                                                     17,922,163               17,598,335

Liabilities                                                               (6,391,218)              (4,923,657)

Net assets                                                                11,530,945                12,674,678




                                                                                                                          About Us
                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                               2025                     2024



Revenue                                                                    8,767,422                7,522,605

Profit for the year                                                       2,705,484                  2,351,599

Other comprehensive (expense)/income                                       (20,402)                     12,028




                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Total comprehensive income                                                2,685,082                 2,363,627

Other adjustment                                                                   -                  806,170

Dividend received from the associate                                        1,516,451                       -



Reconciled to the Group's interest in the associate:                                                                    and Strategies
Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company             11,125,553               12,334,396

The Group's effective interest                                                41.16%                    41.16%

The Group's share of net assets of the associate                           4,579,278                5,076,837

Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                   4,579,278                5,076,837




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:



                                                                               2025                     2024


Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
                                                                            4,711,333                4,625,818
  consolidated financial statements



Aggregate amounts of the Group's share of those associates' gains            719,643                 (231,374)

Other comprehensive income                                                   (1,570)                        -

Total comprehensive income                                                   718,073                 (231,374)




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 345
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          26 Interests in joint ventures


                                                                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                                                                            2025                                 2024



          Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair value through profit or losss (i)                                297,529                              208,769

          Unlisted investment in joint ventures                                                                          1,047,248                             790,344

          Total                                                                                                          1,344,777                              999,113




          (i) As at 31 December 2025, the Group elected to measure its investment in Huatai International Greater Bay Area
          Investment Fund, L.P. of RMB298 million held through Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly-owned
          subsidiary, at fair value through profit or loss as management measured the performance of this joint venture on a fair
          value basis.

          The following list contains only the particulars of unlisted joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in
          the consolidated financial statements, and details of the joint venture as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 are
          as follows:



                                                                                                         Proportion of ownership interest
                                                         Registered          Registered      Group's effective          Held by the             Held by a    Principal
          Name of joint venture                               place             capital               interest           Company               subsidiary     activity


          Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu)
           Capital Market Investment Fund                                                                                                                        Equity
           of Funds (Limited Partnership)(i)                 Nanjing            10,001,000              10.00%                       -             10.00%   investment




          (i) As at 31 December 2025, the Group held 10.00% equity interest of Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu) Capital Market Investment
          Fund of Funds (Limited Partnership). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group and a third party
          contractually agree to share control of the fund, and have rights to the net assets of the fund. The directors of the Group
          consider the fund is jointly controlled by the Group and the third party, and it is therefore accounted for as a joint venture of
          the Group.




346
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
27 Debt instruments at amortised cost

(a) Analysed by nature:

Non-current



                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025                                2024



Debt securities                                                                   42,560,006                       40,859,525


                                                                                                                                             About Us
Less: impairment losses                                                              (2,837)                              (4,761)

Total                                                                             42,557,169                       40,854,764



Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                          23,202,809                           19,315,669

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                              109,921                             180,622

Unlisted                                                                          19,244,439                           21,358,473

Total                                                                             42,557,169                       40,854,764




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Current


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025                                2024



Debt securities                                                                     1,961,258                          6,939,588

Less: impairment losses                                                                (120)                               (630)

Total                                                                               1,961,138                          6,938,958




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                            244,324                            3,867,704

Unlisted                                                                            1,716,814                           3,071,254

Total                                                                               1,961,138                          6,938,958




As at 31 December 2025, the Group has pledged debt instruments at amortised cost with a total fair value of RMB41,621
million and carrying amount of RMB39,548 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business and derivative
business (as at 31 December 2024: a total fair value of RMB33,578 million and carrying amount of RMB30,930 million).




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
(b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                       2025                                2024



At the beginning of the year                                                           5,391                               5,499

Reversal for the year, net                                                           (2,416)                                (125)

Other changes                                                                           (18)                                   17

At the end of the year                                                                 2,957                                5,391




                                                                                                                                    347
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          28 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025                             2024



          Debt securities                                                                   38,412,576                       5,938,076

          Total                                                                             38,412,576                       5,938,076



          Analysed as:

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                          5,439,272                           271,247

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                              123,127                         360,543

          Unlisted                                                                          32,850,177                       5,306,286

          Total                                                                             38,412,576                       5,938,076




          Current



                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2025                             2024



          Debt securities                                                                   6,403,360                         4,197,477

          Total                                                                             6,403,360                         4,197,477



          Analysed as:

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                             561,136                        845,668

          Unlisted                                                                          5,842,224                         3,351,809

          Total                                                                             6,403,360                         4,197,477




          As at 31 December 2025, the Group has pledged debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income with a
          total fair value of RMB 28,007 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business and bond lending business (as at 31
          December 2024: RMB1,342 million).

          As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income with
          commitment were RMB1,086 million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB1,023 million).




348
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
29 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

(a) Analysed by nature:

Non-current



                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                     2025                          2024



Equity securities designated at financial assets at fair value through other


                                                                                                                                     About Us
  comprehensive income
 - Listed equity securities                                                      14,517,414                            -

 - Unlisted equity securities                                                      96,064                         125,860

Total                                                                            14,613,478                       125,860



Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                         9,177,694                             -

Listed in Hong Kong                                                              5,339,720                             -

Unlisted                                                                           96,064                         125,860



                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
Total                                                                            14,613,478                       125,860




                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
Equity instruments at FVOCI include non-traded equity instruments held by the Group. As the equity instruments are not
held for trading purpose, the Group has designated these investments as equity instruments at FVOCI.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the fair value gains from the equity instruments at FVOCI recognised in other
comprehensive income amounted to RMB1,149,468 thousand (During the year ended 31 December 2024: the losses
amounted to RMB15 thousand).

As a result of the change of investment strategies, the Group disposed certain equity instrument at FVOCI and the




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
corresponding gains amounted to RMB631,110 thousand was reclassified from fair value reserve to retained profits (During
the year ended 31 December 2024: the losses amounted to RMB143 thousand).




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                            349
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          30 Financial assets held under resale agreements

          (a) Analysed by collateral type:

          Non-current



                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2025                  2024



          Equity securities                                    1,121,103               200,110

          Less: impairment losses                               (3,631)                 (500)

          Total                                                1,117,472              199,610




          Current



                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2025                  2024



          Debt securities                                    12,465,779             12,308,144

          Equity securities                                  4,645,831              3,339,156

          Less: impairment losses                            (619,896)              (618,509)

          Total                                              16,491,714             15,028,791




          (b) Analysed by market:

          Non-current



                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2025                  2024



          Shanghai stock exchange                              901,035                 200,110

          Others                                               220,068                      -

          Less: impairment losses                               (3,631)                 (500)

          Total                                                1,117,472              199,610




          Current



                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2025                  2024



          Inter-bank market                                   7,356,016             8,520,557

          Shenzhen stock exchange                            4,968,673              2,760,201

          Shanghai stock exchange                             3,451,518               787,717

          Others                                              1,335,403             3,578,825

          Less: impairment losses                            (619,896)              (618,509)

          Total                                              16,491,714             15,028,791




350
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(c) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                      2024



At the beginning of the year                                                             619,009                    653,126

Charge/(reversal) for the year, net                                                        7,506                   (36,155)

Other                                                                                    (2,988)                      2,038

Total                                                                                    623,527                    619,009



                                                                                                                                        About Us
(d) Analysed by remaining contractual maturities of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                      2024



Within 1 month                                                                           675,473                   823,232




                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
1 to 3 months                                                                           922,646                     251,808

3 months to 1 year                                                                      3,047,712                  2,264,116

Over 1 year                                                                              1,121,103                  200,110



                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Less: impairment losses                                                               (492,469)                  (487,960)

Total                                                                                  5,274,465                  3,051,306




(e) Analysed by the stage of ECL of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                      As at 31 December 2025




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                                          Lifetime ECL-not credit                   Lifetime
                                         12-month ECL                                                                Total
                                                                       impaired         ECL-credit impaired



Amortised cost                               5,294,500                          -                     472,434    5,766,934

Impairment losses                             (20,035)                          -                    (472,434)   (492,469)

Carrying amount                              5,274,465                          -                           -    5,274,465

Collateral                                  14,969,792                          -                           -    14,969,792




                                                                      As at 31 December 2024
                                                          Lifetime ECL-not credit                   Lifetime




                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                         12-month ECL                                                                Total
                                                                       impaired         ECL-credit impaired



Amortised cost                               3,060,224                          -                      479,042    3,539,266




                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Impairment losses                               (8,918)                         -                    (479,042)   (487,960)

Carrying amount                               3,051,306                         -                            -    3,051,306

Collateral                                   8,030,573                          -                            -    8,030,573




As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the collateral of the Group's financial assets held under resale agreements was
RMB25,408,601 thousand (31 December 2024: RMB21,431,864 thousand).




                                                                                                                               351
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          31 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

          Non-current


          (a) Analysed by type:


                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                          2025                    2024



          Equity securities                                            4,938,291               4,387,352

          Mutual funds                                                  754,473                  528,732

          Other debt instruments                                         380,212                376,065

          Total                                                        6,072,976               5,292,149




          (b) Analysed as:


                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                          2025                    2024



          Listed outside Hong Kong                                      494,486                 493,753

          Unlisted                                                    5,578,490                4,798,396

          Total                                                        6,072,976               5,292,149




          Current


          (a) Analysed by type:


                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                          2025                    2024



          Equity securities                                          106,148,907              56,974,351

          Debt securities                                            169,288,045              171,564,677

          Mutual funds                                                87,362,596              60,547,525

          Private funds                                               5,595,740                3,548,647

          Wealth management products                                   4,287,024               3,280,955

          Other debt instruments                                         187,041                329,453

          Total                                                      372,869,353             296,245,608




352
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(b) Analysed as:


                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                           2025                               2024



Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              173,987,041                         119,442,341

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                               28,176,956                          17,830,773

Unlisted                                                                             170,705,356                         158,972,494

Total                                                                                372,869,353                        296,245,608




                                                                                                                                                 About Us
As at 31 December 2025, the fund investments with lock-up periods in its investment portfolio held by the Group are RMB
969 million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB880 million).

As at 31 December 2025, the listed equity securities held by the Group included approximately RMB777 million of restricted
shares (as at 31 December 2024: RMB710 million). The restricted shares are listed in the PRC with a legally enforceable
restriction on these securities that prevents the Group to dispose of within the specified period.

The equity interest in unlisted securities held by the Group are issued by private companies. The value of the securities is



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
measured by comparing with comparable companies that are listed and in the same sector or measured by using other
valuation techniques.



                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Non-current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments are expected to be realised or restricted for
sale beyond one year from the end of the respective reporting periods. The fair value of the Group's investments in unlisted
funds, which mainly invest in publicly traded equities listed in the PRC, are valued based on the net asset values of the funds
calculated by the respective fund managers by reference to their underlying assets and liabilities' fair values.

The fair value of the Group's investments in equity securities without restriction, exchange-listed funds and debt securities
are determined with reference to their quoted prices as at reporting date.




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
As at 31 December 2025, the Group has entered into securities lending arrangement with clients that resulted in the transfer
of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments with total fair value of RMB2,229 million to external clients
(as at 31 December 2024: RMB1,275 million), which did not result in derecognition of the financial assets. The fair value of
collateral for the securities lending business is analysed in Note 37(c) together with the fair value of collateral of margin
financing business.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments with a total
fair value of RMB 136,127 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business, bond lending business and derivative
business (as at 31 December 2024: RMB136,355 million).

As at 31 December 2025, the wealth management products held by the Group included approximately RMB40 million of
restricted products(as at 31 December 2024: RMB70 million). The restricted products are subscribed by the Group as the




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
fund manager with a legally enforceable restriction on these products that prevents the Group to dispose of within the
specified period.




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                        353
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          32 Refundable deposits


                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                               2025                   2024



          Deposits with stock exchanges

          - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                     22,620                 16,684

          - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited    2,322,297              1,682,104

          - Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                          88,033                  71,420

          - Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited                         146,292                 44,028

                                                                           2,579,242               1,814,236



          Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges

          - China Financial Futures Exchange                               19,035,587              10,401,127

          - Shanghai Futures Exchange                                      7,906,399              4,385,920

          - Dalian Commodity Exchange                                      2,807,295              3,098,634

          - Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                                   2,456,620              2,698,887

          - Shanghai International Energy Exchange                           594,352                965,577

          - Other domestic commodity exchange                               1,942,996               537,815

          - Overseas commodity exchange                                         8,710                 52,110

                                                                           34,751,959             22,140,070



          Deposits with other institutions

          - China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                        9,691                   1,218

          - Shanghai Clearing House                                         1,125,959               814,963

          - Shanghai Gold Exchange                                                 -                    200

          - Others financial institutions                                  10,924,776              8,680,611

                                                                           12,060,426             9,496,992

          Total                                                            49,391,627             33,451,298




354
      33 Deferred taxation

      (a) The components of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and the movements during
      the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                                                             Asset appraisal
                                                                                          Changes in fair             Changes in        Changes in fair     increments from
                                                                                        value of financial           fair value of    value of financial       non‑common
                                                 Provision for   Employee benefits           instruments      derivative financial         instruments      control business
      Deferred tax arising from:           impairment losses              payable      measured at FVTPL             instruments     measured at FVOCI         combinations           Others           Total



      As at 1 January 2025                             765,016            1,785,665               (713,194)                172,836              (48,429)                    -        (846,516)      1,115,378

      Recognised in profit or loss                     145,848                49,112              (37,514)                355,322                      -                 470           130,047      643,285

      Acquisition of subsidiaries                            -                    -                      -                       -                     -             (29,061)          (2,474)      (31,535)

      Recognised in reserves                              (36)                    -                      -                       -                 17,677                   -                 -        17,641

      As at 31 December 2025                           910,828            1,834,777              (750,708)                 528,158              (30,752)             (28,591)        (718,943)     1,744,769



      As at 1 January 2024                             712,946             1,593,378             (735,042)               (206,845)              (30,969)           (1,193,296)       (1,398,113)   (1,257,941)

      Recognised in profit or loss                      46,919              255,301                 20,766                 379,681                     -                11,359        690,502       1,404,528

      Disposal of subsidiaries                           (286)             (49,267)                     321                      -                     -             1,181,937       (138,990)       993,715

      Reclassified as held for sale                          -              (13,747)                    761                      -                     -                    -               85        (12,901)

      Recognised in reserves                             5,437                    -                      -                       -               (17,460)                   -                 -      (12,023)

      As at 31 December 2024                           765,016            1,785,665               (713,194)                172,836              (48,429)                    -        (846,516)       1,115,378




355
                                        Financial Report and                                                                   Operating Analysis
                                                                                 Corporate Governance                                                                     About Us                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                                  and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position


                                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                                     2025                                2024



          Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
                                                                                                  2,413,051                           1,591,926
            position
          Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
                                                                                                 (668,282)                           (476,548)
            financial position
          Total                                                                                   1,744,769                            1,115,378




          (c) Deferred tax assets not recognised

          As at 31 December 2025 , in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(21)(ii), the Group has not recognised
          unused tax losses of RMB161 million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB123 million), as deferred tax assets, as it is not probable
          that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity.
          Most of the tax losses will not expire under current tax legislation.



          34 Other non-current assets

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                                     2025                                2024



          Leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses                                    187,881                            240,951




          (b) The movements of leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses are as below:


                                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                                     2025                                2024



          At the beginning of the year                                                             240,951                              311,789

          Additions                                                                                 28,941                              17,440

          Transfer in from property and equipment(Note 20)                                          36,430                             49,834

          Amortisation                                                                            (118,184)                          (136,768)

          Other decrease                                                                             (257)                              (1,344)

          At the end of the year                                                                    187,881                            240,951




356
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
35 Accounts receivable

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                        2025                                 2024



Accounts receivable of:

  - Brokers, dealers and clearing house                                              7,978,586                          1,961,690



                                                                                                                                              About Us
  - Fee and commission                                                               2,006,414                          1,610,627

  - Return swap and OTC options                                                      1,138,553                           872,561

  - Settlement                                                                        542,425                            395,144

  - Redemption of open-ended fund                                                     958,967                           892,370

  - Subscription receivable                                                              11,370                              1,540

  - Others                                                                              93,114                            33,525

Less: impairment losses                                                              (139,886)                         (180,224)

Total                                                                               12,589,543                         5,587,233




(b) Analysed by ageing:                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of accounts receivable, based on the trade date, is as follows:



                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                        2025                                 2024



Within 1 month                                                                       11,021,602                        4,036,738

1 to 3 months                                                                          122,879                           125,483




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Over 3 months                                                                        1,445,062                          1,425,012

Total                                                                               12,589,543                         5,587,233




(c) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                        2025                                 2024



At the beginning of the year                                                           180,224                           115,458




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
(Reversal)/charge for the year, net                                                   (8,652)                            68,230

Derecognition and transfer out                                                        (21,970)                                  -

Other                                                                                  (9,716)                           (3,464)




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
At the end of the year                                                                139,886                            180,224




(d) Accounts receivable that is not impaired

Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired were relate to a wide range of customers for whom there was no
recent history of default.

The receivables from securities-backed lendings business are not included in accounts receivable.




                                                                                                                                     357
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          36 Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                                2025                               2024



          Inventory                                                                         2,500,583                            1,147,499

          Other receivables(1)                                                               387,095                             210,805

          Prepayments                                                                        348,508                             427,547

          Deductable VAT                                                                     330,633                              221,388

          Dividends receivable                                                                327,631                            292,700

          Interest receivable(2)                                                               17,589                               8,390

          Others                                                                               181,121                            571,898

          Total                                                                             4,093,160                        2,880,227




          The balance of others mainly represents prepaid tax and other current assets arising from normal course of business.

          As at 31 December 2025, the Group has pledged inventory with a total amount of RMB1,808 million for the purpose of
          derivative business (as at 31 December 2024: RMB966 million).


          (1) Other receivables:


                                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                                2025                               2024



          Other receivables                                                                 1,099,876                             933,170

          Less: impairment losses                                                            (712,781)                       (722,365)

          Total                                                                              387,095                             210,805




          Analysis of the movements of provision for other receivables impairment losses:



                                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                                2025                               2024



          At the beginning of the year                                                       722,365                              718,194

          (Reversal)/charge for the year, net                                                (12,676)                               4,225

          Written-off                                                                              (1)                               (37)

          Other                                                                                 3,093                                 (17)

          Total                                                                                712,781                           722,365




358
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(2) Interest receivable:


                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                          2025                    2024



Interest receivable                                                                      63,088                  53,889

Less: impairment losses                                                                (45,499)                (45,499)

Total                                                                                    17,589                   8,390




Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses of interest receivable:                                                 About Us


                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                          2025                    2024



At the beginning of the year                                                             45,499                   45,271

Charge for the year, net                                                                      -                     228




                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
At the end of the year                                                                   45,499                  45,499




                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
37 Margin accounts receivable

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                          2025                    2024




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Individuals                                                                       158,754,247                 115,911,970

Institutions                                                                      29,630,372                  18,399,659

Less: impairment losses                                                           (2,369,794)                (1,765,624)

Total                                                                             186,014,825                132,546,005




(b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                         As at 31 December




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                                                                                          2025                    2024



At the beginning of the year                                                           1,765,624                1,521,347




                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
Charge for the year, net                                                               605,598                  242,700

Other                                                                                    (1,428)                   1,577

At the end of the year                                                             2,369,794                   1,765,624




                                                                                                                            359
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (c) The fair value of collateral for margin financing and securities lending business is analysed as
          follows:


                                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                                          2025                        2024



          Fair value of collateral:

            Equity securities                                                                       503,380,244                 329,724,873

            Funds                                                                                     21,331,802                  16,087,915

            Cash                                                                                     13,940,272                   9,636,977

            Debt securities                                                                             741,046                    1,247,809

          Total                                                                                     539,393,364                 356,697,574




          The Group evaluates the collectability of receivable from margin clients based on management's assessment on the credit
          rating, collateral value and the past collection history of each margin client.


          (d) Analysed by the stage of ECL of margin accounts receivable:



                                                                                    As at 31 December 2025
                                                                        Lifetime ECL-not credit         Lifetime ECL-credit
                                                      12-month ECL                   impaired                     impaired            Total



          Amortised cost                                 171,164,725                 17,037,408                      182,486    188,384,619

          Impairment losses                              (1,370,785)                 (829,764)                     (169,245)    (2,369,794)

          Carrying amount                               169,793,940                  16,207,644                        13,241   186,014,825

          Collateral                                    489,344,976                  50,025,977                        22,411   539,393,364




                                                                                    As at 31 December 2024
                                                                        Lifetime ECL-not credit          Lifetime ECL-credit
                                                      12-month ECL                   impaired                      impaired           Total



          Amortised cost                                 122,541,806                  11,575,523                     194,300      134,311,629

          Impairment losses                               (640,003)                   (964,367)                     (161,254)    (1,765,624)

          Carrying amount                                 121,901,803                  10,611,156                     33,046    132,546,005

          Collateral                                    318,540,485                  37,983,652                      173,437    356,697,574




360
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
38 Derivative financial instruments


                                                                  As at 31 December 2025
                                                                                           Fair value
                                             Notional amount
                                                                                     Assets                    Liabilities



Interest rate derivatives                         1,915,215,462                      727,671                     (414,131)

Currency derivatives                              245,609,865                        333,092                   (1,134,756)

Equity derivatives                                229,489,078                       5,791,775                 (13,388,372)



                                                                                                                                       About Us
Credit derivatives                                   8,836,697                         8,865                     (35,088)

Commodity derivatives and others                    413,131,528                    5,586,868                    (5,417,113)

Total                                            2,812,282,630                     12,448,271                (20,389,460)

Less: settlement                                                                   (1,011,241)                  2,164,988

Net position                                                                       11,437,030                 (18,224,472)




                                                                  As at 31 December 2024
                                                                                           Fair value



                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                              Notional amount
                                                                                     Assets                     Liabilities




                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
Interest rate derivatives                         1,460,855,341                      697,426                     (814,414)

Currency derivatives                               174,069,967                      1,851,589                   (1,337,738)

Equity derivatives                                 204,986,804                      6,262,677                  (5,899,597)

Credit derivatives                                    4,374,717                        13,841                     (10,264)

Commodity derivatives and others                   368,218,063                      1,633,079                  (2,965,533)

Total                                             2,212,504,892                    10,458,612                  (11,027,546)

Less: settlement                                                                   (467,487)                        83,761

Net position                                                                        9,991,125                 (10,943,785)




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group's position in interest rate
swap contracts settled in Shanghai Clearing House, stock index futures and treasury futures settled in China Financial
Futures Exchange and certain commodity futures traded through futures companies, were settled daily and the
corresponding receipts and payments were included in "clearing settlement funds". Accordingly, the net position of the
above contracts was nil as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                              361
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Cash flow hedges

          The Group's cash flow hedges consist of cross currency swap contracts that are used to protect against exposures to
          variability of future cash flows.

          As at 31 December 2025, the Group had no designated hedging instruments for cash flow hedges.As at 31 December 2024,
          the designated hedging instruments for cash flow hedges included in the above derivative financial instruments are
          presented below:



                                                                                             As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                Notional amount                                                         Fair value

                                                            Over 3 months          Over 1 year but
                                        Within 3 months    but within 1 year        within 5 years      Over 5 years               Total           Assets               Liabilities



          Currency derivatives                         -          3,025,000                       -                  -         3,025,000                   -             (169,081)




          During the year ended 31 December 2025, the amounts reclassified from cash flow hedges reserve to profit or loss
          amounted to RMB 44,844 thousand (during the year ended 31 December 2024: nil). Details of the Group's hedged risk
          exposures in cash flow hedges and the corresponding effect on equities are as follows:



                                                                                             As at 31 December 2024

                                         Carrying amount of hedged items            Effect of hedging instruments
                                                                                         on other comprehensive                Accumulated effect of             Line items in the
                                                                                                           income        hedging instruments on other               statement of
                                                 Assets           Liabilities                     during the year             comprehensive income             financial position



          Bonds                                        -         (3,048,491)                              (83,916)                           (44,844)          Long-term bonds




          There was no hedge ineffectiveness for the year ended 31 December 2025 (during the year ended 31 December 2024: nil).



          39 Clearing settlement funds


                                                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                                              2025                                           2024



          Deposits with stock exchanges

          - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited                                                   4,631,338                                     8,627,103

          - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                                                    85,864                                        120,296

          Deposits with other institutions                                                                                 3,629,561                                    2,389,359

          Total                                                                                                           8,346,763                                      11,136,758




362
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
40 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients

The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold clients' monies arising
from its normal course of business. The Group has classified the brokerage clients' monies as cash held on behalf of
brokerage clients under the current assets section of the consolidated statement of financial position, and recognised
the corresponding accounts payable to the respective brokerage clients on the grounds that they are liable for any loss
or misappropriation of their brokerage clients' monies. In the Mainland China, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage
clients for their transaction and settlement funds is restricted and governed by the relevant third-party deposit regulations
issued by the CSRC. In Hong Kong, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage clients is restricted and governed by the
Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.


                                                                                                                                           About Us
41 Cash and Bank balances

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                      2025                               2024




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Cash on hand                                                                              258                              186

Bank balances                                                                     47,693,388                         39,521,623




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Less: impairment losses                                                                   (91)                            (351)

Total                                                                             47,693,555                         39,521,458




Bank balances mainly comprise time and demand deposits which bear interest at the prevailing market rates.


(b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                      2025                               2024



At the beginning of the year                                                              351                              512

Reversal of impairment for the year                                                    (261)                              (190)

Other Changes                                                                                1                              29

At the end of the year                                                                     91                              351




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                  363
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          42 Cash and cash equivalents

          (a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2025                           2024



          Cash on hand                                                                             258                             186

          Bank balances                                                                     47,666,255                     39,425,490

          Clearing settlement funds                                                          8,346,763                       11,136,758
          Financial assets held under resale agreements within 3 months original
                                                                                             6,442,891                      6,538,630
            maturity
          Bond investment within 3 months original maturity                                    219,560                       1,279,718
          Less: restricted bank deposits and bank deposits with original maturity of more
            than three months                                                               (2,075,011)                    (2,347,573)
          Total                                                                             60,600,716                     56,033,209




          As at 31 December 2025, the total bank balances did not include cash and bank balances classified as held for sale (as at
          31 December 2024: RMB10,109 thousand).

          The restricted bank deposits mainly include deposits reserved for guarantees, VAT payable of asset management plans
          and risk reserve deposits.




364
      (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

      The following table details changes in the Group's liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for
      which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                                                                                                     Dividends payable to
                                                                                                                                                                    ordinary shareholders
                                                Short-term debt                                  Short-term                                                                and perpetural
                                                    instruments     Long-term bonds              bank loans      Long-term bank loans         Lease liabilities       subordinated bonds               Total


      At 1 January 2025                              28,852,939            115,458,817             3,362,980                        -                 1,014,615                    94,230         148,783,581

      Changes from financing cash flows

      Proceeds from issuance                          87,913,386            110,721,591             21,531,152                 170,903                        -                         -        220,337,032

      Repayment of borrowings                       (56,699,511)         (43,085,303)             (3,355,750)                       -                         -                         -       (103,140,564)

      Interest paid                                   (439,959)           (4,381,692)               (335,167)                  (8,852)                        -                         -         (5,165,670)

      Payment of lease liabilities                            -                      -                      -                       -                (529,728)                          -          (529,728)

      Dividend paid                                           -                      -                      -                       -                         -               (5,703,386)        (5,703,386)
      Total changes from financing cash
        flows                                         30,773,916           63,254,596              17,840,235                  162,051               (529,728)                (5,703,386)        105,797,684
      Other changes

      Interest expenses                                 901,669            4,090,404                 444,449                    8,852                   33,263                          -          5,478,637

      New leases                                              -                      -                      -                       -                   494,111                         -             494,111

      Dividends declared                                      -                      -                      -                       -                         -                  6,119,086          6,119,086

      Exchange differences                             (199,147)              287,982                       -                       -                         -                         -             88,835
      Total other changes                               702,522             4,378,386                444,449                    8,852                  527,374                   6,119,086         12,180,669
      At 31 December 2025                             60,329,377          183,091,799              21,647,664                  170,903                 1,012,261                  509,930        266,761,934




365
                                       Financial Report and                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                         Corporate Governance                                                                      About Us                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                       and Strategies
366



                                                                                                                           Dividends payable to
                                                                                                                          ordinary shareholders
                                          Short-term debt      Long-term      Short-term      Long-term         Lease            and perpetural
                                              instruments          bonds      bank loans      bank loans    liabilities     subordinated bonds           Total
                                                                                                                                                                   HUATAI SECURITIES



      At 1 January 2024                         25,475,507      159,816,001     11,478,573       647,052      1,468,161                  145,230   199,030,524

      Changes from financing cash flows

      Proceeds from issuance                    36,075,820               -      3,355,750               -             -                        -     39,431,570

      Repayment of borrowings                  (31,906,954)    (44,310,354)    (11,377,260)     (642,200)             -                       -    (88,236,768)

      Interest paid                              (1,582,413)    (4,610,987)      (314,768)       (44,278)             -                       -     (6,552,446)

      Payment of lease liabilities                        -              -               -              -   (623,242)                         -      (623,242)

      Dividend paid                                       -              -               -              -             -              (6,280,608)    (6,280,608)
      Total changes from financing cash
        flows                                    2,586,453     (48,921,341)    (8,336,278)      (686,478)   (623,242)                (6,280,608)   (62,261,494)
      Other changes

      Interest expenses                             525,412      4,752,586        220,685         34,669        50,632                        -      5,583,984

      New leases                                          -              -               -             -       346,016                        -        346,016

      Dividends declared                                  -              -               -             -              -                6,229,608     6,229,608

      Exchange differences                         265,567       (188,429)               -          4,757             -                       -          81,895

      Others                                              -              -               -             -    (226,952)                         -      (226,952)
      Total other changes                          790,979        4,564,157       220,685         39,426       169,696                 6,229,608      12,014,551
      At 31 December 2024                       28,852,939      115,458,817     3,362,980              -      1,014,615                  94,230     148,783,581
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
43 Short-term bank loans

                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                      2025                                      2024



Credit loans                                                                   20,879,927                                    2,983,239

Pledged loans                                                                       767,737                                    379,741

Total                                                                          21,647,664                                    3,362,980




                                                                                                                                                  About Us
As of 31 December 2025, the interest rates for short-term loans were in the range of 2.70% - 5.13% per annum (as of 31
December 2024: 3.30% - 6.30% per annum).



44 Short-term debt instruments issued

As at 31 December 2025


Name                                 Par value     Issuance date         Due date               Issue amount     Nominal interest rate




                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                              Original currency                                              Original currency




                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
24 HUATAI S1                     RMB2,000,000         18/10/2024         18/3/2025              RMB2,000,000                    1.96%

24 HUATAI S2                     RMB4,800,000          13/11/2024        13/5/2025              RMB4,800,000                    1.90%

24 HUATAI S3                      RMB1,000,000         13/11/2024        13/11/2025              RMB1,000,000                   1.92%

24 HUATAI S4                     RMB6,000,000         10/12/2024         10/6/2025              RMB6,000,000                    1.75%

24 HUATAI S6                     RMB3,000,000         24/12/2024         24/8/2025              RMB3,000,000                    1.67%

25 HUATAI S1                      RMB3,200,000          8/1/2025        16/10/2025               RMB3,200,000                   1.60%

25 HUATAI S2                     RMB5,000,000          15/4/2025        15/10/2025              RMB5,000,000                    1.78%

25 HUATAI S3                     RMB3,000,000          23/4/2025         23/3/2026              RMB3,000,000                     1.77%




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
25 HUATAI S3 (reopen)             RMB1,000,000         23/4/2025         23/3/2026               RMB1,000,000                    1.77%

25 HUATAI S4                     RMB5,000,000          23/7/2025         23/7/2026              RMB5,000,000                    1.64%

25 HUATAI S5                     RMB5,000,000          28/7/2025         28/6/2026              RMB5,000,000                     1.72%

25 HUATAI S5 (reopen)             RMB1,300,000         28/7/2025         28/6/2026               RMB1,300,000                    1.72%

25 HUATAI S6                     RMB5,000,000           5/8/2025          5/3/2026              RMB5,000,000                    1.63%

25 HUATAI S7                     RMB2,500,000           7/8/2025          7/11/2025             RMB2,500,000                    1.56%

25 HUATAI S8                     RMB2,500,000           7/8/2025          7/7/2026              RMB2,500,000                    1.65%

25 HUATAI S8(reopen)             RMB5,000,000           7/8/2025          7/7/2026              RMB5,000,000                    1.65%

25 HUATAI S9                     RMB3,500,000          19/8/2025         19/2/2026              RMB3,500,000                    1.72%

25 HUA S10                        RMB1,200,000         19/8/2025         19/8/2026               RMB1,200,000                   1.70%

25 HUATAI D1                     RMB3,000,000          12/9/2025         12/5/2026              RMB3,000,000                    1.76%




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
25 HUATAI D2                     RMB2,000,000          9/10/2025         9/6/2026               RMB2,000,000                    1.80%

25 HUA S11                       RMB5,000,000         23/12/2025        23/12/2026              RMB5,000,000                     1.71%

HUATAI B2601a                        USD20,000        23/10/2025         22/1/2026                  USD20,000                   4.26%




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2601b                        USD30,000        23/10/2025         27/1/2026                  USD30,000                   4.26%

HUATAI B2601c                        USD80,000        23/10/2025         27/1/2026                  USD80,000                   4.28%

HUATAI B2602a                        USD50,000         4/11/2025          3/2/2026                  USD50,000                   4.23%

HUATAI B2602b                        USD50,000         4/11/2025          4/2/2026                  USD50,000                   4.23%

HUATAI B2602c                       USD50,000          10/11/2025        10/2/2026                 USD50,000                    4.23%

HUATAI B2602d                       USD50,000          10/11/2025        11/2/2026                 USD50,000                    4.23%

HUATAI B2602e                        USD30,000         19/8/2025         12/2/2026                  USD30,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2602f                       USD54,000          12/11/2025        12/2/2026                 USD54,000                    4.26%

HUATAI B2602g                       USD50,000          10/11/2025        12/2/2026                 USD50,000                    4.23%

HUATAI B2602h                        USD25,000         13/8/2025         13/2/2026                  USD25,000                   4.55%

HUATAI B2602i                        USD30,000         27/8/2025         27/2/2026                  USD30,000                   0.00%




                                                                                                                                         367
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name                          Par value    Issuance date    Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                 Original currency                                 Original currency



          HUATAI B2603a                 USD25,800        2/12/2025     3/3/2026           USD25,800                   4.17%

          HUATAI B2603b                 USD40,000        27/8/2025     4/3/2026           USD40,000                   4.43%

          HUATAI B2603c                 USD25,000        9/12/2025    10/3/2026           USD25,000                   4.21%

          HUATAI B2603d                 USD31,000        9/12/2025    10/3/2026           USD31,000                   4.15%

          HUATAI B2603e                 USD25,000        12/12/2025    11/3/2026          USD25,000                   4.15%

          HUATAI B2603f                 USD30,000        12/12/2025   12/3/2026           USD30,000                   4.21%

          HUATAI B2603g                 USD50,000       16/12/2025    17/3/2026           USD50,000                   4.00%

          HUATAI B2603h                 USD50,000       25/11/2025    25/3/2026           USD50,000                   4.28%

          HUATAI B2603i                 USD50,000       25/11/2025    26/3/2026           USD50,000                   4.25%

          HUATAI B2603j                 USD50,000       25/11/2025    26/3/2026           USD50,000                   4.28%

          HUATAI B2604a               HKD385,000        22/10/2025    22/4/2026         HKD385,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2605a                 USD50,000        10/11/2025   12/5/2026           USD50,000                   4.18%
                                                                                                        SOFR Compounded
          HUATAI B2605b                 USD80,000        18/11/2025   19/5/2026           USD80,000
                                                                                                             Index + 0.43%
                                                                                                        SOFR Compounded
          HUATAI B2605c                 USD40,000       20/11/2025    20/5/2026           USD40,000
                                                                                                             Index + 0.43%
                                                                                                        SOFR Compounded
          HUATAI B2605d                 USD80,000       25/11/2025    27/5/2026           USD80,000
                                                                                                             Index + 0.44%
          HUATAI B2606a                 USD66,000        3/12/2025     3/6/2026           USD66,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2606b                 USD20,000       10/12/2025    10/6/2026           USD20,000                   4.15%
                                                                                                        SOFR Compounded
          HUATAI B2606c                 USD55,000       15/12/2025    10/6/2026           USD55,000
                                                                                                             Index + 0.53%
                                                                                                        SOFR Compounded
          HUATAI B2606d                 USD55,000       16/12/2025     11/6/2026          USD55,000
                                                                                                             Index + 0.53%
                                                                                                        SOFR Compounded
          HUATAI B2612a                 USD80,000       17/12/2025    10/12/2026          USD80,000
                                                                                                             Index + 0.57%
          HUATAI B2612b               HKD430,000        29/12/2025    17/12/2026        HKD430,000                    3.09%

          HUATAI B2612c               HKD620,000        29/12/2025    18/12/2026        HKD620,000                    3.09%

          Structured notes (1)       RMB6,222,520           Note(1)      Note(1)       RMB6,222,520                 Note(1)




368
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                       Book value as at 1                                          Book value as at 31
Name                      January 2025             Increase          Decrease         December 2025
                         RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent        RMB equivalent



24 HUATAI S1                    2,008,009              8,207         (2,016,216)                     -

24 HUATAI S2                     4,812,160           33,066         (4,845,226)                      -

24 HUATAI S3                    1,002,560             16,640         (1,019,200)                     -

24 HUATAI S4                    6,006,210             46,146        (6,052,356)                      -

24 HUATAI S6                    3,001,077             32,277        (3,033,354)                      -

25 HUATAI S1                            -          3,239,418        (3,239,418)                      -



                                                                                                                   About Us
25 HUATAI S2                            -         5,044,620         (5,044,620)                      -

25 HUATAI S3                            -         3,036,580                   -              3,036,580

25 HUATAI S3(reopen)                    -           1,012,292                 -               1,012,292

25 HUATAI S4                            -          5,036,151                  -               5,036,151

25 HUATAI S5                            -          5,036,758                  -              5,036,758

25 HUATAI S5(reopen)                    -          1,309,627                  -              1,309,627

25 HUATAI S6                            -          5,033,082                  -              5,033,082

25 HUATAI S7                            -          2,509,830        (2,509,830)                      -

25 HUATAI S8                            -          2,516,522                  -              2,516,522



                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
25 HUATAI S8(reopen)                    -          5,033,229                  -              5,033,229

25 HUATAI S9                            -          3,522,170                  -               3,522,170




                                                                                                                 and Strategies
25 HUA S10                              -           1,207,513                 -               1,207,513

25 HUATAI D1                            -          3,015,987                  -              3,015,987

25 HUATAI D2                            -          2,008,300                  -              2,008,300

25 HUA S11                              -          5,000,319                  -              5,000,319

HUATAI B2601a                           -            141,754                  -                 141,754

HUATAI B2601b                           -            212,631                  -                 212,631

HUATAI B2601c                           -           567,037                   -                567,037

HUATAI B2602a                           -           353,869                   -               353,869




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2602b                           -           353,869                   -               353,869

HUATAI B2602c                           -           353,622                   -                353,622

HUATAI B2602d                           -           353,622                   -                353,622

HUATAI B2602e                           -           209,923                   -                209,923

HUATAI B2602f                           -            381,838                  -                381,838

HUATAI B2602g                           -           353,622                   -                353,622

HUATAI B2602h                           -            175,758                  -                175,758

HUATAI B2602i                           -            209,515                  -                209,515

HUATAI B2603a                           -            181,979                  -                 181,979

HUATAI B2603b                           -            281,212                  -                 281,212




                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
HUATAI B2603c                           -            176,210                  -                 176,210

HUATAI B2603d                           -            218,468                  -                218,468

HUATAI B2603e                           -            176,122                  -                 176,122

HUATAI B2603f                           -            211,378                  -                 211,378




                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2603g                           -            351,961                  -                 351,961

HUATAI B2603h                           -           353,020                   -                353,020

HUATAI B2603i                           -           353,009                   -               353,009

HUATAI B2603j                           -           353,020                   -                353,020

HUATAI B2604a                           -           344,227                   -                344,227

HUATAI B2605a                           -           353,597                   -                353,597

HUATAI B2605b                           -           565,205                   -               565,205

HUATAI B2605c                           -           282,538                   -                282,538

HUATAI B2605d                           -           564,758                   -               564,758




                                                                                                          369
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                      Book value as at 1                                                                          Book value as at 31
          Name                           January 2025                          Increase                      Decrease                December 2025
                                         RMB equivalent              RMB equivalent                     RMB equivalent               RMB equivalent



          HUATAI B2606a                                -                         455,751                             -                        455,751

          HUATAI B2606b                                -                         140,946                             -                        140,946

          HUATAI B2606c                                -                        387,395                              -                        387,395

          HUATAI B2606d                                -                        387,350                              -                        387,350

          HUATAI B2612a                                -                        563,360                              -                       563,360

          HUATAI B2612b                                -                        388,440                              -                       388,440

          HUATAI B2612c                                -                        560,076                              -                       560,076

          Structured notes (1)                 12,022,923                     23,600,094                   (29,379,252)                     6,243,765

          Total                               28,852,939                      88,615,910                   (57,139,472)                    60,329,377




          As at 31 December 2024



          Name                            Par value         Issuance date                  Due date            Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                                        Original currency



          23 HUATAI S3                 RMB3,000,000              13/11/2023                13/9/2024            RMB3,000,000                    2.67%

          23 HUATAI S4                 RMB4,000,000             20/11/2023                 20/9/2024            RMB4,000,000                    2.65%

          23 HUATAI S5                 RMB2,000,000              8/12/2023                  8/7/2024            RMB2,000,000                     2.81%

          23 HUATAI S6                 RMB5,000,000             19/12/2023                 19/3/2024            RMB5,000,000                    2.75%

          24 HUATAI S1                 RMB2,000,000             18/10/2024                 18/3/2025            RMB2,000,000                    1.96%

          24 HUATAI S2                 RMB4,800,000              13/11/2024                13/5/2025            RMB4,800,000                    1.90%

          24 HUATAI S3                 RMB1,000,000              13/11/2024                13/11/2025            RMB1,000,000                   1.92%

          24 HUATAI S4                 RMB6,000,000             10/12/2024                 10/6/2025            RMB6,000,000                     1.75%

          24 HUATAI S6                 RMB3,000,000             24/12/2024                 24/8/2025            RMB3,000,000                     1.67%

          HUATAI B2401a                   USD25,800              13/1/2023                  12/1/2024              USD25,800                    5.00%

          HUATAI B2401b                   USD20,000              19/1/2023                  19/1/2024              USD20,000                    5.75%

          HUATAI B2402a                   USD15,000              3/2/2023                   2/2/2024                USD15,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2402b                   USD20,600              6/2/2023                   5/2/2024               USD20,600                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2403a                   USD30,000             27/3/2023                  27/3/2024               USD30,000                    5.60%

          HUATAI B2405b                  HKD475,000              5/5/2023                   3/5/2024              HKD475,000                    4.60%

          HUATAI B2406c                   USD50,000              13/6/2023                 13/6/2024               USD50,000                    5.95%

          HUATAI B2401c                   USD27,500              18/7/2023                  18/1/2024              USD27,500                     6.17%

          HUATAI B2407a                    USD11,000             19/7/2023                 19/7/2024                USD11,000                    6.17%

          HUATAI B2401d                  HKD100,000              19/7/2023                  19/1/2024             HKD100,000                    5.36%

          HUATAI B2401e                   USD20,000             24/7/2023                  24/1/2024               USD20,000                    6.07%

          HUATAI B2407b                   USD19,000             27/7/2023                  26/7/2024               USD19,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2401h                   USD15,000              31/7/2023                  31/1/2024              USD15,000                    6.15%

          HUATAI B2401i                  HKD100,000              31/7/2023                  31/1/2024             HKD100,000                    5.55%

          HUATAI B2407c                   USD10,000              2/8/2023                  31/7/2024               USD10,000             SOFR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2408a                   USD15,000              3/8/2023                   1/8/2024               USD15,000             SOFR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2408b                   USD15,000              4/8/2023                   2/8/2024               USD15,000             SOFR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2408c                   USD10,000              4/8/2023                   2/8/2024               USD10,000             SOFR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2408d                   USD15,000             10/8/2023                  9/8/2024                USD15,000                    6.05%

          HUATAI B2402j                   USD30,000             18/8/2023                  21/2/2024               USD30,000                    6.14%

          HUATAI B2402k                   HKD29,000             22/8/2023                  22/2/2024               HKD29,000                    5.50%

          HUATAI B2402l                    USD5,800             22/8/2023                  22/2/2024                USD5,800                    6.10%

          HUATAI B2409a                   USD65,000              12/9/2023                 11/9/2024               USD65,000                    6.00%

          HUATAI B2403b                   USD18,050             22/9/2023                  22/3/2024               USD18,050                    0.00%




370
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Name                          Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                       Original currency                                  Original currency



HUATAI B2409b                  USD13,150       22/9/2023     20/9/2024            USD13,150                   0.00%

HUATAI B2403c                 USD60,000        27/9/2023     26/3/2024           USD60,000                    6.00%

HUATAI B2409c               RMB400,000         28/9/2023     24/9/2024         RMB400,000                     3.78%

HUATAI B2404                  USD10,000        17/10/2023    17/4/2024           USD10,000                    6.31%

HUATAI B2410a               RMB650,000         20/10/2023    16/10/2024        RMB650,000                     3.80%

HUATAI B2401f                  USD16,750      25/10/2023     25/1/2024            USD16,750                   0.00%

HUATAI B2405c                 USD14,500       25/10/2023      2/5/2024           USD14,500                    0.00%


                                                                                                                                About Us
HUATAI B2407d                 USD15,000        27/10/2023    27/7/2024           USD15,000                    6.36%

HUATAI B2401g                 USD10,000        27/10/2023    27/1/2024           USD10,000                    6.27%

HUATAI B2407e                 USD10,000        27/10/2023    27/7/2024           USD10,000                    6.36%

HUATAI B2411a                 USD30,000         6/11/2023     4/11/2024          USD30,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2402c                 USD18,000         7/11/2023     7/2/2024           USD18,000                    6.30%

HUATAI B2402g                  USD17,000        9/11/2023    15/2/2024            USD17,000                   6.30%

HUATAI B2402h                 USD15,000         10/11/2023   15/2/2024           USD15,000                    6.30%

HUATAI B2402e                 USD10,000         10/11/2023    9/2/2024           USD10,000                    5.87%




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2411b                 USD35,000         13/11/2023    8/11/2024          USD35,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2402d                 USD18,200         13/11/2023    8/2/2024           USD18,200                    0.00%




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
HUATAI B2402f                 USD20,000         14/11/2023   14/2/2024           USD20,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2402i                 USD15,460         15/11/2023   15/2/2024           USD15,460                    0.00%

HUATAI B2405d                 USD10,000         21/11/2023   21/5/2024           USD10,000                    6.46%

HUATAI B2405e                HKD200,000        28/11/2023    28/5/2024          HKD200,000                    6.04%

HUATAI B2409d                 USD95,000         6/12/2023     6/9/2024           USD95,000                    6.00%

HUATAI B2406d                 USD25,000         7/12/2023     7/6/2024           USD25,000                    6.40%

HUATAI B2406e                 USD10,000         7/12/2023     7/6/2024           USD10,000                    6.36%

HUATAI B2403d                 USD40,000         8/12/2023     8/3/2024           USD40,000                    0.00%




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2406f                 USD20,000         8/12/2023     7/6/2024           USD20,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2407f                 USD35,000         22/1/2024    22/7/2024           USD35,000                    5.85%

HUATAI B2407g                HKD100,000         22/1/2024    22/7/2024          HKD100,000                    5.09%

HUATAI B2407h                 USD60,000         25/1/2024    25/7/2024           USD60,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2405f                 USD35,000        26/1/2024     14/5/2024           USD35,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2405g                RMB100,000          1/2/2024    10/5/2024          RMB100,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2405h                 HKD81,000         2/2/2024     16/5/2024           HKD81,000                    5.04%

HUATAI B2405i                 USD10,000         6/2/2024     21/5/2024           USD10,000                    5.99%

HUATAI B2405j               RMB300,000          6/2/2024     21/5/2024         RMB300,000                     3.00%

HUATAI B2406g                 USD20,000         7/2/2024      7/6/2024           USD20,000                    5.97%

HUATAI B2408e                 USD10,000         7/2/2024      7/8/2024           USD10,000                    5.89%




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
HUATAI B2408f               RMB200,000          8/2/2024      8/8/2024         RMB200,000                     3.10%

HUATAI B2408g                 USD34,300        15/2/2024     15/8/2024           USD34,300                    5.96%

HUATAI B2408h                 USD20,000        15/2/2024     15/8/2024           USD20,000                    5.85%




                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2405k                 USD10,000        16/2/2024     30/5/2024           USD10,000                    5.97%

HUATAI B2411c                 USD50,000         9/5/2024      7/11/2024          USD50,000                    6.00%

HUATAI B2411d                 USD50,000        10/5/2024      8/11/2024          USD50,000                    6.00%

HUATAI B2409e                 USD20,000         6/6/2024      6/9/2024           USD20,000                    5.00%

HUATAI B2409f                 USD30,000         6/6/2024      6/9/2024           USD30,000                    5.85%

HUATAI B2412a                 USD42,000         11/6/2024    11/12/2024          USD42,000                    5.81%

HUATAI B2410b                 USD30,000         11/7/2024    11/10/2024          USD30,000                    5.72%

HUATAI B2410c                 USD30,000         15/7/2024    15/10/2024          USD30,000                    5.71%

Structured notes (1)      RMB12,788,986           Note (1)     Note (1)      RMB12,788,986                  Note (1)




                                                                                                                       371
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          Book value as at 1                                              Book value as at 31
          Name               January 2024             Increase            Decrease           December 2024
                             RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent



          23 HUATAI S3              3,010,680            53,400          (3,064,080)                        -

          23 HUATAI S4              4,012,072             70,667         (4,082,739)                        -

          23 HUATAI S5             2,003,626              28,100          (2,031,726)                       -

          23 HUATAI S6             5,004,805              22,917          (5,027,722)                       -

          24 HUATAI S1                      -          2,008,009                     -              2,008,009

          24 HUATAI S2                      -           4,812,160                    -               4,812,160

          24 HUATAI S3                      -          1,002,560                     -               1,002,560

          24 HUATAI S4                      -          6,006,210                     -               6,006,210

          24 HUATAI S6                      -           3,001,077                    -               3,001,077

          HUATAI B2401a               191,563               3,331          (194,894)                        -

          HUATAI B2401b               149,401              2,678           (152,079)                        -

          HUATAI B2402a              105,865                1,992           (107,857)                       -

          HUATAI B2402b              145,320               2,804            (148,124)                       -

          HUATAI B2403a              215,457               6,365            (221,822)                       -

          HUATAI B2405b              442,864              14,550           (457,414)                        -

          HUATAI B2406c              365,627              15,646            (381,273)                       -

          HUATAI B2401c              200,207               3,767           (203,974)                        -

          HUATAI B2407a               80,069               3,907            (83,976)                        -

          HUATAI B2401d               92,848               2,258             (95,106)                       -

          HUATAI B2401e               143,770              2,222           (145,992)                        -

          HUATAI B2407b               130,051              6,568            (136,619)                       -

          HUATAI B2401h              108,958                2,216             (111,174)                     -

          HUATAI B2401i               92,760               2,435             (95,195)                       -

          HUATAI B2407c                71,515              3,797             (75,312)                       -

          HUATAI B2408a              107,254                5,715           (112,969)                       -

          HUATAI B2408b               107,235              5,696             (112,931)                      -

          HUATAI B2408c                71,490              3,797            (75,287)                        -

          HUATAI B2408d              108,645               5,720            (114,365)                       -

          HUATAI B2402j               217,250              5,198           (222,448)                        -

          HUATAI B2402k                   491             27,109            (27,600)                        -

          HUATAI B2402l                   851             42,154            (43,005)                        -

          HUATAI B2409a              467,832              27,983           (495,815)                        -

          HUATAI B2403b               126,129              3,659            (129,788)                       -

          HUATAI B2409b                89,161              5,394            (94,555)                        -

          HUATAI B2403c               431,221             13,080           (444,301)                        -

          HUATAI B2409c              403,780                11,216         (414,996)                        -

          HUATAI B2404                  71,719             2,455             (74,174)                       -

          HUATAI B2410a              654,445              20,052           (674,497)                        -

          HUATAI B2401f                118,128              2,313           (120,441)                       -

          HUATAI B2405c               100,618              3,644           (104,262)                        -

          HUATAI B2407d               107,402              5,600            (113,002)                       -

          HUATAI B2401g                71,590               1,442           (73,032)                        -

          HUATAI B2407e                71,601              3,734            (75,335)                        -

          HUATAI B2411a               201,570              14,145           (215,715)                       -

          HUATAI B2402c              128,623               2,844            (131,467)                       -




372
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                   Book value as at 1                                                      Book value as at 31
Name                                  January 2024                Increase                 Decrease           December 2024
                                      RMB equivalent         RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent



HUATAI B2402g                                  121,435                 2,857                (124,292)                        -

HUATAI B2402h                                  107,130                  2,521                (109,651)                       -

HUATAI B2402e                                   71,365                 1,583                 (72,948)                        -

HUATAI B2411b                                 235,040                 16,627                (251,667)                        -

HUATAI B2402d                                  128,016                 2,851                (130,867)                        -

HUATAI B2402f                                  140,531                 3,279                 (143,810)                       -



                                                                                                                                           About Us
HUATAI B2402i                                 108,628                  2,537                  (111,165)                      -

HUATAI B2405d                                   71,297                 2,930                 (74,227)                        -

HUATAI B2405e                                  182,247                 8,538                (190,785)                        -

HUATAI B2409d                                 673,468                40,368                 (713,836)                        -

HUATAI B2406d                                  177,726                 7,789                 (185,515)                       -

HUATAI B2406e                                   71,086                  3,144                (74,230)                        -

HUATAI B2403d                                 279,875                  7,745                (287,620)                        -

HUATAI B2406f                                  137,712                 6,098                 (143,810)                       -

HUATAI B2407f                                       -               259,029                 (259,029)                        -



                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2407g                                       -                94,954                  (94,954)                        -

HUATAI B2407h                                       -                431,430                (431,430)                        -




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
HUATAI B2405f                                       -                251,667                (251,667)                        -

HUATAI B2405g                                       -                100,000                (100,000)                        -

HUATAI B2405h                                       -                76,086                  (76,086)                        -

HUATAI B2405i                                       -                  73,161                 (73,161)                       -

HUATAI B2405j                                       -               302,589                 (302,589)                        -

HUATAI B2406g                                       -                146,672                (146,672)                        -

HUATAI B2408e                                       -                 74,023                 (74,023)                        -

HUATAI B2408f                                       -               203,092                 (203,092)                        -




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2408g                                       -               254,065                 (254,065)                        -

HUATAI B2408h                                       -                148,016                 (148,016)                       -

HUATAI B2405k                                       -                 73,144                  (73,144)                       -

HUATAI B2411c                                       -                370,192                (370,192)                        -

HUATAI B2411d                                       -               370,249                 (370,249)                        -

HUATAI B2409e                                       -                145,647                (145,647)                        -

HUATAI B2409f                                       -                 218,871                (218,871)                       -

HUATAI B2412a                                       -                310,774                (310,774)                        -

HUATAI B2410b                                       -                218,800                (218,800)                        -

HUATAI B2410c                                       -                218,862                (218,862)                        -




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Structured notes (1)                        2,745,458              15,124,024             (5,846,559)                12,022,923

Total                                      25,475,507            36,866,800              (33,489,368)               28,852,939




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
(1) During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company issued 137 tranches of structured notes classified as short-term
financing payables and repayable within 1 year, with the outstanding notes bearing interest ranging from 1.55% to 2.05% per
annum. Structured notes repayable more than 1 year are classified as "Long-term bonds" (Note 53). (During the year ended
31 December 2024, the Company issued 186 tranches of structured notes classified as short-term financing payables, with
the outstanding notes bearing interest ranging from 1.78% to 6.58% per annum).




                                                                                                                                  373
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          45 Placements from other financial institutions

          Current




                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2025                              2024



          Placements from banks                                                             36,052,947                          30,113,661

          Placements from refinancing business                                                1,082,020                                 -

          Total                                                                              37,134,967                         30,113,661




          As at 31 December 2025, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of 1.30% - 4.00% per annum, with
          maturities within 173 days (as at 31 December 2024, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of
          1.40% - 5.17% per annum, with maturities within 114 days), and the placements from CSF are secured by the securities
          and refundable deposits held by the Group, bearing interest of 1.82%per annum, with maturities within 146 days (as at 31
          December 2024: the placements from CSF is nil).



          46 Accounts payable to brokerage clients

          Current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2025                              2024



          Clients' deposits for brokerage trading                                           214,764,655                       162,456,364

          Clients' deposits for margin financing and securities lending                      26,145,771                         22,130,612

          Total                                                                             240,910,426                       184,586,976




          Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the monies received from and repayable to brokerage clients, which are
          mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage clients are interest-bearing at
          the prevailing interest rate.

          The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayable on demand except where certain accounts payable to
          brokerage clients represent monies received from clients for their margin financing activities under normal course of
          business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excess amounts over the required margin deposits and
          cash collateral stipulated are repayable on demand.

          No aging analysis is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the aging analysis does not give additional
          value in view of the nature of these businesses.




374
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
47 Employee benefits payable

Non-current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2025                             2024



Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                    6,901,015                        6,116,922




                                                                                                                                         About Us
Current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2025                             2024



Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                   4,066,419                         4,194,639

Contribution to pension scheme                                                          306                              203

Other social welfare                                                               435,652                            394,171



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Total                                                                             4,502,377                         4,589,013




                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
48 Other payables and accruals

Non-current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2025                             2024




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Lease liabilities

1 to 2 years (inclusive)                                                            299,145                         296,568

2 to 5 years (inclusive)                                                            270,432                           251,721

After 5 years                                                                        32,907                           33,657

Total                                                                              602,484                           581,946




The Group's leases are mainly land and buildings for operations. Most lease contracts are entered into terms from 1 year to
5 years.

(1) During year of 2025, the expenses related to short-term leases and low-value leases of RMB49 million (2024: RMB31




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
million) were recognised in profit or loss.

(2) As at 31 December 2025, the cash flows of lease contracts signed by the Group but lease not yet commenced are




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
insignificant.




                                                                                                                                375
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Current



                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2025                             2024



          Trade payable                                                                     91,600,769                         67,027,191

          Payable to brokers, dealers and clearing house                                     9,104,084                        3,967,684

          Payable to open-ended funds                                                         5,016,231                        1,008,569

          Other tax payable                                                                    601,936                          344,952

          Restrictive repurchase obligation                                                       7,102                          100,545

          Lease liabilities                                                                   409,777                           432,669

          Fee and commission payable                                                           104,135                           42,640

          Futures risk reserve                                                                286,834                            261,750

          Payable to outsourcing service                                                       131,908                            115,275

          Payable to the securities investor protection fund                                    64,931                           66,545

          Funds payable to securities issuers                                                  59,892                            69,650

          Payable for office building construction                                                1,170                          20,635

          Dividend payable                                                                      13,097                            13,097

          Accrued liabilities(1)                                                              693,794                            746,108

          Interest payable on perpetual bonds                                                 509,930                            94,230

          Others (2)                                                                          1,310,122                         1,124,879

          Total                                                                             109,915,712                       75,436,419




          (1) The balance of accrued liabilities mainly represents the provisions accrued for the outstanding litigations amounting to
          RMB694 million. (Note 58).

          (2) The balance of others mainly represents payable to brokerage agents and sundry payables arising from normal course
          of business.




376
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
49 Contract liabilities


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                    2025                     2024



Advance fee and commission                                                         223,153                  104,280

Advance consideration from commodity trading                                             -                      412

Total                                                                              223,153                  104,692




50 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                                                            About Us


(a) Analysed by collateral type:


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                    2025                     2024




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Debt securities                                                                 141,066,211             113,398,845

Equity securities                                                                7,090,311               7,649,323




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Total                                                                          148,156,522               121,048,168




As at 31 December 2025, the Group's pledged collateral in connection with financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements amounted to RMB187,866 million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB154,418 million).


(b) Analysed by market:




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                    2025                     2024



Inter-bank market                                                             106,502,625               73,799,904

Shanghai stock exchange                                                         27,138,152               33,351,190

Shenzhen stock exchange                                                         14,515,745               13,897,074

Total                                                                          148,156,522               121,048,168




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                       377
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          51 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

          Non-current



                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2025                               2024



          Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                  3,051,669                          6,973,421




          Current



                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2025                               2024



          Financial liabilities held for trading                                                25,031,028                        26,585,600

          Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                  8,339,221                          6,889,311

          Total                                                                                33,370,249                          33,474,911




          In the consolidated financial statements, the financial liabilities arising from consolidation of structured entities and private
          funds with the underlying investments related to listed equity investments in active markets and unlisted equity investments
          are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to pay other investors
          or limited partners upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on net book value and related terms of those
          consolidated asset management schemes or private equity funds.

          In the consolidated financial statements, certain structured notes are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the
          Group, as the host contracts of structured notes contains embedded derivatives.

          In the consolidated financial statements, certain bonds are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as
          the designation can significantly reduce the accounting mismatch.

          As at 31 December 2025, there were no significant fair value changes related to changes in the credit risk of the Group (as
          at 31 December 2024: nil).




378
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
52 Long-term bonds due within one year

As at 31 December 2025


Name                            Par value    Issuance date    Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                 Original currency



20 HUATAI G3                RMB3,500,000         29/4/2020    29/4/2025       RMB3,500,000                     2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                RMB3,000,000         21/5/2020    21/5/2025       RMB3,000,000                     3.20%

20 HUATAI C1                RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020   13/11/2025      RMB5,000,000                    4.48%



                                                                                                                                About Us
21 HUATAI C1                RMB9,000,000          29/1/2021   29/1/2026       RMB9,000,000                    4.50%

21 HUATAI G4                RMB6,000,000          17/5/2021   17/5/2026       RMB6,000,000                     3.71%

21 HUATAI G6                RMB2,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2026       RMB2,000,000                     3.63%

22 HUATAI G1                RMB5,000,000         14/2/2022    14/2/2025       RMB5,000,000                     2.79%

22 HUATAI G4                RMB2,000,000          5/9/2022     5/9/2025       RMB2,000,000                     2.52%

22 HUATAI G5                RMB3,000,000         13/9/2022    13/9/2025       RMB3,000,000                     2.50%

22 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000         12/12/2022   12/12/2025      RMB2,000,000                     3.35%

23 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000          10/1/2023    10/1/2025      RMB4,000,000                     2.92%

23 HUATAI G2                  RMB800,000          16/1/2023    16/1/2025        RMB800,000                    3.00%




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
23 HUATAI G4                RMB4,500,000          6/2/2023     6/2/2026       RMB4,500,000                     3.23%

23 HUATAI G6                 RMB1,500,000        27/2/2023    27/2/2026        RMB1,500,000                    3.14%

23 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,700,000        10/5/2023    10/7/2025        RMB1,700,000                    2.82%




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
23 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000         24/8/2023    24/8/2026       RMB2,000,000                    2.64%

23 HUATAI 11                RMB2,500,000         21/9/2023    21/9/2026       RMB2,500,000                     2.89%

23 HUATAI 13                 RMB1,000,000       16/10/2023    16/10/2025       RMB1,000,000                   2.80%

23 HUATAI 15                 RMB1,000,000        6/11/2023     6/8/2026        RMB1,000,000                    2.83%

23 HUATAI F2                RMB2,800,000         27/11/2023   27/11/2026      RMB2,800,000                     3.07%

23 HUATAI F4                RMB3,600,000        15/12/2023    15/12/2026      RMB3,600,000                    3.08%

25 HUATAI G1                 RMB1,800,000         5/2/2025     5/4/2026        RMB1,800,000                    1.85%

25 HUATAI G5                RMB2,000,000          6/3/2025     6/6/2026       RMB2,000,000                    2.05%




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
25 HUATAI G7                RMB5,000,000         17/3/2025    17/4/2026       RMB5,000,000                     2.03%

25 HUATAI G8                RMB3,600,000         24/3/2025    24/8/2026       RMB3,600,000                     2.02%

HUATAI B2604                  USD500,000          9/4/2021     9/4/2026         USD500,000                    2.00%

HUATAI B2503                 USD1,000,000         3/3/2022     3/3/2025        USD1,000,000                    2.38%

HUATAI B2509                RMB3,025,000         14/9/2022    14/9/2025       RMB3,025,000                    2.85%

HUATAI B2608                  USD400,000          9/8/2023     9/8/2026         USD400,000                    5.25%
                                                                                                 SOFR Compounded
HUATAI B2611                  USD800,000        29/11/2023    29/11/2026        USD800,000
                                                                                                       Index + 0.9%
                   (1)
Structured notes           RMB22,500,000           Note (1)     Note (1)     RMB22,500,000                  Note (1)




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                       379
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Book value as at                                            Book value as at
          Name                    1 January 2025           Increase          Decrease      31 December 2025
                                  RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent       RMB equivalent



          20 HUATAI G3                  3,568,003            33,497         (3,601,500)                     -

          20 HUATAI G4                  3,058,606            37,394         (3,096,000)                     -

          20 HUATAI C1                   5,029,184           194,816        (5,224,000)                     -

          21 HUATAI C1                          -          9,779,371         (405,000)               9,374,371

          21 HUATAI G4                          -          6,360,951         (222,600)               6,138,351

          21 HUATAI G6                          -           2,116,347          (72,600)             2,043,747

          22 HUATAI G1                   5,122,256            17,244        (5,139,500)                     -

          22 HUATAI G4                   2,015,855           34,545         (2,050,400)                     -

          22 HUATAI G5                   3,021,831            53,169        (3,075,000)                     -

          22 HUATAI 10                  2,003,097            63,903         (2,067,000)                     -

          23 HUATAI G1                   4,114,609              2,191        (4,116,800)                    -

          23 HUATAI G2                    823,152               848          (824,000)                      -

          23 HUATAI G4                          -          4,776,326          (145,350)             4,630,976

          23 HUATAI G6                          -          1,586,587           (47,100)             1,539,487

          23 HUATAI G8                   1,730,847            17,093        (1,747,940)                     -

          23 HUATAI 10                          -          2,071,237           (52,800)              2,018,437

          23 HUATAI 11                          -          2,591,997           (72,250)              2,519,747

          23 HUATAI 13                   1,005,674            22,326        (1,028,000)                     -

          23 HUATAI 15                          -          1,032,564           (28,300)             1,004,264

          23 HUATAI F2                          -          2,894,078          (85,960)               2,808,118

          23 HUATAI F4                          -          3,714,856          (110,880)             3,603,976

          25 HUATAI G1                          -          1,829,978                  -              1,829,978

          25 HUATAI G5                          -          2,033,319                  -              2,033,319

          25 HUATAI G7                          -          5,079,242                  -             5,079,242

          25 HUATAI G8                          -          3,655,422                  -             3,655,422

          HUATAI B2604                          -         3,683,495           (152,528)             3,530,967

          HUATAI B2503                   7,245,831           30,432         (7,276,263)                     -

          HUATAI B2509                   3,048,491            64,761         (3,113,252)                    -

          HUATAI B2608                          -          3,083,935          (215,873)             2,868,062

          HUATAI B2611                          -          6,075,289          (428,321)             5,646,968

          Structured notes (1)                  -         24,970,373        (2,229,532)            22,740,841

          Total                         41,787,436       87,907,586        (46,628,749)            83,066,273




380
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025
As at 31 December 2024



Name                            Par value    Issuance date      Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                   Original currency



21 HUATAI G1                 RMB4,000,000        2021/01/20    2024/01/20        RMB4,000,000                    3.58%

21 HUATAI G3                 RMB5,000,000       2021/04/26     2024/04/26        RMB5,000,000                    3.42%

21 HUATAI G5                 RMB4,000,000       2021/05/24     2024/05/24        RMB4,000,000                    3.28%

21 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,000,000        2021/06/15    2024/06/15        RMB2,000,000                    3.40%




                                                                                                                                   About Us
21 HUATAI 09                 RMB2,500,000        2021/06/21    2024/06/21        RMB2,500,000                    3.45%

21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000       2021/09/07     2024/09/07        RMB1,500,000                    3.03%

21 HUATAI 13                  RMB2,100,000        2021/10/18    2024/10/18        RMB2,100,000                   3.25%

21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000        2021/10/25    2024/10/25        RMB2,200,000                    3.22%

22 HUATAI G2                 RMB2,000,000       2022/08/15     2024/08/15        RMB2,000,000                    2.43%

22 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,000,000       2022/08/26     2024/08/26        RMB3,000,000                    2.33%

22 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,600,000         2022/11/21    2024/11/21       RMB3,600,000                    2.87%

22 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,500,000       2022/12/05     2024/12/05        RMB1,500,000                    2.87%

22 HUATAI 12                 RMB4,000,000        2022/12/22    2024/12/22        RMB4,000,000                    3.24%




                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
20 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,500,000       2020/04/29     2025/04/29        RMB3,500,000                    2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000       2020/05/21     2025/05/21        RMB3,000,000                    3.20%




                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
22 HUATAI G1                 RMB5,000,000       2022/02/14     2025/02/14        RMB5,000,000                    2.79%

22 HUATAI G4                 RMB2,000,000       2022/09/05     2025/09/05        RMB2,000,000                    2.52%

22 HUATAI G5                 RMB3,000,000       2022/09/13     2025/09/13        RMB3,000,000                    2.50%

22 HUATAI 10                 RMB2,000,000        2022/12/12     2025/12/12       RMB2,000,000                    3.35%

23 HUATAI G1                 RMB4,000,000        2023/01/10     2025/01/10       RMB4,000,000                    2.92%

23 HUATAI G2                  RMB800,000         2023/01/16     2025/01/16        RMB800,000                     3.00%

23 HUATAI G8                  RMB1,700,000      2023/05/10     2025/07/10         RMB1,700,000                   2.82%

23 HUATAI 13                 RMB1,000,000        2023/10/16     2025/10/16       RMB1,000,000                    2.80%




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
20 HUATAI C1                 RMB5,000,000         2020/11/13    2025/11/13       RMB5,000,000                    4.48%

HUATAI B2404                  USD900,000        2021/04/09     2024/04/09         USD900,000                     1.30%

HUATAI B2503                  USD1,000,000      2022/03/03     2025/03/03         USD1,000,000                   2.38%

HUATAI B2509                 RMB3,025,000       2022/09/14     2025/09/14        RMB3,025,000                    2.85%

Structured notes (1)          RMB500,843            Note (1)      Note (1)        RMB500,843                   Note (1)




                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                          381
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                             Book value as at                                                          Book value as at
          Name                                1 January 2024                Increase                 Decrease        31 December 2024
                                               RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent



          21 HUATAI G1                                4,135,816                  7,384               (4,143,200)                        -

          21 HUATAI G3                                5,115,842                 55,158               (5,171,000)                        -

          21 HUATAI G5                               4,078,828                  52,372               (4,131,200)                        -

          21 HUATAI G7                                2,036,717                 31,283              (2,068,000)                         -

          21 HUATAI 09                               2,545,126                   41,124             (2,586,250)                         -

          21 HUATAI 11                                 1,514,151                31,299               (1,545,450)                        -

          21 HUATAI 13                                2,113,824                54,426                (2,168,250)                        -

          21 HUATAI 15                                2,213,012                 57,828              (2,270,840)                         -

          22 HUATAI G2                               2,017,898                  30,702              (2,048,600)                         -

          22 HUATAI G3                               3,023,508                  46,392              (3,069,900)                         -

          22 HUATAI G6                                 3,611,143                 92,177             (3,703,320)                         -

          22 HUATAI G8                               1,502,580                  40,470               (1,543,050)                        -

          22 HUATAI 12                               4,001,636                 127,964               (4,129,600)                        -

          20 HUATAI G3                                        -              3,669,503                 (101,500)                3,568,003

          20 HUATAI G4                                        -              3,154,606                 (96,000)                 3,058,606

          22 HUATAI G1                                        -              5,261,756                (139,500)                  5,122,256

          22 HUATAI G4                                        -              2,066,255                 (50,400)                  2,015,855

          22 HUATAI G5                                        -              3,096,831                 (75,000)                  3,021,831

          22 HUATAI 10                                        -              2,070,097                 (67,000)                 2,003,097

          23 HUATAI G1                                        -              4,231,409                 (116,800)                 4,114,609

          23 HUATAI G2                                        -                847,152                 (24,000)                   823,152

          23 HUATAI G8                                        -               1,778,787                (47,940)                  1,730,847

          23 HUATAI 13                                        -              1,033,674                 (28,000)                  1,005,674

          20 HUATAI C1                                        -              5,253,184                (224,000)                  5,029,184

          HUATAI B2404                               6,388,692                  67,244              (6,455,936)                         -

          HUATAI B2503                                        -               7,416,677               (170,846)                  7,245,831

          HUATAI B2509                                        -                3,135,411               (86,920)                  3,048,491

          Structured notes (1)                         504,716                        -               (504,716)                         -

          Total                                    44,803,489                43,751,165             (46,767,218)                41,787,436




          (1) As at 31 December 2025, 9 tranches structured notes would mature within one year (as at 31 December 2024: nil).




382
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
53 Long-term bonds

As at 31 December 2025


Name                            Par value    Issuance date    Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                 Original currency



21 HUATAI C1                RMB9,000,000          29/1/2021   29/1/2026       RMB9,000,000                    4.50%

21 HUATAI G4                RMB6,000,000          17/5/2021   17/5/2026       RMB6,000,000                     3.71%

21 HUATAI G6                RMB2,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2026       RMB2,000,000                    3.63%



                                                                                                                                About Us
21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000         7/9/2021      7/9/2031       RMB2,700,000                   3.78%

21 HUATAI 14                RMB3,400,000         18/10/2021   18/10/2031      RMB3,400,000                    3.99%

21 HUATAI 16                 RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2031       RMB1,100,000                   3.94%

22 HUATAI G7                 RMB1,400,000        21/11/2022   21/11/2027       RMB1,400,000                   3.18%

22 HUATAI 11                  RMB500,000         12/12/2022   12/12/2027        RMB500,000                    3.49%

23 HUATAI G3                RMB2,000,000          16/1/2023    16/1/2028      RMB2,000,000                    3.48%

23 HUATAI G4                RMB4,500,000          6/2/2023     6/2/2026       RMB4,500,000                    3.23%

23 HUATAI G5                RMB4,000,000         13/2/2023    13/2/2028       RMB4,000,000                    3.39%




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
23 HUATAI G6                 RMB1,500,000        27/2/2023    27/2/2026        RMB1,500,000                   3.14%

23 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,200,000        27/2/2023    27/2/2028        RMB2,200,000                   3.36%

23 HUATAI G9(reopen)         RMB5,100,000        10/5/2023    10/5/2028        RMB5,100,000                   3.07%




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
23 HUATAI G9                  RMB700,000         10/5/2023    10/5/2028         RMB700,000                    3.07%

23 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000         24/8/2023    24/8/2026       RMB2,000,000                    2.64%

23 HUATAI 11                RMB2,500,000         21/9/2023    21/9/2026       RMB2,500,000                    2.89%

23 HUATAI 14                 RMB1,600,000       16/10/2023    16/10/2033       RMB1,600,000                   3.35%

23 HUATAI 15                 RMB1,000,000        6/11/2023     6/8/2026        RMB1,000,000                   2.83%

23 HUATAI 16                RMB2,500,000         6/11/2023     6/11/2033      RMB2,500,000                    3.30%

23 HUATAI F2                RMB2,800,000         27/11/2023   27/11/2026      RMB2,800,000                    3.07%




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
23 HUATAI F4                RMB3,600,000        15/12/2023    15/12/2026      RMB3,600,000                    3.08%

25 HUATAI G1                 RMB1,800,000         5/2/2025     5/4/2026        RMB1,800,000                   1.85%

25 HUATAI G3                RMB3,000,000         27/2/2025    27/2/2027       RMB3,000,000                    2.05%

25 HUATAI G4                 RMB1,900,000        27/2/2025    27/2/2028        RMB1,900,000                   2.05%

25 HUATAI G3(reopen)        RMB5,000,000         27/2/2025    27/2/2027       RMB5,000,000                    2.05%

25 HUATAI G5                RMB2,000,000          6/3/2025     6/6/2026       RMB2,000,000                    2.05%

25 HUATAI G6                 RMB2,700,000         6/3/2025     6/9/2027        RMB2,700,000                   2.05%

25 HUATAI G6(reopen)        RMB6,000,000          6/3/2025     6/9/2027       RMB6,000,000                    2.05%

25 HUATAI G7                RMB5,000,000         17/3/2025    17/4/2026       RMB5,000,000                    2.03%

25 HUATAI G8                RMB3,600,000        24/3/2025     24/8/2026       RMB3,600,000                    2.02%

HUATAI KC01                   RMB700,000         13/5/2025    13/5/2028         RMB700,000                     1.71%




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
25 HUATAI C1                 RMB1,200,000        15/8/2025    15/8/2030        RMB1,200,000                   2.13%

25 HUATAI F1                RMB2,600,000         8/9/2025      8/4/2027       RMB2,600,000                    1.92%

25 HUATAI C2                RMB2,000,000         10/9/2025    10/9/2030       RMB2,000,000                    2.19%




                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
25 HUATAI F2                 RMB1,000,000        12/9/2025    12/4/2027        RMB1,000,000                   1.95%

25 HUATAI G9                RMB4,000,000         18/9/2025    18/9/2027       RMB4,000,000                     1.91%

25 HUATAI C3                 RMB1,000,000        22/9/2025    22/9/2030        RMB1,000,000                   2.24%

25 HUATAI F3                 RMB1,400,000        9/10/2025     9/5/2027        RMB1,400,000                   1.95%

25 HUATAI 12                 RMB1,000,000       13/10/2025    13/8/2030        RMB1,000,000                   2.20%

25 HUATAI 11                RMB6,300,000        13/10/2025    13/10/2028      RMB6,300,000                    2.06%

25 HUATAI C4                 RMB4,100,000       14/10/2025    14/10/2028       RMB4,100,000                   2.26%




                                                                                                                       383
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name                          Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                 Original currency                                  Original currency



          25 HUATAI C5                RMB900,000        14/10/2025    14/10/2030         RMB900,000                    2.38%

          25 HUATAI 14              RMB2,000,000        16/10/2025    16/9/2030        RMB2,000,000                    2.20%

          25 HUATAI 13              RMB2,000,000        16/10/2025    16/11/2028       RMB2,000,000                    2.02%

          25 HUATAI 15               RMB3,200,000         7/11/2025    7/12/2028        RMB3,200,000                   1.85%

          25 HUATAI 16               RMB1,700,000         7/11/2025   7/10/2030         RMB1,700,000                   2.00%

          25 HUATAI C6               RMB1,500,000        11/11/2025    11/11/2028       RMB1,500,000                   2.03%

          25 HUATAI C7               RMB1,100,000        11/11/2025    11/11/2030       RMB1,100,000                   2.20%

          25 HUATAI 17               RMB2,830,000       24/11/2025    24/11/2028        RMB2,830,000                   1.88%

          25 HUATAI 18                RMB870,000        24/11/2025    24/11/2030         RMB870,000                    1.99%

          25 HUATAI STIB01A           RMB300,000        22/12/2025    22/12/2028         RMB300,000                    1.76%

          25 HUATAI STIB01B           RMB700,000        22/12/2025    22/12/2030         RMB700,000                    1.85%

          HUATAI B2604                USD500,000          9/4/2021     9/4/2026          USD500,000                    2.00%

          HUATAI B2608                USD400,000          9/8/2023     9/8/2026          USD400,000                    5.25%
                                                                                                         SOFR Compounded
          HUATAI B2611                USD800,000        29/11/2023    29/11/2026         USD800,000
                                                                                                               Index + 0.9%
          HUATAI B2809a              HKD2,000,000        22/9/2025    22/9/2028         HKD2,000,000                   3.00%

          HUATAI B2809b              RMB1,700,000        22/9/2025    22/9/2028         RMB1,700,000                   3.09%
                                                                                                         SOFR Compounded
          HUATAI B2809c               USD500,000        25/9/2025     25/9/2028          USD500,000
                                                                                                              Index + 0.57%
          Structured notes (1)       RMB3,700,000          Note (1)     Note (1)        RMB3,700,000                 Note (1)




384
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                       Book value as at                                  Book value as at 31
Name                    1 January 2025      Increase       Decrease         December 2025
                                  RMB            RMB            RMB                    RMB
                            equivalent     equivalent     equivalent             equivalent



21 HUATAI C1                  9,372,484              -    (9,372,484)                      -

21 HUATAI G4                   6,137,126             -     (6,137,126)                     -

21 HUATAI G6                  2,043,339              -    (2,043,339)                      -

21 HUATAI 12                   2,731,010      102,236       (102,060)               2,731,186

21 HUATAI 14                  3,427,207        135,726      (135,660)              3,427,273

21 HUATAI 16                   1,107,874       43,362       (43,340)                1,107,896



                                                                                                         About Us
22 HUATAI G7                   1,404,773       44,578       (44,520)                1,404,831

22 HUATAI 11                    500,702         17,525       (17,450)                500,777

23 HUATAI G3                   2,066,135       69,725       (69,600)               2,066,260

23 HUATAI G4                  4,630,454              -    (4,630,454)                      -

23 HUATAI G5                   4,118,397      135,738       (135,600)               4,118,535

23 HUATAI G6                   1,539,390             -    (1,539,390)                      -

23 HUATAI G7                   2,261,440       74,004        (73,920)              2,261,524

23 HUATAI G9(reopen)                  -      5,329,180              -              5,329,180

23 HUATAI G9                    713,590         21,529       (21,490)                713,629




                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
23 HUATAI 10                   2,018,026             -    (2,018,026)                      -

23 HUATAI 11                   2,519,358             -    (2,519,358)                      -

23 HUATAI 14                   1,610,498        53,671      (53,600)                1,610,569



                                                                                                       and Strategies
23 HUATAI 15                   1,004,212             -     (1,004,212)                     -

23 HUATAI 16                   2,512,149       82,534       (82,500)                2,512,183

23 HUATAI F2                   2,808,118             -     (2,808,118)                     -

23 HUATAI F4                  3,602,869              -    (3,602,869)                      -

25 HUATAI G1                          -      1,829,978    (1,829,978)                      -

25 HUATAI G3                          -      3,050,159              -              3,050,159

25 HUATAI G4                          -      1,931,545              -               1,931,545

25 HUATAI G3(reopen)                  -     5,096,786               -              5,096,786




                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
25 HUATAI G5                          -      2,033,319    (2,033,319)                      -

25 HUATAI G6                          -     2,744,050               -              2,744,050

25 HUATAI G6(reopen)                  -       6,116,412             -               6,116,412

25 HUATAI G7                          -     5,079,242     (5,079,242)                      -

25 HUATAI G8                          -     3,655,422     (3,655,422)                      -

HUATAI KC01                           -        707,101              -                 707,101

25 HUATAI C1                          -      1,208,880              -              1,208,880

25 HUATAI F1                          -      2,614,088              -              2,614,088

25 HUATAI C2                          -      2,011,708              -               2,011,708

25 HUATAI F2                          -      1,005,295              -              1,005,295

25 HUATAI G9                          -      4,018,384              -              4,018,384




                                                                                                        Financial Report and
25 HUATAI C3                          -      1,005,255              -              1,005,255

25 HUATAI F3                          -      1,405,393              -              1,405,393

25 HUATAI 12                          -      1,003,817              -               1,003,817

25 HUATAI 11                          -      6,324,216              -              6,324,216




                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
25 HUATAI C4                          -      4,116,760              -               4,116,760

25 HUATAI C5                          -       903,891               -                903,891

25 HUATAI 14                          -      2,007,270              -              2,007,270

25 HUATAI 13                          -     2,006,560               -              2,006,560




                                                                                                385
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Book value as at                                  Book value as at 31
          Name                    1 January 2025      Increase       Decrease         December 2025
                                            RMB            RMB            RMB                    RMB
                                      equivalent     equivalent     equivalent             equivalent


          25 HUATAI 15                          -     3,205,654               -              3,205,654

          25 HUATAI 16                          -      1,703,355              -              1,703,355

          25 HUATAI C6                          -      1,503,462              -              1,503,462

          25 HUATAI C7                          -      1,102,786              -               1,102,786

          25 HUATAI 17                          -      2,832,614              -              2,832,614

          25 HUATAI 18                          -       870,889               -               870,889

          25 HUATAI STIB01A                     -       299,821               -                299,821

          25 HUATAI STIB01B                     -       699,597               -               699,597

          HUATAI B2604                  3,609,339             -     (3,609,339)                      -

          HUATAI B2608                  2,927,397             -     (2,927,397)                      -

          HUATAI B2611                  5,777,948             -     (5,777,948)                      -

          HUATAI B2809a                         -      1,821,494              -               1,821,494

          HUATAI B2809b                         -      1,714,592              -               1,714,592

          HUATAI B2809c                         -     3,559,958         (51,613)             3,508,345

          Structured notes (1)          3,227,546      3,701,504    (3,227,546)              3,701,504

          Total                         73,671,381    91,001,065   (64,646,920)            100,025,526




386
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
As at 31 December 2024



Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                  Original currency



20 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,500,000        29/4/2020     29/4/2025        RMB3,500,000                   2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000         21/5/2020    21/5/2025        RMB3,000,000                   3.20%

21 HUATAI G4                 RMB6,000,000         17/5/2021    17/5/2026        RMB6,000,000                    3.71%

21 HUATAI G6                 RMB2,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2026        RMB2,000,000                   3.63%

21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000          7/9/2021      7/9/2031       RMB2,700,000                   3.78%



                                                                                                                                 About Us
21 HUATAI 14                 RMB3,400,000         18/10/2021   18/10/2031       RMB3,400,000                   3.99%

21 HUATAI 16                  RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2031        RMB1,100,000                  3.94%

22 HUATAI G1                 RMB5,000,000         14/2/2022    14/2/2025        RMB5,000,000                   2.79%

22 HUATAI G4                 RMB2,000,000         5/9/2022      5/9/2025        RMB2,000,000                   2.52%

22 HUATAI G5                 RMB3,000,000         13/9/2022    13/9/2025        RMB3,000,000                   2.50%

22 HUATAI G7                 RMB1,400,000         21/11/2022   21/11/2027       RMB1,400,000                    3.18%

22 HUATAI 10                 RMB2,000,000        12/12/2022    12/12/2025       RMB2,000,000                   3.35%

22 HUATAI 11                  RMB500,000         12/12/2022    12/12/2027        RMB500,000                    3.49%

23 HUATAI G1                 RMB4,000,000         10/1/2023     10/1/2025       RMB4,000,000                   2.92%




                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
23 HUATAI G2                  RMB800,000          16/1/2023     16/1/2025        RMB800,000                    3.00%

23 HUATAI G3                 RMB2,000,000         16/1/2023     16/1/2028       RMB2,000,000                   3.48%




                                                                                                                               and Strategies
23 HUATAI G4                 RMB4,500,000         6/2/2023      6/2/2026        RMB4,500,000                   3.23%

23 HUATAI G5                 RMB4,000,000         13/2/2023    13/2/2028        RMB4,000,000                   3.39%

23 HUATAI G6                 RMB1,500,000        27/2/2023     27/2/2026        RMB1,500,000                    3.14%

23 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,200,000        27/2/2023     27/2/2028        RMB2,200,000                   3.36%

23 HUATAI G8                  RMB1,700,000       10/5/2023     10/7/2025         RMB1,700,000                  2.82%

23 HUATAI G9                   RMB700,000        10/5/2023     10/5/2028          RMB700,000                   3.07%

23 HUATAI 10                 RMB2,000,000        24/8/2023     24/8/2026        RMB2,000,000                   2.64%

23 HUATAI 11                 RMB2,500,000         21/9/2023    21/9/2026        RMB2,500,000                   2.89%




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
23 HUATAI 13                 RMB1,000,000        16/10/2023    16/10/2025       RMB1,000,000                   2.80%

23 HUATAI 14                 RMB1,600,000        16/10/2023    16/10/2033       RMB1,600,000                   3.35%

23 HUATAI 15                 RMB1,000,000         6/11/2023     6/8/2026        RMB1,000,000                   2.83%

23 HUATAI 16                 RMB2,500,000         6/11/2023     6/11/2033       RMB2,500,000                   3.30%

23 HUATAI F2                 RMB2,800,000        27/11/2023    27/11/2026       RMB2,800,000                   3.07%

23 HUATAI F4                 RMB3,600,000        15/12/2023    15/12/2026       RMB3,600,000                   3.08%

20 HUATAI C1                 RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020   13/11/2025       RMB5,000,000                   4.48%

21 HUATAI C1                 RMB9,000,000         29/1/2021    29/1/2026        RMB9,000,000                   4.50%

HUATAI B2604                  USD500,000           9/4/2021     9/4/2026         USD500,000                    2.00%

HUATAI B2503                  USD1,000,000        3/3/2022      3/3/2025         USD1,000,000                  2.38%

HUATAI B2509                 RMB3,025,000        14/9/2022     14/9/2025        RMB3,025,000                   2.85%




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
HUATAI B2608                  USD400,000          9/8/2023      9/8/2026         USD400,000                    5.25%
                                                                                                 SOFR Compounded
HUATAI B2611                  USD800,000         29/11/2023    29/11/2026        USD800,000
                                                                                                       Index + 0.9%
Structured notes (1)         RMB3,030,000           Note (1)     Note (1)       RMB3,030,000                 Note (1)




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                        387
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                              Book value as at                                                         Book value as at 31
          Name                                 1 January 2024                Increase                 Decrease            December 2024
                                               RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent            RMB equivalent



          20 HUATAI G3                                3,567,318                       -                  (3,567,318)                      -

          20 HUATAI G4                                3,058,017                       -               (3,058,017)                         -

          21 HUATAI G4                                6,135,944                223,782                    (222,600)                6,137,126

          21 HUATAI G6                                2,042,945                 72,994                     (72,600)              2,043,339

          21 HUATAI 12                                2,730,840                 102,230                   (102,060)                2,731,010

          21 HUATAI 14                                3,427,143                 135,724                   (135,660)               3,427,207

          21 HUATAI 16                                 1,107,853                 43,361                    (43,340)                1,107,874

          22 HUATAI G1                                5,120,528                       -               (5,120,528)                         -

          22 HUATAI G4                                2,015,297                       -                  (2,015,297)                      -

          22 HUATAI G5                               3,020,889                        -              (3,020,889)                          -

          22 HUATAI G7                                 1,404,717                44,576                     (44,520)               1,404,773

          22 HUATAI 10                                2,002,581                       -               (2,002,581)                         -

          22 HUATAI 11                                 500,628                   17,524                     (17,450)               500,702

          23 HUATAI G1                                 4,113,345                      -                  (4,113,345)                      -

          23 HUATAI G2                                 822,900                        -                  (822,900)                        -

          23 HUATAI G3                               2,065,894                   69,841                    (69,600)               2,066,135

          23 HUATAI G4                                4,629,523                 146,281                   (145,350)              4,630,454

          23 HUATAI G5                                 4,117,997                136,000                   (135,600)                4,118,397

          23 HUATAI G6                                 1,539,132                47,358                      (47,100)              1,539,390

          23 HUATAI G7                                 2,261,221                 74,139                    (73,920)               2,261,440

          23 HUATAI G8                                1,730,405                       -                  (1,730,405)                      -

          23 HUATAI G9                                  713,520                  21,560                    (21,490)                 713,590

          23 HUATAI 10                                2,017,583                 53,243                     (52,800)               2,018,026

          23 HUATAI 11                                2,518,935                  72,673                    (72,250)               2,519,358

          23 HUATAI 13                                 1,005,417                      -                  (1,005,417)                      -

          23 HUATAI 14                                 1,610,427                 53,671                    (53,600)               1,610,498

          23 HUATAI 15                                 1,003,315                 29,197                    (28,300)                1,004,212

          23 HUATAI 16                                2,510,029                 84,620                     (82,500)                2,512,149

          23 HUATAI F2                                 2,808,118                85,960                     (85,960)                2,808,118

          23 HUATAI F4                                3,601,796                  111,953                   (110,880)             3,602,869

          20 HUATAI C1                                5,028,420                       -              (5,028,420)                          -

          21 HUATAI C1                                9,370,679                406,805                   (405,000)               9,372,484

          HUATAI B2604                               3,550,894                  130,349                     (71,904)             3,609,339

          HUATAI B2503                                 7,123,519                      -                  (7,123,519)                      -

          HUATAI B2509                               3,044,890                        -              (3,044,890)                          -

          HUATAI B2608                                2,876,402                 201,996                    (151,001)              2,927,397

          HUATAI B2611                               5,685,678                 452,832                   (360,562)                5,777,948

          Structured notes (1)                         3,127,773                99,773                            -              3,227,546

          Total                                       115,012,512             2,918,442             (44,259,573)                  73,671,381




          (1) The Company has issued 9 tranches of long-term structured notes for the year ended 31 December 2025 (for the year
          ended 31 December 2024: nil). As at 31 December 2025, 9 tranches of long-term structured notes due within one year is
          classified as "Long-term bonds due within one year" (as at 31 December 2024: nil) (Note 52).




388
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
54 Long-term bank loans

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                              As at 31 December
                                               2025               2024



Unsecured bank loans                          170,903                -

Less: credit bank loans due within one year        -                 -



                                                                                  About Us
Total                                         170,903                -




(b) Analysed by maturity:


                                              As at 31 December
                                               2025               2024




                                                                               Operating Analysis
Maturity within five years                    170,903                -




                                                                                and Strategies




                                                                                  Corporate Governance




                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                         389
390



      55 Share capital, reserves and retained profits
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) Movements in components of equity

      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group's consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details
      of the changes in the Company's individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:



                                                                                                                                          Reserves
                                                                Other equity                                                                               Fair value   Translation
                                         Note   Share capital   instruments    Treasury shares    Capital reserve   Surplus reserve     General reserve      reserve       reserve     Retained profits         Total



      As at 31 December 2024                        9,027,302     28,300,000         (100,545)         67,224,708         9,727,062          19,668,929      408,439          18,981         26,611,439    160,886,315

      Other                                                 -              -                 -                  -             4,839               9,679             -             -              33,875         48,393

      As at 1 January 2025                          9,027,302     28,300,000         (100,545)         67,224,708          9,731,901         19,678,608      408,439          18,981         26,645,314    160,934,708

      Changes in equity for 2025



      Profit for the year                                   -              -                 -                  -                  -                  -             -             -          10,525,066     10,525,066

      Other comprehensive income                            -              -                 -                  -                  -                  -      454,595              -                   -       454,595

      Total comprehensive income                            -              -                 -                  -                  -                  -      454,595              -          10,525,066     10,979,661



      Issue of perpetual subordinated
                                                            -      5,000,000                 -            (5,189)                  -                  -             -             -                   -      4,994,811
        bonds
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                            -              -            90,439              5,094                  -                  -             -             -                   -         95,533
        payments
      Acquisition of treasury shares                    (438)              -             3,004            (2,566)                  -                  -             -             -                   -              -

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                      -              -                 -                  -           1,123,051                 -             -             -          (1,123,051)             -

      Appropriation to general reserve                      -              -                 -                  -                  -          2,247,440             -             -         (2,247,440)              -
      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                            -              -                 -                  -                  -                  -             -             -          (4,694,131)    (4,694,131)
        shareholders for the year
      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                            -              -                 -                  -                  -                  -             -             -          (1,412,970)    (1,412,970)
        subordinated bonds
      Other comprehensive income
       that has been reclassified to                        -              -                 -                  -                  -                  -    (705,443)              -            705,443               -
       retained profits
      Others                                                -              -                 -                788                  -                  -             -             -                   -            788

      As at 31 December 2025             64         9,026,864     33,300,000            (7,102)        67,222,835        10,854,952           21,926,048      157,591         18,981         28,398,231    170,898,400
                                                                                                                                              Reserves
                                                                  Other equity                                                                                                        Translation
                                          Note   Share capital    instruments     Treasury shares     Capital reserve    Surplus reserve    General reserve     Fair value reserve       reserve     Retained profits         Total



      As at 1 January 2024                           9,074,663      25,700,000          (1,064,173)        67,999,460          8,838,000          17,889,908                35,605          18,981         26,560,769    155,053,213

      Changes in equity for 2024



      Profit for the year                                    -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -                     -              -           8,890,757     8,890,757

      Other comprehensive income                             -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -               372,834              -                   -       372,834

      Total comprehensive income                             -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -               372,834              -           8,890,757      9,263,591



      Issue of perpetual subordinated
                                                             -       2,600,000                   -            (2,698)                  -                   -                     -              -                   -     2,597,302
        bonds
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                             -               -             112,478              31,852                 -                   -                     -              -                   -       144,330
      payments
      Acquisition of treasury shares                   (47,361)              -             851,150          (803,789)                  -                   -                     -              -                   -             -

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                       -               -                   -                  -            889,076                   -                     -              -           (889,076)             -

      Appropriation to general reserve                       -               -                   -                  -                  -           1,779,050                     -              -          (1,779,050)            -
      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                             -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -                     -              -          (5,236,731)   (5,236,731)
        shareholders for the year
      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                             -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -                     -              -           (935,130)     (935,130)
        subordinated bonds

      Others                                                 -               -                   -               (117)               (14)                (29)                    -              -               (100)         (260)

      As at 31 December 2024               64        9,027,302      28,300,000           (100,545)         67,224,708          9,727,062          19,668,929              408,439           18,981          26,611,439   160,886,315




391
                                         Financial Report and                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                                 Corporate Governance                                                                                About Us                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                   and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Share capital

          All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The Company's number
          of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:



                                                       As at 31 December 2025                          As at 31 December 2024

                                                Number of shares            Nominal value       Number of shares                Nominal value

                                                     (Thousand)                                      (Thousand)



          Registered, issued and fully paid:

            A shares of RMB1 each                       7,307,818                 7,307,818             7,308,256                    7,308,256

            H shares of RMB1 each                        1,719,046                1,719,046              1,719,046                    1,719,046

          Total                                         9,026,864                9,026,864              9,027,302                    9,027,302




          On 1 June 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering of 1,400,000,000 H shares on the Main Board of the Hong
          Kong Stock Exchange. On 19 June 2015, the Company partially exercised the over-allotment option and issued 162,768,800 H
          shares.

          According to the relevant requirements of PRC regulators, existing shareholders of the state-owned shares of the Company
          have transferred an aggregate number of 156,276,880 state-owned shares of the Company to the National Social Security
          Fund of the PRC, and such shares were then converted into H shares on a one-for-one basis.

          In July 2018, the Company completed private placement of issuance of 1,088,731,200 new A shares.

          On 20 June 2019, the Company completed its issuance of 75,013,636 GDRs, representing 750,136,360 underlying A shares,
          and listed on the London Stock Exchange. On 27 June 2019, the Company exercised the over-allotment option and issued
          additional 7,501,364 GDRs, representing 75,013,640 underlying A shares. In total, the Company has issued 82,515,000 GDRs,
          representing 825,150,000 new A shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each. The total paid-up share capital of the Company
          after the change was RMB9,076,650,000.

          In 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares, after which the
          Company's registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,075,589,027 shares
          of RMB1 each.

          In 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A Share, after which the Company's
          registered capital was RMB9,074,663,335 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,074,663,335 shares of RMB1 each.

          In January 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 45,278,495 A-share shares stored in the
          Company's special securities account, after which the Company's registered capital was RMB 9,029,384,840 and the total
          share capital of the Company was 9,029,384,840 shares of RMB1 each.

          In September 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 2,082,559 restricted A Share, after which
          the Company's registered capital was RMB 9,027,302,281 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,027,302,281
          shares of RMB1 each.

          In September 2025, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 438,495 restricted A-share stocks,
          after which the Company's registered capital was RMB 9,026,863,786 and the total share capital of the Company was
          9,026,863,786 shares of RMB 1 each.

          The H shares and GDRs representing A shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing A shares including the right to
          receive all dividends and distributions declared or made.




392
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(c) Other equity instruments


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2025                                 2024



Perpetual subordinated bonds                                                              33,300,000                           28,300,000




As approved by the CSRC, the Company issued nine batches of perpetual subordinated bonds ("21 Huatai Y1", "21 Huatai Y2",


                                                                                                                                                     About Us
"21 Huatai Y3", "22 Huatai Y1", "22 Huatai Y2", "22 Huatai Y3","23 Huatai Y1","23 Huatai Y2" , "24 Huatai Y1" and"25 Huatai Y1") with an
initial interest rate of 3.85%, 4.00%, 3.80%, 3.49%, 3.59%, 3.20%, 3.46%, 3.58%, 2.39% and 2.12% on 15 September 2021, 26 October
2021, 16 November 2021, 26 January 2022, 11 July 2022, 21 October 2022, 8 September 2023, 20 October 2023, 26 November
2024 and 26 May 2025, respectively. The perpetual subordinated bonds have no fixed maturity dates and the Company has
an option to redeem the bonds at principal amounts plus any accrued interest on the fifth interest payment date or any
interest payment date afterwards.

The interest rate for perpetual subordinated bonds is fixed in the first 5 years and will be repriced every 5 years. The repriced
interest rate is determined as the sum of the current base rate and the initial spread plus 200 or 300bp. The current base
rate is defined as the average yield of 5 years treasury from the interbank fixed rate bond yield curve published on China



                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
Bond webpage 5 working days before the adjustment.

The issuer has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest payments, so that at each



                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
interest payment date, the issuer may choose to defer the interest payment to the next payment date for the current
period as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred, without being subject to any limitation with respect to
the number of deferrals. Mandatory interest payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary equity holders
and reductions of registered capital.

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company recognised interest payable to the perpetual subordinated bonds
amounted to RMB 1,412,970 thousand (for the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB 935,130 thousand).

The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified as equity instruments and presented under equity




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
in the Group's statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                            393
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (d) Treasury shares


                                                As at 1 January             Increase for             Decrease for         As at 31 December
                                                           2025                 the year                 the year                      2025


          Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                                                        100,545                        -                 (93,443)                      7,102
            of A Shares




          On 29 April 2025, the Board and the Supervisory Committee of the Company respectively considered and approved the
          proposal on the achievement of the conditions of unlocking third lock-up period of Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
          Shares. Based on the achievement of performance conditions at the company level and individual level, the total number
          of restricted shares that could be unlocked this time was 12,427,384 shares, and the restricted shares that were unlocked
          for sale would be listed and circulated on 20 May 2025, and shares subject to selling restrictions was reduced to 1,498,495
          Shares in total. According to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares Plan, the share repurchase's obligation was
          reduced accordingly by RMB 89.73 million.

          On 20 June 2025, in accordance with the resolution of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company,
          the "Proposal on the 2024 Annual Profit Distribution of the Company" was adopted. It was confirmed that the 2024 annual
          profit distribution of the Company will be in the form of cash dividends, with a cash dividend of RMB 0.37 per share (inclusive
          of tax) to be distributed to shareholders. The 2024 annual cash dividends of the Company would be paid on 15 August 2025.
          According to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares Plan, dividends were distributed on the remaining 1,498,495
          restricted shares that have been granted, and the corresponding share repurchase obligation was reduced by RMB 0.55
          million.

          On 29 April 2025, the Board and the Supervisory Committee of the Company respectively considered and approved the
          "Proposal on the Company's Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of A Share Restricted Shares". On 20 June 2025, the
          2024 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, the First A Share Class Meeting in 2025 and the First H Share Class Meeting
          in 2025 were held, which respectively considered and approved the aforesaid proposal. It was confirmed that a total of
          438,495 A share restricted shares that had been granted but not yet unlocked held by 143 incentive participants would be
          repurchased and cancelled at a repurchase price of RMB 7.22 per share. On 29 August 2025, the Board and the Supervisory
          Committee of the Company respectively considered and approved the "Proposal on the Adjustment of the Repurchase
          Price under the Company's Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares", adjusting the repurchase price from RMB 7.22
          per share to RMB 6.85 per share. On 11 September 2025, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of the
          aforesaid 438,495 restricted shares, and the corresponding share repurchase obligation was reduced accordingly by RMB
          3.00 million.

          On 17 October 2025, the First Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders in 2025 was held, which considered and
          approved the "Proposal on the Company's 2025 Interim Profit Distribution". It was confirmed that the 2025 interim profit
          distribution of the Company will be in the form of cash dividends, with a cash dividend of RMB 0.15 per share (inclusive of
          tax) to be distributed to shareholders. The 2025 interim cash dividends of the Company were paid on 12 December 2025.
          According to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares Plan, dividends were distributed on the remaining 1,060,000
          restricted shares that have been granted, and the corresponding share repurchase obligation was reduced by RMB 0.16
          million.


          (e) Capital reserve

          Capital reserve mainly includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices in excess of face value
          and the difference between the considerations of acquisition of equity interests from non-controlling shareholders and the
          carrying amount of the proportionate net assets.


          (f) Surplus reserve

          Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit to the statutory
          surplus reserve until the balance reaches 50% of its registered capital.

          Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory reserve may be used to offset accumulated losses, or converted
          into capital of provided that the balance of the statutory surplus reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the
          registered capital immediately before the capitalisation.




394
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(g) General reserve

General reserve includes general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007, the Company appropriates 10% of its annual net profit to
the general risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007 and in compliance with the Securities Law, for the purpose
of covering securities trading losses, the Company appropriates 10% from its annual net profit to the transaction risk reserve.



                                                                                                                                           About Us
In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC No. 94 Provisional Measures on Supervision and Administration of Risk
Provision of Public Offering of Securities Investment Funds, the Company appropriates 2.5% from its fund custody fee
income to the general risk reserve.

The Company's subsidiaries appropriate their profits to the general reserve according to the applicable local regulations.


(h) Fair value reserve

The fair value reserve comprises:

- The cumulative net changes in the fair value of equity securities designated at FVOCI; and


                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
- The cumulative net changes in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI until the assets are derecognised or reclassified. This
amount is adjusted by the amount of loss allowance.


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
(i) Cash flow hedges reserve

The cash flow hedges reserve comprises the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument.


(j) Translation reserve

The translation reserve mainly comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign operations.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(k) Dividends

Pursuant to the resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders dated 20 June 2025, the Company was approved to
distribute cash dividends of RMB3.70 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to the shareholders based on 9,027,302,281 shares, with
total cash dividends amounting to RMB3,340 million(tax inclusive). The cash dividends of the Company were paid on 15
August 2025(For the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB4.30 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares，total cash dividends amounting to
RMB3,883 million(tax inclusive)).

Pursuant to the resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders dated 17 October 2025, the Company resolved to
distribute an interim cash dividend for 2025. Based on 9,026,863,786 shares outstanding, calculated by deducting 438,495
A-shares proposed for repurchase and cancellation from the Company's total share capital of 9,027,302,281 shares as of




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
30 June 2025, a cash dividend of RMB0.15 per share (tax inclusive) will be distributed, total cash dividends amounting to
RMB1,354 million (tax inclusive). The interim cash dividends of the Company were paid on 12 December 2025(For the year
ended 2024: RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) per share total cash dividends amounting to RMB1,354 million(tax inclusive)).




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                  395
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          56 Commitments

          (a) Capital commitments

          Capital commitments outstanding not provided for in the consolidated financial statements were as follows:



                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                         2025                                       2024



          Contracted, but not provided for                                            8,554,035                                  7,174,588




          The aforementioned capital commitments mainly represent securities underwriting commitments, subscribed capital
          contributions to funds, construction of properties and purchase of equipment of the Group.



          57 Interests in structured entities

          (a) Interests in structured entities consolidated by the Group

          Structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly stand for the asset management schemes where the Group involves
          as manager and / or as investor. The Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds together with its
          remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the asset management schemes to a level of
          such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal.

          As at 31 December 2025, the Group consolidates 78 structured entities (as at 31 December 2024: 55 structured entities),
          which are mainly asset management schemes. As at 31 December 2025, the total assets of the consolidated structured
          entities are RMB 62,418million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB35,723 million), and the carrying amount of interests held by the
          Group in the consolidated structured entities are RMB 55,249 million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB32,309 million). For the
          year ended 31 December 2025, the Group did not provide financial support to these structured entities (for the year ended
          31 December 2024: nil).


          (b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated

          Structured entities for which the Group served as general partner or manager, therefore has power over them during the
          reporting periods are asset management schemes. Except for the structured entities that the Group has consolidated as
          set out in Note 57(a), the Group's exposure to the variable returns in the remaining structured entities in which the Group
          has interests is not significant. Besides, the Group did not provide financial support to these structured entities. The Group
          therefore did not consolidate these structured entities.

          As at 31 December 2025, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the Group amounted to
          RMB 778,286 million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB621,057 million). As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of interests
          held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are RMB 6,122 million (as at 31 December 2024: RMB6,252
          million).

          During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group's profit or loss from these unconsolidated structured entities including
          asset management fee and commission income and net investment losses, amounted to a total gain of RMB 2,017 million
          (during the year ended 31 December 2024: asset management fee and commission income and net investment gains
          amounted to a total gain of RMB513 million).


          (c) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

          The types of structured entities sponsored by third party institutions that the Group does not consolidate but in which it
          holds interests include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued
          by banks or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
          managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.




396
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The carrying amount of the related accounts in the consolidated statements of financial position is equal to the maximum
exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
are listed as below:



                                                                                  As at 31 December 2025

                                                                    Financial assets at FVTPL                                 Total



Funds                                                                              86,363,606                            86,363,606

Wealth management products                                                           9,519,749                             9,519,749




                                                                                                                                                About Us
Debt securities                                                                       393,903                               393,903

Total                                                                              96,277,258                             96,277,258




                                                                                    As at 31 December 2024

                                                                     Financial assets at FVTPL                                Total



Funds                                                                              60,952,406                             60,952,406

Wealth management products                                                           6,825,830                             6,825,830



                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Debt securities                                                                       383,852                                383,852

Total                                                                               68,162,088                            68,162,088




                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
58 Outstanding litigations

From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to claims and are parties to legal and regulatory
proceedings. As at 31 December 2025, based on the court rulings and advices from legal representatives and management
judgement, provision had been made to the claim amounts for the major legal action as listed below.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
During the year of 2020, the Group's subsidiary Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. received the Notice of Legal Action and
relevant litigation materials sent by Shanghai Financial Court. The plaintiff, Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd., failed to
fully cash its investment in "Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Securities", sued to the Court to require the manager (the
first defendant), the legal adviser (the second defendant), the rating agency (the third defendant), the issuer (the fourth
defendant) and Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., the financial adviser (the fifth defendant), to bear joint and several liability
for the compensation for the plaintiff's investment loss of RMB527 million and relevant interest. The Shanghai Financial
Court made the judgment of the first instance on 14 April 2023 that Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. shall bear joint and
several liability. Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. submitted an application for appeal, the second-instance trial officially
commenced on 26 December 2024, but no verdict has been rendered as of the approval and issuance date of the financial
statements. According to the opinion of the legal representative and the judgment of the management, the Group has
accrued provision amounting to RMB 675 million for the claim amount.




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
During the year of 2024, Zhejiang Securities Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. filed a tort
liability dispute lawsuit against Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. and the manager, alleging that the defendants' improper
performance of duties resulted in substantial losses. The plaintiffs claim joint and several liability for compensation of




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
investment principal and interest totaling RMB 142 million. As at 31 December 2024, the case was under trial. According to
the opinion of the legal representative and the judgment of the management, the Group accrued provision amounting to
RMB 71 million for the claim amount. During the year of 2025, the aforementioned litigation was withdrawn, and the Group
accordingly reversed the corresponding provision of RMB 71 million.

As of December 31, 2025, except for the aforementioned cases, the Group is not involved in any other legal proceedings or
arbitrations for which an unfavorable judgment, ruling, or decision, if rendered, would reasonably be expected to result in a
material adverse effect on the Group's financial position or operating results.




                                                                                                                                       397
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          59 Related party relationships and transactions

          (a) Relationship of related parties

          (i) Major shareholders


                                                       Place of               Registered                    Percentage of         Voting
          Name of the shareholders                  registration            share capital               equity interest (%)    rights (%)


          Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group
                                                         Nanjing             RMB50 billion                             15.22         15.22
             Limited
          Jiangsu Communications Holdings
                                                         Nanjing            RMB16.8 billion                            5.42          5.42
             Co., Ltd.




          The detailed information of the transactions and balances with Group's major shareholders and their subsidiaries is set out
          in Note 59(b)(i).

          (ii) Subsidiaries of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's subsidiaries is set out in Note 24.

          (iii) Associates of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's associates is set out in Note 25.

          (iv) Joint ventures of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's joint ventures is set out in Note 26.

          (v) Other related parties

          Other related parties are individuals which include: members of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior
          management, and close family members of such individuals.


          (b) Related parties transactions and balances

          Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following related party
          transactions and balances:

          (i) Transactions and balances between the Group and major shareholders and their subsidiaries:



                                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                               2025                                 2024



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Right-of-use assets                                                                      -                                  142

          Other receivables and prepayments                                                        -                                   43

          Financial assets at FVTPL                                                            20,091                                   -

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                               239,901                             327,636

          Other payables and accruals                                                           3,211                                3,211




398
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                                           2025                                    2024



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                  7,569                                   9,064

Net investment gains                                                         355                                     703

Operating expense                                                         (2,720)                                 (3,237)




                                                                                                                                     About Us
During the year of 2025, the Group subscribed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounted to RMB20 million(during
the year of 2024: nil).

During the year of 2025, the Group did not redeem the bonds issued by major shareholders(during the year of 2024: RMB91
million).

During the year of 2025, the rental expenses incurred by the Group from major shareholders and their subsidiaries
amounted to nil(During the year of 2024: RMB0.18 million).

(ii) Transactions and balances between the Group and associates:



                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                                                           2025                                    2024



Balances at the end of the year:



Cash and bank balances                                                   595,264                                1,240,337

Right-of-use assets                                                       59,518                                  66,870

Accounts receivable                                                      108,898                                  109,501




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Other receivables and prepayments                                           1,891                                  3,204

Financial assets at FVTPL                                                      -                                  30,559

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                      93,271                                 77,858

Other payables and accruals                                                  673                                     378

Placements from other financial institutions                             500,044                                       -

Lease liabilities                                                         57,798                                  68,342

Short-term bank loans                                                     30,025                                       -




                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                                           2025                                    2024




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
Transactions during the year:




                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
Fee and commission income                                                309,497                                 244,139

Fee and commission expenses                                               (1,227)                                  (777)

Other income and gains                                                     2,568                                   3,233

Operating expense                                                            (2)                                   (546)

Interest income                                                           22,006                                  34,704

Interest expenses                                                        (5,326)                                 (12,413)

Net investment losses                                                      (280)                                    3,491




                                                                                                                            399
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the year of 2025, the Group did not subscribed the corporate bond issued by associates (during the year of 2024:
          RMB31 million).

          During the year of 2025, the Group redeemed the bonds issued by the associates amounted to RMB31 million (during the
          year of 2024: RMB51 million).

          During the year of 2025, capital injections made by the Group into the associates amounted to RMB163 million (during the
          year of 2024: RMB211 million).

          During the year of 2025, the divestment made by the Group from the associates amounted to RMB276 million (during the
          year of 2024: RMB50 million).

          During the year of 2025, the Group entered into repurchase agreements with associates for a total amount of RMB32,702
          million (during the year of 2024: RMB81,389 million).

          During the year of 2025, the Group entered into placements from other financial institutions with associates for a total
          amount of RMB2,050 million (during the year of 2024: RMB20,500 million).

          During the year of 2025, the Group obtained short-term bank loans from an associates for a total amount of RMB30 million
          (during the year of 2024: nil).

          During the year of 2025, the Group entered into bond lending agreement with associates for a total amount of RMB8,140
          million (during the year of 2024: RMB2,330 million).

          During the year of 2025, the Group entered into bill rediscounting agreements with associates for a total amount of
          RMB2,762 million (during the year of 2024: nil).

          During the year of 2025, the net sale of bonds between the Group and associates amounted to RMB19 million (during the
          year of 2024: nil).

          During the year of 2025, the Group received dividends from associates for a total amounts of RMB2,347 million (during the
          year of 2024: RMB1,038 million).

          During the year of 2025, the rental expenses incurred by the Group from associates for a total amounts of RMB25 million
          (during the year of 2024: RMB31 million).

          (iii) Transactions and balances between the Group and joint ventures:



                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                         2025                                  2024



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Accounts receivable                                                            2,359                                  8,168

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                         50,920                                 70,950




                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2025                                  2024



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                      10,792                                15,772




          During the year of 2025, the capital injection made by the Group into the joint venture amounted to RMB352 million
          (during the year of 2024: RMB75 million). During the year of 2025, the divestment made by the Group from the joint venture
          amounted to RMB89 million (during the year of 2024: RMB34 million).




400
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(iv) Transactions and balances between the Group and other related parties:



                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                               2025                                      2024



Balances at the end of the year:



Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                           3,919                                      939




                                                                           Year ended 31 December                                         About Us
                                                                               2025                                      2024



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                        183                                       154




                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
(c) Key management personnel remuneration



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
During the year ended 31 December 2025, the pre-tax remuneration of current year accrued and paid to directors,
supervisor and senior management of the Company amounted to RMB18.06 million, the total compensation packages
of the directors, supervisor and senior management for the fiscal year 2025 have not been finalised and will be further
disclosed when they are confirmed. This amount includes those payable to the Company's directors and supervisors as
disclosed in Note 16. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the post-employment benefits of directors, supervisor and
senior management amounted to RMB2.73 million (for the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB2.71 million).


(d) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
The related party transactions set out in Note 59(b) which constitute connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are exempt from the disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold under Rule 14A.76(1) and 14A.93.



60 Segment reporting

Management manages the business operations by the following segments in accordance with the nature of the operations
and the services provided, and the performance measure of business segments utilised by the Group is profit before
income tax:

- The wealth management segment engages in the trading of stocks, funds, bonds and futures on behalf of clients, to




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and asset allocation services. Moreover, the activities
of providing margin financing, securities lending, securities-backed lendings and sell financial products are included in this
segment.




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
- The institutional services segment mainly provides investment banking business to clients, research and institutional
sales, equity securities investments and transactions, fixed income investments and transactions, OTC financial products
and transactions.

- The investment management segment mainly consists of asset management, private equity investment, alternative
investments and commodities trading and arbitrage.

- The international business segment mainly includes the overseas business of overseas subsidiaries.

- Other segments include other operations of head office, mainly including interest income, share of profit of associates
and joint ventures, interest expenses of working capitals, and costs and expenses of middle offices and back offices.




                                                                                                                                 401
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (a) Business segments

          For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                   Wealth        Institutional     Investment      International
                                              management             services     management           business         Others            Total



          Revenue

             - External                          23,567,266         9,853,900         3,654,313         9,451,138        780,124      47,306,741

             - Inter-segment                            354            39,350                 -                -        844,236         883,940

          Other income and gains                    402,587           208,675           175,336        (721,529)       (130,235)        (65,166)

          Segment revenue and other
                                                 23,970,207         10,101,925        3,829,649        8,729,609       1,494,125      48,125,515
            income

          Segment expenses                       (15,119,252)      (7,146,551)       (1,438,792)     (5,079,508)     (4,289,011)    (33,073,114)

          Segment operating profit / (loss)       8,850,955         2,955,374         2,390,857         3,650,101   (2,794,886)       15,052,401

          Share of profit of associates and
            joint ventures                                 -                 -          487,521            3,144      2,866,230       3,356,895

          Profit before income tax                8,850,955         2,955,374         2,878,378        3,653,245          71,344      18,409,296



          Interest income                         10,207,250          1,281,155          85,678         1,501,712      1,140,273      14,216,068

          Interest expenses                      (2,768,631)      (3,029,183)         (358,210)       (2,677,251)    (1,025,059)    (9,858,334)

          Depreciation and amortisation
                                                  (533,150)         (149,520)          (72,552)        (178,226)       (561,115)     (1,494,563)
           expenses

          Net (provision for) / reversal of
           impairment loss on financial           (595,920)           (4,333)             (718)          (8,576)          15,833       (593,714)
           assets



          Segment assets                        439,954,441       302,540,223        45,135,652       193,175,011    180,472,262    1,161,277,589

          Additions to non-current segment
                                                     128,492           176,911            17,387          68,255        758,880        1,149,925
           assets during the year

          Segment liabilities                  (434,917,757)    (298,453,506)      (18,978,984)    (167,822,090)    (34,109,048)   (954,281,385)




402
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Restated)



                                         Wealth       Institutional     Investment        International
                                    management            services     management             business          Others             Total



Revenue

   - External                           18,998,372       8,254,568         2,444,882          14,044,736        1,491,570      45,234,128

   - Inter-segment                           1,938                -                  -                 -         744,617         746,555

Other income and gains                     86,073          (85,012)           214,965           924,035          33,309          1,173,370

Segment revenue and other


                                                                                                                                                       About Us
                                        19,086,383        8,169,556        2,659,847          14,968,771      2,269,496        47,154,053
  income

Segment expenses                      (12,864,554)       (7,172,421)        (1,530,117)     (8,035,260)      (4,569,796)      (34,172,148)

Segment operating profit                 6,221,829          997,135          1,129,730         6,933,511     (2,300,300)       12,981,905

Share of profit of associates and
  joint ventures                                 -               25        (767,099)               8,641        3,112,386       2,353,953

Profit before income tax                 6,221,829          997,160           362,631          6,942,152         812,086       15,335,858



Interest income                          9,364,162        1,378,940            125,641         1,629,306       1,368,675       13,866,724

Interest expenses                      (2,981,624)      (3,254,880)         (460,188)         (3,125,104)    (1,367,324)       (11,189,120)




                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
Depreciation and amortisation
                                        (542,946)         (188,263)           (71,322)         (403,144)       (602,981)      (1,808,656)
 expenses

Net (provision for) / reversal of




                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
 impairment loss on financial            (194,720)             5,011           (1,503)         (38,485)         (16,572)       (246,269)
 assets



Segment assets                         327,720,741       241,651,881       42,330,013       140,070,224       165,201,418     916,974,277

Additions to non-current segment
                                            151,125          222,101           21,756           257,846         1,035,017       1,687,845
 assets during the year

Segment liabilities                  (322,892,047)    (237,296,888)       (18,742,412)      (117,355,571)   (28,793,438)    (725,080,356)




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                              403
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Reconciliations of segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities:



                                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                           2024
                                                                                                2025
                                                                                                                     (Restated)



          Revenue

          Total revenue, gains and other income for segments                                48,125,515                 47,154,053

          Elimination of inter-segment revenue                                               (905,911)                  (815,772)

          Consolidated revenue, gains and other income                                      47,219,604                 46,338,281



          Profit

          Total profit before income tax for segments                                       18,409,296                 15,335,858

          Elimination of inter-segment profit                                                 (4,657)                      16,482

          Consolidated profit before income tax                                            18,404,639                  15,352,340




                                                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                                                2025                       2024



          Assets

          Total assets for segments                                                       1,161,277,589               916,974,277

          Elimination of inter-segment assets                                            (83,930,033)               (102,703,783)

          Consolidated total assets                                                      1,077,347,556                814,270,494



          Liabilities

          Total liabilities for segments                                                 (954,281,385)              (725,080,356)

          Elimination of inter-segment liabilities                                         83,930,033                 102,703,783

          Consolidated total liabilities                                                 (870,351,352)              (622,376,573)




          For the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Group's customer base is diversified and no customer
          had transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group's revenue.




404
      (b) Geographical information

      The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group's revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group's property and equipment, investment
      properties, goodwill, land-use rights and other intangible assets, interest in associates, interest in joint ventures and other non-current assets ("specified non-current assets"). The
      geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical
      location of the asset, in the case of property and equipment and other non-current assets, the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of goodwill, land-use
      rights and other intangible assets, and the location of operations, in the case of interest in associates and interest in joint ventures.



                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2025                                                  Year ended 31 December 2024 (Restated)

                                                    Mainland China                     Overseas                    Total             Mainland China                      Overseas               Total



      Revenue from external customers                    37,855,603                     9,451,138              47,306,741                  31,189,392                     14,044,737        45,234,129

      Other income and gains                               634,392                      (721,529)                (87,137)                      180,118                      924,034           1,104,152

      Total                                              38,489,995                    8,729,609               47,219,604                  31,369,510                     14,968,771        46,338,281




                                                                      Year ended 31 December 2025                                                        Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                    Mainland China                     Overseas                    Total             Mainland China                      Overseas               Total



      Specified non-current assets                       31,696,785                     1,433,889              33,130,674                  30,727,297                       718,465         31,445,762




405
                                       Financial Report and                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                           Corporate Governance                                                                 About Us                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                      and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          61 Financial instruments and risk management

          (a) Risk management policies and structure

          (i) Risk management policies

          In order to enhance the Group's scientific, standardised and effective management and operation, strengthen the
          capability of defending against risks and ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of the Group's businesses,
          the Group had formulated and continuously improved the Basic System for Risk Management which had been deliberated
          and approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Rules
          on Supervision over Securities Companies, the Guidelines on the Internal Control of Securities Companies, the Regulation on
          Comprehensive Risk Management of Securities Companies and other relevant regulations in combination with the business
          operation and business management. The Basic System for Risk Management is underpinned by management guidelines
          covering specialized risk types including market risk, credit risk, operational risk, model risk, liquidity risk, reputation risk, and
          information technology risk, and implemented through risk management policies for each business line. Relevant systems
          have been revised and enhanced in accordance with regulatory requirements and internal management practices,
          covering the full risk management process (risk identification, measurement, monitoring, response and reporting), as well
          as key areas such as new business risk assessment, stress testing, and authorization management.

          The principal types of risk faced by the Group in daily operation mainly include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk,
          operational risk, information technology risk, reputational risk, model risk, compliance risk, legal risk, money laundering risk
          and integrity risk, etc. The Group had formulated corresponding policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks,
          and set up risk indicators, risk limits and internal risk control processes in combination with the actual circumstances with a
          view to continuously manage the above risks through the support of information systems and effective mechanisms.

          Risk management is a shared responsibility of all the Group's employees. The Group continuously enhances the risk
          management awareness and risk sensitivity of all its employees through training and assessment to cultivate the risk
          management culture.

          (ii) Risk governance structure

          The Company's risk management organizational structure comprises the Board of Directors, together with its Compliance
          and Risk Management Committee and Audit Committee, the management team, together with its Risk Management
          Committee, as well as the Chief Risk Officer, all departments, branches, subsidiaries, the Risk Management Department and
          the Inspection Department.

          The Company's Board of Directors takes ultimate responsibilities for the Company's comprehensive risk management. It
          is responsible for establishing a risk management philosophy appropriate to the Company, comprehensively promoting
          the development of risk culture, reviewing and approving the Company's risk management strategy, basic systems for
          comprehensive risk management, risk appetite and risk tolerance, and reviewing the Company's regular risk assessment
          reports, etc. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee is set up by the Board to provide opinions for the Board's
          deliberation and decision-making. The Audit Committee established under the Company's Board of Directors assumes the
          supervision responsibility for comprehensive risk management and puts forward suggestions for the removal of directors
          and senior management personnel who are mainly responsible or have leadership responsibility for major risk incidents.

          The Company's management team assumes primary responsibility for comprehensive risk management in accordance
          with the authorization and approval of the Board of Directors. The management team actively practices the Company's risk
          culture, and is responsible for implementing risk management work, resolving problems existing in risk management and
          reporting to the Board of Directors. The Company's management team has established a Risk Management Committee
          under it, which is responsible for coordinating the integrated comprehensive risk management work at home and
          abroad. The Committee also promotes the establishment and improvement of a risk management system compatible
          with the Company's development strategy. The Company has appointed a Chief Risk Officer who is responsible for the
          comprehensive risk management work.

          The Company designates the Risk Management Committee and the Risk Management Department to perform risk
          management duties. Under the leadership of the Chief Risk Officer, they promote comprehensive risk management
          work, specifically organize, promote and implement various risk management work, and take the lead in managing
          the Company's market risk, credit risk, operational risk and model risk. The Company designates the Fund Operation
          Department to take the lead in managing the Company's liquidity risk, the Strategic Development Department to take the




406
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
lead in managing the Company's reputation risk, and the Information Technology Department to take the lead in managing
the Company's information technology risk.

The person-in-charge of each department, branch and subsidiary of the Company is the primary person responsible
for risk management of their respective units, assuming direct responsibility for risk management of their units. In daily
work, they promote and supervise employees to practice the Company's risk culture, organize the implementation of the
Company's risk management systems, process measures and risk control requirements, and identify, analyze, assess,
monitor, control, respond to and report risks from the source.

The Company's Inspection Department incorporates comprehensive risk management into the scope of internal
audit, regularly conducts independent and objective review and evaluation on the sufficiency and effectiveness of


                                                                                                                                            About Us
comprehensive risk management, and supervises the relevant units and personnel to rectify and implement the problems
found in the audit.


(b) Credit risk management

Credit risk refers to the risk of loss of the Company resulting from the default of borrowers or bond issuer or counterparty
(customer). The Company has established a credit risk management system covering self-owned capital and entrusted
funding business. The system is applied to all subsidiaries domestic or overseas, and also to the sub-subsidiaries managed
with reference to the subsidiary's management approach, thereby achieving full credit risk management coverage.



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
The Group mainly faced three types of credit risks, namely (i) the risks of losses arising from customer default; (ii) the risks
caused by default of the issuer in bond investment business; (iii) the risks of assets suffering from loss due to the default by



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
the counterparty in transaction business (including guarantee settlement business).

With respect to credit risk management of financing business, the Group implemented stringent control measures through
continuous monitoring for risky customers and risky assets and timely risk mitigation. The Company intensified the dynamic
counter-cyclical adjustment mechanism, established a market systemic risk monitoring and handling mechanism and
strengthened the post-credit management of related businesses, in order to control routine business risks, prevent bottom-
line risks and flexibly adjust the business structure.

With respect to credit risk management of issuers, the Company established a unified monitoring management system




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
for issuers to realize the unified monitoring of credit bond targets for the Company's various businesses. In the meantime,
the Company deepened the credit bonds' risk management and control in the whole process, established a screening and
disposal mechanism of normalization for risky securities, and continuously to strengthen the monitoring and early warning
mechanism of bond positions, thereby enhancing the effectiveness of the Company's prevention and control capabilities
of credit risk.

With respect to credit risk management of counterparties, the Company constantly promoted the group-level unified
counterparty management system and systematic construction, implements strict counterparty credit granting and
margin management mechanisms, strengthens continuous monitoring during the survival period, and continuously
improves the effectiveness of risk management throughout the business process. For guaranteed settlement business, the
Company continued to improve the design of risk indicators, promotes front-end control and enhances the establishment
of systematic measures, as well as strengthened its risk event handling and risk transmission control capabilities.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
The Company continued to optimize and improve its unified credit risk management system, in order to enhance its ability
to cope with the complex external credit environment and provide strong risk control guarantee for the development of
various credit businesses. During the reporting period, the Company did not experience any major credit risk events, and its




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
businesses operated smoothly.




                                                                                                                                   407
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Group provided credit loss allowances for securities-backed lendings of financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements. The Group assessed the continuous repayment, solvency and the collateral to loan ratios of the borrowers to
          analyse the degree of default risk and identified the three stages of credit loss allowances of the securities-backed lendings
          assets. The details are as below:



                                            Description                                                       Stage of credit loss allowances



          Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds, with no past
                                                                                                      12-month ECL                              Stage 1
           due days

          Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds, with less than
            90 days past due on its contractual payments

          Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
                                                                                             Lifetime ECL-not credit impaired                   Stage 2
            with no past due days

          Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
            with less than 90 days past due on its contractual payments

          Collateral to loan ratios below 100%

          Collateral to loan ratios above 100%, with more than 90 days past due on its
            contractual payments
                                                                                              Lifetime ECL- credit impaired                     Stage 3
          Borrowers in default or lawsuit

          Borrowers in significant financial difficulties or about to bankruptcy or
            undertaking a financial restructuring




          The Group set different force liquidation thresholds, normally no less than 130%, for different borrowers and assets.

          For assets classified under Stage 1 and Stage 2, the Group assessed credit loss allowances using the risk parameters
          modeling approach that incorporated key parameters inclusive of collateral to loan ratios and past due days. As at 31
          December 2025, the average credit loss rate was 0.38% assets classified under Stage 1 and no asset under Stage 2 (as at 31
          December 2024, the average credit loss rate was 0.29% assets classified under Stage 1 and no asset under Stage 2).

          For credit impaired assets classified under Stage 3, the Group assessed credit loss allowances taking into account
          the collateral securities under each contract and the financial situation of the borrower. The factors which the Group
          considered when assessing the credit loss allowances included but not limited to: the industry sector of the borrower, the
          stock price of the collateral securities, the average daily trading volume of the stock, the percentage of goodwill of the
          stock issuer, significant risk parameters of the securities, whether the borrowers are the holding shareholders, the liquidity
          and restriction on sales, the history of blacklist or defaults of the borrower, the total market pledged ratios of the stock, the
          collateral situation, and the credit enhancement measures implemented by the borrower. The Group assessed the above
          factors as well as collateral to loan ratios and past due days to evaluate and provide credit loss allowances, ranging from
          10% to 100%.

          For margin accounts receivable, the Group classified the exposures into three stages, considering the collateral coverage
          ratios as the main indicator, the concentration of positions as the supplementary index, and taking into account the
          borrowers' continuous repayment, the total balance of margin accounts, the liquidity of the collateral and other relevant
          information. The Group applied corresponding loss rates for assets at different stages, and calculates the expected credit
          loss accordingly.

          As at 31 December 2025, the average credit loss rate was 0.80%, 4.87% and 92.74% for assets classified under Stage 1, 2 and
          3, respectively (as at 31 December 2024, the average credit loss rate was 0.52%, 8.33% and 82.99% for assets classified under
          Stage 1, 2 and 3, respectively).

          For credit business, when calculating the expected credit loss, the Group identified a number of indicators from two
          dimensions: macroeconomic indicators and prosperity survey, taking into account forward-looking information that can be
          obtained without unnecessary additional costs or efforts. By constructing the relationship between these specific indicators
          and the loss rate, forward-looking adjustments were made to the expected credit loss of credit business.




408
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                    Stage 2             Stage 3
                                          Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
Margin accounts receivable               12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2025                    640,003                   964,367               161,254   1,765,624

Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                           -                         -                   -            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                    (94,503)                   94,503                    -            -

— Transfer to Stage 3                       (692)                   (1,308)               2,000            -

— Charged/(credit) to profit or loss     826,803                 (227,298)                6,093     605,598




                                                                                                                        About Us
— Other                                     (826)                    (500)                (102)      (1,428)

As at 31 December 2025                   1,370,785                 829,764              169,245    2,369,794




                                                                    Stage 2             Stage 3
Financial assets held under               Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
resale agreements                        12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2025                       8,918                         -             610,091      619,009




                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                           -                         -                   -            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                           -                         -                   -            -




                                                                                                                      and Strategies
— Transfer to Stage 3                           -                         -                   -            -

— Charged/(credit) to profit or loss        15,170                        -             (7,664)        7,506

— Other                                      (115)                        -             (2,873)      (2,988)

As at 31 December 2025                     23,973                         -            599,554       623,527




                                                                    Stage 2             Stage 3
Debt instruments at fair value through    Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
other comprehensive income               12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2025                       6,164                         -                   -        6,164

Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                           -                         -                   -            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                           -                         -                   -            -

— Transfer to Stage 3                           -                         -                   -            -

— Charge to profit or loss                   4,617                        -                   -        4,617

— Other                                   (5,345)                         -                   -      (5,345)

As at 31 December 2025                      5,436                         -                   -        5,436




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                               409
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (i) Maximum exposure to credit riskk

          Maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements:



                                                                                                           As at 31 December

                                                                                                             2025                                2024



          Debt instruments at amortised cost                                                            44,518,307                          47,793,722

          Refundable deposits                                                                           49,391,627                          33,451,298

          Accounts receivable                                                                           12,589,543                           5,587,233

          Other receivables                                                                               404,684                               219,195

          Margin accounts receivable                                                                186,014,825                            132,546,005

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                                                        44,815,936                           10,135,553
           comprehensive income

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                  17,609,186                          15,228,401

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                     172,083,847                            173,544,758

          Derivative financial assets                                                                    11,437,030                           9,991,125

          Clearing settlement funds                                                                      8,346,763                            11,136,757

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                                                  221,738,092                            170,880,569

          Bank balances                                                                                 47,693,297                           39,521,272

          Assets classified as held for sale                                                                     -                              10,399

          Total maximum credit risk exposure                                                            816,643,137                        650,046,287




          The Group's credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognised as follows according to
          the stage of ECL:



                                                                                           As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                        Lifetime ECL-                   Lifetime ECL-
          Impairment and loss allowance                           12-month ECL    not credit impaired                 credit impaired           Total



          Bank balances                                                      91                     -                                 -              91

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage
           clients                                                           13                     -                                 -              13

          Margin accounts receivable                                  1,370,785               829,764                          169,245       2,369,794

          Financial assets held under resale
            agreements                                                   23,973                     -                        599,554          623,527

          Accounts receivable                                                -                 90,420                           49,466         139,886

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                              2,957                     -                                 -          2,957

          Debt instruments at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                                    5,436                      -                                 -          5,436

          Other receivables and interest
           receivable                                                       77                 63,551                         694,652         758,280

          Total                                                       1,403,332               983,735                          1,512,917    3,899,984




410
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                  As at 31 December 2024

                                                                               Lifetime ECL-               Lifetime ECL-
Impairment and loss allowance                   12-month ECL            not credit impaired             credit impaired             Total



Bank balances                                            351                                -                             -            351

Cash held on behalf of brokerage                           15                               -                             -             15
 clients

Margin accounts receivable                           640,003                        964,367                          161,254     1,765,624

Financial assets held under resale
  agreements                                            8,918                               -                        610,091       619,009

Accounts receivable                                        -                          131,600                        48,624        180,224


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
Debt instruments at amortised cost                      5,391                               -                             -          5,391

Debt instruments at fair value through
 other comprehensive income                             6,164                               -                             -          6,164

Other receivables and interest
 receivable                                               179                           61,171                       706,514      767,864

Total                                                 661,021                        1,157,138                  1,526,483        3,344,642




(ii) Risk concentrations



                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
The Group's maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements, as
categorised by geographical area:



                                                                                      By geographical area                                          and Strategies
                                                         Mainland China                   Outside Mainland China                    Total



31 December 2025



Debt instruments at amortised cost                               44,288,701                                229,606             44,518,307




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Refundable deposits                                              41,481,597                             7,910,030               49,391,627

Accounts receivable                                               3,269,827                              9,319,716             12,589,543

Other receivables                                                  300,654                                 104,030                404,684

Margin accounts receivable                                       182,870,173                            3,144,652              186,014,825

Debt instruments at fair value through other
 comprehensive income                                            38,049,374                             6,766,562              44,815,936

Financial assets held under resale
                                                                  11,065,541                           6,543,645                17,609,186
  agreements

Financial assets at fair value through profit
                                                                143,354,996                            28,728,851              172,083,847
  or loss

Derivative financial assets                                       4,836,001                             6,601,029               11,437,030

Clearing settlement funds                                         6,749,407                             1,597,356               8,346,763




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                        213,447,415                             8,290,677              221,738,092

Bank balances                                                    37,132,688                            10,560,609              47,693,297

Total maximum credit risk exposure                              726,846,374                            89,796,763              816,643,137




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                             411
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                   By geographical area

                                                             Mainland China           Outside Mainland China                        Total



          31 December 2024



          Debt instruments at amortised cost                       47,557,179                         236,543                   47,793,722

          Refundable deposits                                       25,812,561                       7,638,737                  33,451,298

          Accounts receivable                                       2,984,582                        2,602,651                   5,587,233

          Other receivables                                            188,154                            31,041                   219,195

          Margin accounts receivable                               130,578,012                       1,967,993                 132,546,005

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                       6,692,111                     3,443,442                   10,135,553

          Financial assets held under resale
                                                                    9,234,426                       5,993,975                   15,228,401
            agreements

          Financial assets at fair value through profit
                                                                  143,564,589                      29,980,169                  173,544,758
            or loss

          Derivative financial assets                                 4,141,156                     5,849,969                     9,991,125

          Clearing settlement funds                                10,505,924                         630,833                    11,136,757

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                167,622,790                        3,257,779                 170,880,569

          Bank balances                                            23,703,274                       15,817,998                  39,521,272

          Assets classified as held for sale                           10,399                                 -                     10,399

          Total maximum credit risk exposure                      572,595,157                       77,451,130                650,046,287




          (c) Liquidity risk management

          Liquidity risk refers to the risk of the Group not being able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in time to meet
          due debts, perform payment obligations and meet the capital requirements of normal businesses. The Group established
          a fully functional liquidity risk management system to identify, measure, monitor, control and report on its overall liquidity
          risk to improve the information of liquidity risk management, enhance the capabilities in the identification, measurement
          and monitoring of liquidity risk, and strengthen the Group ability in addressing liquidity risk. In addition, the Group also
          established a right-sized liquidity assets reserves based on the risk appetite and maintained sufficient liquidity assets with
          high quality to ensure the satisfaction of liquidity needs under stressful scenarios in a timely manner.




412
      The following tables show the details of the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group's non-derivative financial liabilities and derivate financial
      liabilities. Analysis of non-derivative financial liabilities are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating,
      based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:



                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2025

                                                                                                       More than              More than      More than
                                                                        Overdue/                     1 month but           3 months but      1 year but
                                                         Carrying    repayable on      Less than        less than              less than      less than    More than
      Financial Liabilities                              amount          demand          1 month        3 months                   1 year       5 years      5 years      Undated              Total



      Short-term bank loans                             21,647,664              -      8,909,447       5,958,084                6,940,120             -             -            -         21,807,651

      Short-term debt instruments issued                60,329,377              -       1,064,829      18,610,453              41,489,372             -             -            -         61,164,654

      Placements from other financial institutions      37,134,967              -      32,290,125       3,306,589               1,562,989             -             -            -         37,159,703

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients            240,910,426     240,910,426              -               -                       -             -             -            -        240,910,426

      Other payables and accruals                      108,926,702     106,197,608       1,749,417         83,887                322,697        613,738        38,344            -        109,005,691

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                       148,156,522              -      135,091,139      9,352,165               3,705,188        34,304             -            -        148,182,796
        agreements

      Derivative financial liabilities                  18,224,472              -      13,633,500       2,132,884               1,808,320       642,355          7,413           -         18,224,472

      Financial liabilities at fair value through
                                                        36,421,918      16,010,429       878,883        4,901,682               7,660,313      4,321,226    2,747,605            -         36,520,138
        profit or loss

      Long-term bonds                                  183,091,799              -       9,536,100       7,637,420              69,168,401    93,104,538     11,989,360           -        191,435,819

      Long-term bank loans                                 170,903              -               -           2,661                   8,132       182,827             -            -            193,620

      Total                                            855,014,750     363,118,463    203,153,440      51,985,825            132,665,532     98,898,988     14,782,722           -       864,604,970




413
                                           Financial Report and                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                                             Corporate Governance                                                          About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                     and Strategies
414



                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2024

                                                                              Overdue/                      More than 1           More than 3       More than 1
                                                                           repayable on    Less than     month but less        months but less     year but less    More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                            HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial Liabilities                           Carrying amount          demand        1 month     than 3 months             than 1 year     than 5 years       5 years      Undated        Total



      Short-term bank loans                                  3,362,980                 -    2,273,870          1,087,069                 12,635                -              -          -     3,373,574

      Short-term debt instruments issued                    28,852,939                 -     3,197,084         5,425,790             20,714,438                -              -          -    29,337,312

      Placements from other financial institutions            30,113,661               -   28,301,738          1,248,620               589,441                 -              -          -    30,139,799

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                184,586,976       184,586,976            -                  -                      -                -              -          -   184,586,976

      Other payables and accruals                           74,656,220        72,385,981     1,208,179           100,843               322,785          695,835         39,217           -   74,752,840

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                           121,048,168               -   104,293,812         6,957,041              8,861,069         1,185,205             -          -    121,297,127

      Derivative financial liabilities                       10,943,785                -     5,216,144         2,879,429               1,891,877         956,016            319          -    10,943,785

      Financial liabilities at fair value through
        profit or loss                                      40,448,332        14,000,834     1,596,739          1,872,196             6,987,017       19,736,089      1,665,071          -   45,857,946

      Liabilities associated with assets classified
        as held for sale                                         13,328           8,809             -               659                   1,995            2,003              -          -        13,466

      Long-term bonds                                        115,458,817               -    5,415,400         12,933,454            28,488,659        60,862,797      11,717,160         -    119,417,470

      Long-term bank loans                                            -                -            -                  -                      -                -              -          -             -

      Total                                                609,485,206       270,982,600   151,502,966         32,505,101            67,869,916       83,437,945     13,421,767          -   619,720,295
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(d) Market risk management

Market risk refers to the risk of asset loss for the Company due to fluctuations in risk factors such as stock prices, interest
rates, exchange rates, and commodities. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market
risk within the acceptable range and to maximise the risk adjusted return.

(i) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk refers to the risk that movements in market interest rate will cause fluctuation in the Group's consolidated
financial position and cash flow. The Group's interest-bearing assets mainly include bank balances, clearing settlement
funds, margin accounts receivable, financial assets purchased under resale agreements, refundable deposits and


                                                                                                                                             About Us
bond investments; interest-bearing liabilities mainly include short-term bank loans, short-term debt instruments issued,
placements from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, accounts payable to
brokerage clients, long-term bonds and long-term bank loans, amongst others.

For financial instruments held on the reporting date that expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk, the Group adopts
sensitivity analysis as the primary instrument for monitoring interest rate risk. Sensitivity analysis measures the effect of any
reasonable and potential changes to the interest rate on the net profits and shareholders' equity under the assumption
that all the other variables remain constant.




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    415
416



      The following tables indicate the assets and liabilities as at the end of the reporting period by the expected next repricing dates or by maturity dates, depending on which is earlier:
                                                                                                                                                                                                              HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                                                               As at 31 December 2025

                                                               Less than          More than 1 month    More than 3 months            More than 1 year      More than     Non-interest
      Financial assets                                           1 month     but less than 3 months    but less than 1 year     but less than 5 years        5 years         bearing                 Total



      Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair value
                                                                        -                         -                       -                           -             -         297,529              297,529
       through profit or loss

      Debt instruments at amortised cost                          59,996                    239,982               1,633,456                15,729,578      26,407,785          447,510       44,518,307

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                  100,173                  1,533,361              4,674,560                19,728,059       18,304,981        474,802        44,815,936
       comprehensive income

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                        -                         -                       -                           -             -       14,613,478           14,613,478
        comprehensive income

      Financial assets held under resale agreements             11,931,157                 1,017,437              3,539,943                    1,112,119            -            8,530           17,609,186

      Refundable deposits                                      3,875,785                          -                       -                           -             -      45,515,842        49,391,627

      Accounts receivable                                               -                         -                       -                           -             -       12,589,543       12,589,543

      Other receivables                                                 -                         -                       -                           -             -         404,684             404,684

      Margin accounts receivable                                7,832,813                 39,109,769            135,907,604                           -             -        3,164,639       186,014,825

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    4,878,630                  13,520,578             44,326,529                53,212,736      53,349,571     209,654,285       378,942,329

      Derivative financial assets                                398,930                          -                       -                           -             -        11,038,100          11,437,030

      Clearing settlement funds                                8,346,763                          -                       -                           -             -                -           8,346,763

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                219,332,648                  2,200,732                      -                           -             -          204,712      221,738,092

      Cash and bank balances                                   45,955,411                   629,859               1,080,894                           -             -           27,391       47,693,555

      Total                                                   302,712,306                 58,251,718             191,162,986               89,782,492      98,062,337     298,441,045      1,038,412,884
                                                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2025

                                                                 Less than           More than 1 month    More than 3 months             More than 1 year    More than             Non-interest
      Financial liabilities                                        1 month      but less than 3 months    but less than 1 year      but less than 5 years      5 years                 bearing             Total



      Short-term bank loans                                     (8,836,033)                (5,886,652)             (6,808,469)                          -              -                (116,510)    (21,647,664)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                        (1,023,664)                (18,182,755)           (40,805,740)                          -              -               (317,218)     (60,329,377)

      Placements from other financial institutions             (32,268,616)                 (3,277,046)             (1,543,901)                         -              -               (45,404)      (37,134,967)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                   (240,907,027)                          -                       -                          -              -                 (3,399)    (240,910,426)

      Other payables and accruals                                   (34,947)                  (74,974)               (299,856)                 (569,578)        (32,907)           (107,914,440)    (108,926,702)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                               (134,945,107)                (9,327,642)            (3,687,822)                   (34,304)              -               (161,647)    (148,156,522)
        agreements

      Derivative financial liabilities                              (413,860)                        -                       -                          -              -             (17,810,612)    (18,224,472)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                                                                 (12,199,177)               (4,901,682)            (7,562,092)                 (4,321,226)   (1,862,545)             (5,575,196)     (36,421,918)
         loss

      Long-term bonds                                           (9,000,000)                (7,000,000)            (65,748,960)               (87,620,800)    (11,300,000)            (2,422,039)    (183,091,799)

      Long-term bank loans                                                 -                  (170,903)                      -                          -              -                       -        (170,903)

      Total                                                   (439,628,431)                (48,821,654)          (126,456,840)              (92,545,908)     (13,195,452)          (134,366,465)    (855,014,750)

      Net interest rate risk exposure                          (136,916,125)                 9,430,064              64,706,146                (2,763,416)    84,866,885             164,074,580       183,398,134




417
                                           Financial Report and                                                                   Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                    About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                  and Strategies
418



                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2024

                                                               Less than          More than 1 month     More than 3 months               More than 1 year     More than     Non-interest
      Financial assets                                           1 month     but less than 3 months      but less than 1 year       but less than 5 years       5 years         bearing          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                           HUATAI SECURITIES




      Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair value
                                                                        -                          -                         -                           -             -         208,769       208,769
       through profit or loss

      Debt instruments at amortised cost                         269,990                    410,455                   6,167,119                  11,747,158   28,694,296         504,704     47,793,722

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                  624,414                     866,111               5,213,898                      211,894      3,120,396         98,840     10,135,553
       comprehensive income

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                        -                          -                         -                           -             -         125,860        125,860
        comprehensive income

      Assets classified as held for sale                           10,399                          -                         -                           -             -          318,042       328,441

      Financial assets held under resale agreements             11,559,192                   292,219                3,037,614                     333,951              -           5,425     15,228,401

      Refundable deposits                                       2,601,703                          -                         -                           -             -      30,849,596     33,451,299

      Accounts receivable                                               -                          -                         -                           -             -        5,587,233     5,587,233

      Other receivables                                                 -                          -                         -                           -             -          219,195       219,195

      Margin accounts receivable                                5,052,293                 13,443,692               110,672,925                      5,543         25,854       3,345,698    132,546,005

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     4,963,918                  8,073,497              43,536,438                   56,636,854     58,353,969      129,973,081   301,537,757

      Derivative financial assets                                608,203                           -                         -                           -             -       9,382,922       9,991,125

      Clearing settlement funds                                 11,136,757                         -                         -                           -             -               -      11,136,757

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                170,669,083                          -                   46,285                            -             -          165,201   170,880,569

      Cash and bank balances                                   31,727,490                  5,601,238                2,086,303                            -             -          106,427    39,521,458

      Total                                                   239,223,442                 28,687,212              170,760,582                  68,935,400      90,194,515    180,890,993    778,692,144
                                                                                                                                       As at 31 December 2024

                                                                 Less than             More than 1 month     More than 3 months               More than 1 year     More than            Non-interest
      Financial liabilities                                        1 month        but less than 3 months      but less than 1 year       but less than 5 years       5 years                bearing              Total



      Short-term bank loans                                      (2,264,814)                   (1,078,575)                 (12,428)                           -              -                 (7,163)     (3,362,980)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                            (3,131,010)               (5,316,000)             (20,327,750)                            -              -                (78,179)    (28,852,939)

      Placements from other financial institutions             (28,282,608)                   (1,236,405)                (575,071)                            -              -                (19,577)      (30,113,661)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                    (184,583,358)                            -                        -                            -              -                 (3,618)   (184,586,976)

      Other payables and accruals                                    (22,999)                    (98,381)                 (311,290)                  (548,288)        (33,657)           (73,641,605)     (74,656,220)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                              (104,041,516)                 (6,836,593)              (8,752,065)                   (1,176,069)             -              (241,925)     (121,048,168)

      Derivative financial liabilities                              (760,937)                           -                        -                            -              -            (10,182,848)    (10,943,785)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
        loss                                                     (12,197,346)                  (1,872,196)             (6,780,054)                 (14,533,439)       (154,610)           (4,910,687)     (40,448,332)

      Liabilities associated with assets classified as held
        for sale                                                      (8,809)                       (626)                   (1,920)                      (1,973)             -                      -          (13,328)

      Long-term bonds                                           (4,800,000)                   (12,188,400)            (26,225,000)                (58,950,280)     (11,300,000)            (1,995,137)     (115,458,817)

      Long-term bank loans                                                   -                          -                        -                            -              -                      -                 -

      Total                                                   (340,093,397)                  (28,627,176)             (62,985,578)                 (75,210,049)    (11,488,267)          (91,080,739)    (609,485,206)

      Net interest rate risk exposure                          (100,869,955)                      60,036               107,775,004                 (6,274,649)     78,706,248              89,810,254      169,206,938




419
                                           Financial Report and                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                                  Corporate Governance                                                                       About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                      and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          For those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
          reporting period, the Group adopts sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
          Group's net profit and equity. Assuming all other variables remain constant and without taking into consideration of the
          management's activities to reduce interest rate risk, interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:



                                                                                        Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                          As at 31 December

          Move in yield curve                                                                 2025                                 2024



          Up 100 basis points                                                            (4,415,515)                          (4,343,453)

          Down 100 basis points                                                           5,220,746                            4,990,742




                                                                                        Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                          As at 31 December

          Move in yield curve                                                                 2025                                 2024



          Up 100 basis points                                                            (6,176,599)                          (4,409,516)

          Down 100 basis points                                                            7,361,806                           5,058,907




          The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's net profit and equity that would arise
          assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-
          measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end
          of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative
          instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group's net profit and equity is
          estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates.

          (ii) Currency risk

          Currency risk is the risk arising from foreign exchange business of the Group, which is attributable to the fluctuation of
          foreign exchange rates. Apart from the assets and liabilities held by the Group's overseas subsidiaries which use Hong
          Kong dollars or U.S. dollars as their functional currency, other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
          mainly represent foreign currency cash and bank balances held by domestic enterprises, foreign currency financial assets
          and liabilities arising from cross-border business, as well as foreign currency financial assets acquired by subsidiaries. In
          respect of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as cash and bank balances, clearing settlement
          funds, refundable deposits, accounts receivable, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, accounts payable and long-
          term bonds that are not accounted for with their functional currency, the Group has ensured that their net risk exposure are
          maintained at an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at market exchange rates where necessary to
          address the short-term imbalances.




420
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Assuming all other risk variables remained constant and without consideration of risk management measures undertaken
by the Group, a 10% strengthening of the RMB against USD and HKD at the reporting date would have increased / (decreased)
the Group's equity and net profit by the amount shown below, whose effect is in RMB and translated using the spot rate at
the reporting date:



                                                                           Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                             As at 31 December

Currency                                                                          2025                                    2024




                                                                                                                                            About Us
USD                                                                        (1,339,628)                                (222,714)

HKD                                                                          2,289,647                                (340,754)




                                                                           Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                             As at 31 December

Currency                                                                          2025                                    2024



USD                                                                        (1,339,628)                                (222,714)



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
HKD                                                                               21,519                            (2,376,794)




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
A 10% weakening of the RMB against the USD and HKD at balance date would have had the equal but opposite effect on
them to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remained constant.

Due to the above assumptions, the result of sensitivity analysis on exchange rate changes may be different, compared with
the actual changes in the Group's net profit and equity of may arise with this.

(iii) Price risks




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments concluded in financial instruments at
fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Price risk the
Group facing is mainly the proportionate fluctuation in the Group's net profits due to the price fluctuation of the financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss and the proportionate fluctuation in the Group's equity due to the price
fluctuation of the financial instruments measured at fair value.

Sensitivity analysis

The analysis below is performed to show the impact on Group's net profit and equity due to change in the prices of equity
securities by 10% with all other variables held constant.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                                                                           Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                  2025                                    2024




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Increase by 10%                                                              7,525,273                                5,421,007

Decrease by 10%                                                            (7,525,273)                               (5,421,007)




                                                                                                                                   421
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2025                                      2024



          Increase by 10%                                                              8,621,283                                  5,430,614

          Decrease by 10%                                                            (8,621,283)                                (5,430,614)




          The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's net profit and equity that would arise assuming
          that the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end of the reporting period
          and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to equity
          price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also assumed that the fair values of the Group's equity investments would
          change in accordance with the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
          that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2025 and 2024.


          (e) Operational risk management

          Operational risk refers to the risk on the Company's losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal procedures, staff,
          system or external events, which lead to inefficient internal procedures, mistakes of staff in operation or failure to strictly
          enforce the established procedures. The Risk Management Department takes the lead in managing the operational risk of
          the Group. Each department, business department and subsidiary actively perform the operational risk management in
          their respective lines and are responsible for the management effect, and bear the first responsibility. The Company adopts
          technological measures to prevent the emergence of operational risks in different business and management procedures
          as well as key segments, whilst at the same time strengthens process controls, to ensure effective implementation of
          operational risk management policies and systems. The Group carries out self-assessment of risk and control, monitoring
          of key risk indicators and gathering of loss data as additional approaches to strengthen the management of operational
          risks.

          Based on the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the CSRC, the National
          Audit Office and the Former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission as well as its supporting guidelines and
          the relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities and the Company, the Group has developed the risk-based internal
          control standards and carried out relevant continuous improvement initiatives. It has combined the self-assessment
          of operational risk with the self-assessment of internal controls; comprehensively sorted out and evaluated the inherent
          risks and control activities in various business processes; tested the effectiveness of control design and implementation;
          rectified the internal control weaknesses; comprehensively sorted out and optimised various business segments, systems
          and processes of the Group, as well as supplemented and improved the risk control matrix and the internal control manual,
          in order to ensure that the Group internal control measures are properly in place and the effectiveness of risk management.
          In addition, the Group has also integrated the management of operational risk and internal controls into daily operation;
          participated in the design of system, procedures and plan for new business throughout the entire process; fully identified
          and comprehensively evaluated the operational risks; and performed various pre-, middle- and post management
          measures such as setting up front-end controls, standardising business processes, creating monitoring indicators and
          conducting training and inspection in order to implement internal controls at key risk points.




422
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(f) Capital management

The Group's objectives of capital management are:

(i) To safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern so that they can continue to provide returns for
shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;

(ii) To support the Group's stability and growth;

(iii) To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of their business; and

(iv) To comply with the capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States regulations.


                                                                                                                                                 About Us
On 23 January 2020 and 13 September 2024, the revised Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators of Securities
Companies and the revised Rules on Standards for the Calculation of Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies were
issued by the CSRC ("Revised Administrative Measures"). The Company is required to meet the following standards for risk
control indicators on a continual basis from 1 January 2025:

(i) The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its various risk capital provisions shall be no less than 100%;

(ii) The ratio of net capital divided by net assets shall be no less than 20%;

(iii) The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8%;


                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
(iv) The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10%;




                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
(v) The ratio of the value of equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 100%;

(vi) The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 500%;

(vii) The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance sheet and off balance sheet assets shall be no less than 8%;

(viii) The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by net cash outflows for the next 30 days shall be no less than 100%;

(ix) The ratio of available stable funds divided by required stable funds shall be no less than 100%; and




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
(x) The ratio of margin financing (including securities lending) divided by net capital shall not exceed 400%.

Net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the Administrative Measures.

As at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024, the Company maintained net capital and the above ratios as follows:



                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                      2025                                     2024
                                                                                                                         (Restated)



Net Capital                                                                       94,566,583                               94,142,061

The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its
                                                                                    298.67%                                  431.31%




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
  various risk capital provisions

The ratio of net capital divided by net assets                                       55.33%                                   58.51%

The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities                                       18.97%                                  27.25%




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities                                       34.28%                                  46.57%

The ratio of the value of equity securities and
                                                                                      56.81%                                 26.98%
  derivatives held divided by net capital

The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and
                                                                                    305.53%                                 254.96%
  derivatives held divided by net capital

The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance
                                                                                      13.27%                                  18.02%
  sheet and off balance sheet assets

The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by
                                                                                     190.37%                                260.99%
  net cash outflows for the next 30 days

The ratio of available stable funds divided by
                                                                                    142.88%                                  159.70%
  required stable funds

The ratio of margin financing (including securities
                                                                                    200.81%                                  142.72%
  lending) divided by net capital




                                                                                                                                        423
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Similar to the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Group are also subject to capital requirements under the Mainland
          China, Hong Kong and the United States regulatory requirements, respectively. These subsidiaries comply with the capital
          requirements during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.


          (g) Transfer of financial assets

          The Group transferred financial assets to certain counterparties through repurchase agreements and securities lending.
          These securities are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position because the Group retains
          substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities.

          The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell debt securities classified as financial
          assets at fair value through profit or loss and debt instruments at amortised cost. Sales and repurchase agreements are
          transactions in which the Group sell a security, and agree to repurchase it at the agreed date and price. The repurchase
          prices are fixed and the Group is still exposed to substantially all the credit risks, market risks and rewards of those securities
          sold. These securities are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position because the Group
          retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial assets.

          The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients to lend out its equity securities and exchange-traded
          funds classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As stipulated in the securities lending agreements, the
          legal ownership of these equity securities and exchange-traded funds is transferred to the clients. Although the clients are
          allowed to sell these securities during the covered period, they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at
          specified future dates. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks and interests of these securities
          and therefore has not derecognised these securities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

          The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values of the transferred financial assets that are not
          derecognised in their entirety and the associated liabilities:

          As at 31 December 2025



                                                                              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                               Sales and repurchase
                                                                        agreements                     Securities lending                  Total



          Carrying amount of transferred assets                              11,380,513                          2,228,548             13,609,061

          Carrying amount of associated liabilities                        (9,954,422)                                   -            (9,954,422)

          Net position                                                       1,426,091                           2,228,548             3,654,639




          As at 31 December 2024



                                                                              Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                               Sales and repurchase
                                                                        agreements                      Securities lending                 Total



          Carrying amount of transferred assets                              7,136,485                            1,274,563              8,411,048

          Carrying amount of associated liabilities                        (6,065,887)                                   -            (6,065,887)

          Net position                                                       1,070,598                            1,274,563              2,345,161




424
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
62 Fair value informationn

(a) Fair value of financial instruments

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participations at the measurement date.

(i) Financial instruments in Level I

The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the
statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an


                                                                                                                                                  About Us
exchange, dealer, broker and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm's length
basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the closing price within bid-ask spread. These
instruments are included in Level I.

(ii) Financial instruments in Level II

The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques.
These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible
on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
included in Level II.


                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
(iii) Financial instruments in Level III




                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level III.


(b) Fair value of other financial instruments (carried at other than fair value)

The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis is estimated by the
active market quotation or determined in accordance with discounted cash flow method.

The main parameters used in discounted cash flow method for financial instruments held by the Group that are not
measured at fair value on a recurring basis include bond interest rates, foreign exchange rates and counterparty credit




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
spreads.

The carrying amount and fair value of debt instruments at amortised cost investments, short-term debt instruments issued
and long-term bonds which are not presented at fair value are listed as below:



Carrying amount


                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                  2025                                          2024




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Financial assets

- Debt instruments at amortised cost                                         44,518,307                                     47,793,722

Total                                                                        44,518,307                                     47,793,722




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Financial liabilities

- Short-term debt instruments issued                                       (60,329,377)                                (28,852,939)

- Long-term bonds                                                          (183,091,799)                                (115,458,817)

Total                                                                      (243,421,176)                                (144,311,756)




                                                                                                                                         425
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Fair value


                                                                                 As at 31 December 2025

                                                            Level I                  Level II                  Level III          Total



          Financial assets

          - Debt instruments at amortised cost                    -               47,061,298                            -    47,061,298

          Total                                                   -               47,061,298                            -    47,061,298



          Financial liabilities

          - Short-term debt instruments issued                    -               42,777,532                 17,560,847      60,338,379

          - Long-term bonds                                       -              139,437,170                 45,532,775     184,969,945

          Total                                                   -              182,214,702                 63,093,622     245,308,324




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2024

                                                            Level I                  Level II                   Level III         Total



          Financial assets

          - Debt instruments at amortised cost                    -               51,458,276                            -     51,458,276

          Total                                                   -               51,458,276                            -     51,458,276



          Financial liabilities

          - Short-term debt instruments issued                    -                16,841,267                 12,022,923      28,864,190

          - Long-term bonds                                       -               92,483,912                 25,836,552      118,320,464

          Total                                                   -               109,325,179                37,859,475      147,184,654




          The fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities included in the level II and III categories above have been
          determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the
          most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties.

          Except for the above, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
          liabilities recorded in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position approximate their fair value.




426
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(c) Fair value of financial instruments carried at fair value

The table below analyses financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, by the level in
the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised. It does not include fair value information for
financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of
fair value.



                                                                    As at 31 December 2025

                                                   Level I              Level II                Level III                Total




                                                                                                                                            About Us
Assets

Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss

- Debt securities                                  139,451          169,065,162                   83,432           169,288,045

- Equity securities                           105,627,585                      -               5,459,613             111,087,198

- Mutual funds                                 87,848,536                77,402                    191,131           88,117,069

- Private funds                                          -           5,595,740                          -            5,595,740

- Wealth management products                             -            4,287,024                         -            4,287,024

- Other debt instruments                                 -                     -                 567,253               567,253



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Debt instruments at fair value through
                                                         -           44,815,936                         -           44,815,936
 other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                14,319,599                1,400                  292,479             14,613,478
  other comprehensive income

Other investment

- Unlisted investment in a joint venture                 -                     -                 297,529               297,529

Derivative financial assets                       489,133             9,673,133                1,274,764             11,437,030

Other current assets                                     -            2,287,704                         -            2,287,704

Total                                         208,424,304           235,803,501                 8,166,201          452,394,006




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through
  profit or loss

- Financial liabilities held for trading       (2,219,861)          (22,811,167)                        -          (25,031,028)

- Financial liabilities designated at fair
                                                         -          (3,190,654)              (8,200,236)           (11,390,890)
    value through profit or loss

Derivative financial liabilities                (730,172)          (13,003,502)              (4,490,798)           (18,224,472)

Total                                         (2,950,033)          (39,005,323)              (12,691,034)         (54,646,390)




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   427
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                               As at 31 December 2024

                                                           Level I                Level II                 Level III                 Total



          Assets

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss

          - Debt securities                               446,496              170,876,044                  242,137             171,564,677

          - Equity securities                           55,932,255                       -               5,429,448               61,361,703

          - Mutual funds                                 56,680,114              4,138,638                 257,505              61,076,257

          - Private funds                                        -              3,548,647                          -             3,548,647

          - Wealth management products                           -              3,280,955                          -             3,280,955

          - Other debt instruments                               -                       -                  705,518                705,518

          Debt instruments at fair value through
                                                                 -              10,135,553                         -             10,135,553
           other comprehensive income

          Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                                 -                  21,109                   104,751               125,860
            other comprehensive income

          Other investment

          - Unlisted investment in a joint venture               -                       -                 208,769                208,769

          Derivative financial assets                      350,714              7,349,069                 2,291,342               9,991,125

          Total                                         113,409,579            199,350,015                9,239,470            321,999,064



          Liabilities

          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss

          - Financial liabilities held for trading      (1,165,039)           (25,420,561)                         -          (26,585,600)

          - Financial liabilities designated at fair
                                                                 -             (5,062,578)              (8,800,154)            (13,862,732)
             value through profit or loss

          Derivative financial liabilities               (376,897)             (8,735,144)               (1,831,744)          (10,943,785)

          Total                                         (1,541,936)           (39,218,283)              (10,631,898)            (51,392,117)




          For the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no financial instruments transfer from Level II to Level I (for the year ended
          31 December 2024: Nil).




428
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(i) Valuation methods for financial instruments in Level II



Financial assets and liabilities             Fair value hierarchy                      Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)



Debt securities at fair value through                               Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted at a rate
                                                   Level II
 profit or loss                                                       that reflects the credit risk of the bonds.



Equity securities at fair value through
                                                   Level II         Recent transaction prices.
  profit or loss




                                                                                                                                                                About Us
Funds at fair value through profit or loss         Level II         Net asset value as published by the fund managers.



Wealth management products at fair
                                                   Level II         Net asset value as published by the managers of products.
 value through profit or loss



Debt instruments at fair value through                              Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted at a rate
                                                   Level II
 other comprehensive income                                           that reflects the credit risk of the bonds.



Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                   Level II         Recent transaction prices.
  other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                    Future cash flows estimated based on forward exchange rates (from observable
                                                                      forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting period) and contract



                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Derivative financial assets/ derivative                               forward rates, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of various
                                                   Level II
 financial liabilities                                                counterparties; or calculated based on the difference between the equity
                                                                      return of underlying equity securities and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                      agreements.



                                                                    Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted at a rate
Financial liabilities held for trading             Level II
                                                                      that reflects the credit risk of the debt instruments.



Financial liabilities designated at fair                            Calculated based on the fair value of the underlying investments which are debt
                                                   Level II




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
  value through profit or loss                                       securities and publicly traded equity investments in each portfolio.



Inventory at other current assets                  Level II         Futures exchange settlement price and spot market average price.




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                       429
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (ii) Valuation methods for Financial instruments in Level III



                                                                                                             Significant Unobservable          Relationship of unobservable
          Financial assets and liabilities        Fair value hierarchy       Valuation technique(s)                          input(s)                  input(s) to fair value



                                                                                                                                          The higher the risk adjusted
          Other debt instruments and debt                                                                                                   discount rate, the lower the fair
                                                                         Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
           securities at fair value through             Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
                                                                           model                           and expected cash flow.
           profit or loss                                                                                                                   cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                            value.



                                                                                                         Indicators such as P/
                                                                                                                                          The higher the discount, the lower
                                                                         Market approach, with an          E and P/B multiples
          Unlisted equity securities at fair                                                                                                the fair value; the higher the
                                                        Level III         adjustment or discount           of comparable listed
           value through profit or loss                                                                                                     valuation multiples, the higher the
                                                                          for lack of marketability        companies, and liquidity
                                                                                                                                            fair value.
                                                                                                           discount rate.



                                                                                                                                          The higher the price volatility, the
                                                                                                         Indicators such as price
          Funds at fair value through profit or                          Black-Scholes option                                               higher the discount rate; the
                                                        Level III                                          volatility of comparable
            loss                                                           pricing model                                                    higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                                                                           funds, and discount rate.
                                                                                                                                            the fair value.



                                                                                                                                          The higher the risk adjusted
          Debt instruments at fair value                                                                                                    discount rate, the lower the fair
                                                                         Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
           through other comprehensive                  Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
                                                                           model                           and expected cash flow.
           income                                                                                                                           cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                            value.



                                                                                                         Indicators such as P/
                                                                                                                                            The higher the discount, the lower
          Equity instruments at fair value                               Market approach, with an          E and P/B multiples
                                                                                                                                            the fair value; the higher the
            through other comprehensive                 Level III         adjustment or discount           of comparable listed
                                                                                                                                            valuation multiples, the higher the
            income                                                        for lack of marketability        companies, and liquidity
                                                                                                                                            fair value.
                                                                                                           discount rate.



                                                                                                                                          The higher the risk adjusted
                                                                                                                                            discount rate, the lower the fair
          Unlisted investment in a joint                                 Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
                                                        Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
           venture                                                         model                           and expected cash flow.
                                                                                                                                            cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                            value.



                                                                         Black-Scholes option
                                                                                                                                          The higher the price volatility, the
          Derivative financial assets/                                     pricing model /Monte-         Price volatility of underlying
                                                        Level III                                                                           greater the impact on the fair
           derivative financial liabilities                                Carlo option pricing            assets.
                                                                                                                                            value.
                                                                           model



                                                                                                         Indicators such as P/
                                                                         Market approach, with an                                           The higher the discount, the lower
                                                                                                           E and P/B multiples
          Financial liabilities designated at                             adjustment or discount                                            the fair value; the higher the
                                                        Level III                                          of comparable listed
            fair value through profit or loss                             for lack of marketability of                                      valuation multiples, the higher the
                                                                                                           companies, and liquidity
                                                                          the underlying portfolios                                         fair value.
                                                                                                           discount rate.



                                                                         Black-Scholes option
                                                                                                                                          The higher the price volatility, the
          Financial liabilities designated at                              pricing model /Monte-         Price volatility of underlying
                                                        Level III                                                                           greater the impact on the fair
            fair value through profit or loss                              Carlo option pricing            assets.
                                                                                                                                            value.
                                                                           model




430
      (iii) Financial instruments in Level III

      The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurement in Level III of the fair value hierarchy:



                                                                                             Debt instruments       Equity instruments at
                                             Financial assets at                         at fair value through   fair value through other                                        Financial liabilities   Derivative
                                              fair value through                        other comprehensive               comprehensive            Derivative                  at fair value through      financial
                                                    profit or loss   Other investment                   income                    income     financial assets         Total             profit or loss    liabilities         Total



      As at 1 January 2025                             6,634,608              208,769                        -                    104,751           2,291,342     9,239,470               (8,800,154)     (1,831,744)   (10,631,898)

      Transfer in                                               20                  -                        -                          -                   -            20                          -              -              -

      Transfer out                                     (295,488)                    -                        -                          -                   -     (295,488)                          -              -              -

      Gains or losses for the year                         166,169             88,760                        -                          -          (1,576,319)   (1,321,390)                (310,994)    (4,800,016)      (5,111,010)

      Changes in fair value recognised
       in other comprehensive income                                                -                        -                      21,413            44,844         66,257                          -              -              -

      Additions                                           963,160                   -                        -                    166,315            475,880      1,605,355              (15,186,020)      (404,151)    (15,590,171)

      Sales                                           (1,144,598)                   -                        -                          -          (445,759)     (1,590,357)                         -       292,516        292,516

      Settlements                                        (22,442)                   -                        -                          -            484,776        462,334                16,096,932      2,252,597     18,349,529

      As at 31 December 2025                            6,301,429             297,529                        -                    292,479           1,274,764      8,166,201              (8,200,236)    (4,490,798)    (12,691,034)

      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for
        assets/liabilities held at the end
        of the reporting period                         (333,178)              88,760                        -                          -          (1,016,578)   (1,260,996)                 (65,941)    (2,828,135)    (2,894,076)




431
                                       Financial Report and                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Corporate Governance                                                                           About Us                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                                            and Strategies
432



                                                                                                Debt instruments        Equity instruments at
                                             Financial assets at                            at fair value through    fair value through other                                          Financial liabilities   Derivative
                                              fair value through                           other comprehensive                comprehensive             Derivative                   at fair value through      financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                    profit or loss    Other investment                     income                     income      financial assets         Total              profit or loss    liabilities          Total



      As at 1 January 2024                              18,010,586              380,612                   180,463                     105,657            5,709,048    24,386,366                (10,879,025)     (3,457,111)   (14,336,136)

      Transfer in                                          49,537                     -                         -                            -                   -        49,537                           -              -               -

      Transfer out                                     (7,307,070)                    -                         -                            -                   -    (7,307,070)                          -              -               -

      Gains or losses for the year                    (2,843,033)              (171,843)                   (1,524)                           -         (3,009,600)    (6,026,000)                    325,211     1,968,392       2,293,603

      Changes in fair value recognised
       in other comprehensive income                             -                    -                    10,420                       (1,106)                  -          9,314                          -      (136,318)       (136,318)

      Additions                                           676,939                     -                         -                         400               47,598       724,937                (16,786,700)        317,237    (16,469,463)

      Sales                                            (1,833,936)                    -                         -                            -            (67,722)     (1,901,658)                         -    (492,533)        (492,533)

      Settlements                                         (118,415)                   -                 (189,359)                       (200)            (387,982)     (695,956)                 18,540,360         (31,411)    18,508,949

      As at 31 December 2024                            6,634,608              208,769                          -                      104,751            2,291,342    9,239,470                 (8,800,154)    (1,831,744)    (10,631,898)

      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for
        assets/liabilities held at the end
        of the reporting period                        (1,604,416)             (171,844)                        -                            -          (3,418,295)   (5,194,555)                   296,442       1,641,673        1,938,115




      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group's investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB 20 thousand were transferred from Level I to Level III, as the fair
      values of these securities were determined using valuation techniques instead of quoted prices, due to delisting (For the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB49,537 thousand).

      For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group's investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB295 million were transferred from Level III to Level I, as the fair
      values of these securities were determined using quoted prices instead of valuation techniques, due to expiration of lock-up period (For the year ended 31 December 2024: 7,307 million).
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
63 Share-based payments


                                                            As at             Accrued              Decrease                    As at
                                           Note   1 January 2025          for the year           for the year      31 December 2025



Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of
                                           (a)            104,624                5,094                 (101,090)                8,628
  A Shares




                                                            As at             Accrued              Decrease                    As at


                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                           Note   1 January 2024          for the year           for the year      31 December 2024



Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                                           (a)            180,789               31,852                 (108,017)              104,624
  of A Shares
Share-based payments of an
  overseas subsidiary                                    1,388,553              69,352             (1,457,905)                      -

Total                                                    1,569,342              101,204            (1,565,922)                104,624




(a) Restricted share incentive scheme of A shares

                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
The Company carried out a Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares whereby the Company grant restricted A shares



                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
to the Incentive Participants in return for their services. On 29 March 2021, 45,640,000 restricted A Shares were granted to 813
incentive participants at the grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. As at 30 March 2021, the Company had in aggregate received
subscription proceeds of RMB413,940,800 from 810 incentive participants. On 30 March 2023, the Board and the Supervisory
Committee of the Company considered and approved that the total number of restricted shares that can be unlocked
is 14,222,943 shares at the end of the first locking period. On 12 April 2024, the Board and the Supervisory Committee of the
Company considered and approved that the total number of restricted shares that can be unlocked is 13,269,954 shares
at the end of the second locking period. On 29 April 2025, the Board and the Supervisory Committee of the Company
considered and approved that the total number of restricted shares that can be unlocked is 12,427,384 shares at the end of




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
the third locking period(Note 55). 20% of the total restricted shares granted (including stock dividends distributed in respect
of such shares) to incentive participants who are Directors and Senior Management of the Company shall remain locked
up until the expiration of their term of office. The unlocking of such shares shall be determined based on the performance
assessment for their term as Directors or Senior Management or the results of an economic responsibility audit.

Details of the scheme as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024 are set out below:



                                                                              Year ended 31 December

Number of shares                                                                2025                                            2024



Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                    13,723,650                                      27,793,201




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Granted during the year                                                              -                                              -

Exercised during the year                                                            -                                              -

Forfeited during the year                                                   (236,266)                                       (799,597)




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Unlocked during the year                                                  (12,427,384)                                    (13,269,954)

Outstanding at the end of the year                                           1,060,000                                      13,723,650



Exercisable at the end of the year                                           1,060,000                                      13,723,650




                                                                                                                                         433
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2025, cumulative amount of RMB 8.63 million were recognised in the capital reserve and non-controlling
          interests of the Group (as at 31 December 2024: RMB104.62 million). The total expenses recognised for the year ended 31
          December 2025 were RMB 5.09 million(as at 31 December 2024: RMB31.85 million).

          For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company recognised share-based payment expense amounted to RMB0.93
          million, for the restricted shares granted to the Company's key management personnel (for the year ended 31 December
          2024: RMB4.88 million).

          The fair value of services received in return for restricted share Incentive scheme is measured by reference to the fair value
          of shares. The estimate of the fair value of restricted shares granted is measured based on the closing price of shares at
          grant date, which is RMB17.24 per share.



          64 Company-level statement of financial position


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                  Note                   2025                                       2024



          Non-current assets

          Property and equipment                                                     4,588,202                                   4,458,811

          Investment properties                                                        796,030                                    824,668

          Land-use rights and other intangible assets                                  819,765                                     853,119

          Investments in subsidiaries                                               24,729,595                                 24,728,426

          Interest in associates                                                    18,826,406                                  17,935,690

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                                        42,371,590                                  40,618,221

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                                901,036                                     199,610

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                                      31,242,672                                  2,317,359

          Equity instruments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                     14,555,771                                    39,759

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         377,519                                   518,602

          Refundable deposits                                                       15,606,046                                  8,022,200

          Deferred tax assets                                                         1,729,369                                   844,145

          Other non-current assets                                                     167,607                                      211,190

          Total non-current assets                                                  156,711,608                                 101,571,800

          Current assets

          Accounts receivable                                                         2,213,573                                 2,340,263

          Other receivables and prepayments                                         17,289,936                                  10,444,530

          Margin accounts receivable                                                182,870,172                                130,578,012

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                                           1,917,112                                6,938,958

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                              9,552,471                                  8,763,800

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                                      5,706,419                                   3,351,809

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                    243,784,837                                 205,061,120

          Derivative financial assets                                               10,979,956                                   7,017,269

          Clearing settlement funds                                                  11,675,253                                 13,700,234

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                                   175,314,119                                138,397,191

          Cash and bank balances                                                    28,187,509                                  16,697,767

                                                                                   689,491,357                                543,290,953

          Assets classified as held for sale                                                  -                                    104,570

          Total current assets                                                     689,491,357                                543,395,523

          Total assets                                                             846,202,965                                644,967,323




434
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                        Note                2025                            2024



Current liabilities

Short-term debt instruments issued                                     49,012,295                      28,852,939

Placements from other financial institutions                            37,134,967                       30,113,661

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                  171,736,460                     137,719,349

Employee benefits payable                                               2,357,896                       2,697,793

Other payables and accruals                                            86,429,382                      63,966,019

Current tax liabilities                                                   751,679                              158


                                                                                                                               About Us
Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                     128,555,538                       99,120,033

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss                                                                    16,468,861                      14,705,969

Derivative financial liabilities                                       12,838,487                        8,767,418

Long-term bonds due within one year                                    70,995,841                       31,474,933

Total current liabilities                                             576,281,406                      417,418,272

Net current assets                                                     113,209,951                     125,977,251

Total assets less current liabilities                                 269,921,559                      227,549,051




                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Non-current liabilities

Long-term bonds                                                        92,981,095                       61,356,697

Non-current employee benefits payable                                   5,429,658                        4,564,615




                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
loss                                                                      293,167                         334,954

Other payable and accruals                                                319,239                         406,470

Total non-current liabilities                                          99,023,159                      66,662,736

Net assets                                                            170,898,400                      160,886,315




                                                                             As at 31 December




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                        Note                2025                            2024



Equity

Share capital                                           55(b)           9,026,864                       9,027,302

Other equity instruments                                               33,300,000                      28,300,000

Treasury shares                                                            (7,102)                       (100,545)

Reserves                                                               100,180,407                      97,048,119

Retained profits                                                        28,398,231                      26,611,439

Total equity                                                          170,898,400                      160,886,315




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2026.




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
           Wang Huiqing                                                                   Wang Bing

Chairman of the Board,Director                                                              Director




                                                                                                                      435
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          65 Comparative figures

          Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.



          66 Events after the reporting date

          (a) Issuance of bonds

          From 31 December 2025 to the date of the consolidated financial statements approved and authorised for issue, the
          Company has issued 9 corporate bonds with a cumulative amount of RMB 39,000 million, bearing interest of 1.67% to 2.20%
          per annum. The Group's wholly-owned overseas subsidiary, Huatai International Financial Holdings Co., Ltd., through its
          subsidiary Huatai International Finance Limited, issued 43 series of medium-term notes with an aggregate size of RMB 1,670
          million, HKD 1,629 million and USD 1,629 million. Additionally, Pioneer Reward Limited, an indirectly wholly-owned overseas
          subsidiary of the Group, issued 2 series of medium-term notes with an aggregate size of RMB 2,100 million and HKD 3,100
          million.


          (b) Issuance of zero coupon convertible bonds

          On February 3, 2026 (before trading hours), the Company, pursuant to a general mandate, entered into a subscription
          agreement for H-share convertible bonds (the "Subscription Agreement") with the managers. The Company proposes to
          issue convertible bonds with an aggregate principal amount of HKD10,000 million, convertible into H-shares of the Company.
          The bonds will be offered to no less than six independent subscribers (who will be professional investors). The closing price
          of the Company's H-shares on the date of entering into the Subscription Agreement was HKD16.93 per share.

          The issuance of the H-share convertible bonds was completed on February 10, 2026, and the bonds have been listed on
          the Vienna MTF operated by the Vienna Stock Exchange. In accordance with the terms and conditions, the bonds are
          convertible into H-shares under certain circumstances at initial conversion price of HKD19.70 per H-share (subject to
          adjustment). Assuming full conversion of the bonds at the initial conversion price of HKD19.70 per H-share, the bonds will be
          convertible into approximately 507,614,213 H-shares. The total principal amount of the bonds is HKD10,000 million, and the
          net proceeds from the bond issuance (after deducting commissions and estimated expenses) amount to approximately
          HKD9,924.7 million. Based on the net proceeds and the total number of H-shares upon full conversion, the implied net price
          per H-share is approximately HKD19.55.

          The Company intends to use its proceeds from the issuance of the bonds for (i) supporting the Company's international
          business development, particularly its fixed income, currencies, and commodities sales and trading business, wealth
          management business and asset management business (approximately 90% of net proceeds of the bonds) and (ii)
          supplementing other working capital by primarily allocating to bank deposits and other highly liquid assets to ensure
          liquidity and financial stability (approximately 10% of net proceeds of the bonds). As of the date of the consolidated financial
          statements approved and authorised for issue, the Company is completing the relevant procedures required by regulatory
          authorities regarding the use of the raised funds. It is expected that the entire net proceeds from the bond issuance will be
          fully utilized by June 30, 2027.


          (c) Profit distribution plan after accounting periods

          In March 2026, based on the Company's total share capital of 9,026,863,786 shares as at the end of the reporting period,
          the Board proposed a cash dividend distribution of RMB 0.40 per share (tax inclusive), amounting to a total cash dividend
          of RMB 3,611 million (tax inclusive). During 2025, the Company had already implemented an interim profit distribution,
          distributing a cash dividend of RMB 0.15 per share (tax inclusive), totaling RMB 1,354 million (tax inclusive). The total cash
          dividends distributed by the Company for the year (including the interim dividends already allocated) amount to RMB 4,965
          million (tax inclusive), equivalent to a combined cash dividend of RMB 0.55 per share (tax inclusive), representing 30.30% of
          the consolidated net profit attributable to the Company's shareholders in 2025. The proposal is pending for the approval of
          the general meeting of the shareholders. The cash dividends are not recognised as a liability as at 31 December 2025.


          (d) Disposal of an associate

          In February 2026, the Company completed the disposal of its 32% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd.
          and no longer holds any equity in the entity.




436
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025

INDEX OF DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION

                                      Financial statements carrying the signature and seal of the Company’s legal
                                      representative person in charge of accounting and head of accounting department

                                      Audit report carrying the seal of the accounting firm and the signature and seal of
       Index of Documents
                                      the certified public accountant
           for Inspection
                                      Original copies of all documents and announcements of the Company publicly

                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                      disclosed during the Reporting Period

                                      Articles of Association



                                                                                         Chairman of the Board: Wang Huiqing

                                                   Date of Submission as Approved by the Board of Directors: March 30, 2026




INFORMATION DISCLOSURE OF SECURITIES COMPANIES                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies

 I.MAJOR ADMINISTRATIVE APPROVALS OF THE COMPANY

1. Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Science and Technology Innovation Corporate Bonds to Professional
Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2025] No. 1185) dated June 6, 2025.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
2. Affirmative Decision of Administration License (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2025] No. 77) dated June 20, 2025.

3. Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
(Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2025] No. 1342) dated June 26, 2025.

4. Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2025] No. 2513) dated November 13, 2025.




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                  437
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          APPENDIX

           I.MAIN BUSINESS QUALIFICATIONS

          The Company was entitled to become the members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
          Beijing Stock Exchange, and Securities Association of China, to engage in the clearing of warrants of China Securities
          Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and to participate in the clearing of China Securities Depository and Clearing
          Corporation Limited. Besides, the Company also has the following main business qualifications:



           No.                                        Type of License                                            Approval Department                    Years



            1     National interbank market access qualification                                                          PBOC                       January 2000

            2     Qualification for online entrusted securities brokerage business                                        CSRC                         May 2001

            3     Qualification for distributing open-end securities investment funds                                     CSRC                      February 2003

            4     Qualification for entrusted investment management business                                              CSRC                       March 2003

            5     Pilot securities firm for relevant innovative activities                                   Securities Association of China         March 2005

            6     Qualification for underwriting short-term financing bills                                               PBOC                       August 2005
                                                                                                             State Administration of Foreign
            7     License for foreign exchange operation in the securities business                                                                 November 2006
                                                                                                                      Exchange
            8     Foreign exchange registration certificate for overseas investment                         Jiangsu Provincial Bureau of SAFE       December 2006

            9     Qualification for agency business of stock transfer                                        Securities Association of China          June 2007
                  Qualification of tier-1 dealer on the integrated e-platform for fixed income
           10                                                                                                   Shanghai Stock Exchange              August 2007
                  securities
                  Qualified domestic institutional investor (QDII) qualification for overseas
            11                                                                                                            CSRC                      December 2007
                  securities investment management business
                  Qualification to provide intermediary introduction business for Great Wall Weiye
            12                                                                                                            CSRC                        April 2008
                  Futures Co., Ltd.
            13    Qualified investor qualification in block trade system                                        Shanghai Stock Exchange               June 2008
                  Qualification to incorporate wholly-owned specialized subsidiaries to engage in
           14                                                                                                             CSRC                         July 2008
                  direct investment business
           15     Obtain a stock index futures trading code and a hedging limit                             China Financial Futures Exchange          June 2010

           16     Pilot program of securities margin trading                                                              CSRC                        June 2010
                  Qualification of the dealer for credit risk mitigation tools and creator for credit    National Association of Financial Market
            17                                                                                                                                      December 2010
                  risk mitigation certificates                                                                    Institutional Investors
                  Change the securities brokerage business (the business in Jiangsu, Shanghai,
                  Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei,
                  Henan, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Xinjiang, Qinghai only)
                  within the original business scope to securities brokerage business, change
           18     the securities underwriting and sponsorship business (the relevant business                             CSRC                        August 2011
                  on the Shanghai Stock Exchange only) to securities underwriting business (the
                  underwriting of government bonds, debt financing instruments of non-financial
                  enterprises only), and reduce the financial advisory business relating to securities
                  trading and securities investment activities
                                                                                                               China Insurance Regulatory
           19     Provide trading seats to insurance institutional investors                                                                         January 2012
                                                                                                                      Commission
           20     Pilot program of bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                     CSRC                       January 2012

            21    Bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                            Shanghai Stock Exchange              February 2012

           22     CSI 300ETF liquidity service provider                                                         Shanghai Stock Exchange                May 2012

           23     Innovative brokerage deposit business                                                                   CSRC                        June 2012
                  Participate in interest rate swap trading by using the Company’s proprietary
           24                                                                                             Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       August 2012
                  funds
                                                                                                          China Securities Finance Corporation
           25     Pilot program of margin refinancing                                                                                                August 2012
                                                                                                                         Limited
           26     Pilot program of agreed repurchase type securities trading                                              CSRC                      September 2012
                  Lead underwriting business for non-financial enterprises debt financing                National Association of Financial Market
           27                                                                                                                                       November 2012
                  instruments in the interbank market                                                             Institutional Investors
                  Qualification and transaction code for conducting arbitrage and speculative
           28                                                                                               China Financial Futures Exchange        December 2012
                  trading of CSI 300 index-futures
           29     Agency sale of financial products                                                       Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       January 2013

           30     Qualification for the agreed repurchase type securities trading business                     Shenzhen Stock Exchange               January 2013




438
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
No.                                     Type of License                                            Approval Department                   Years



      Pilot comprehensive custody business for private funds, which can provide
      comprehensive custody services, such as asset custody, settlement,                   Institutional Supervision Department of
31                                                                                                                                    February 2013
      computation of net value, investment control, custody report and etc., for private                   the CSRC
      securities investment funds (limited partnership)
                                                                                            China Securities Finance Corporation
32    Qualification of margin refinancing business                                                                                    February 2013
                                                                                                           Limited
                                                                                                China Insurance Regulatory
33    Insurance fund investment manager                                                                                                March 2013
                                                                                                       Commission
      Operate recommendation and brokerage business on the National Equities                   National Equities Exchange and
34                                                                                                                                     March 2013
      Exchange and Quotations as the lead securities firm                                       Quotations Company Limited
      Qualification to submit filing materials for witnessing the opening of customers’       China Securities Depository and
35                                                                                                                                      April 2013


                                                                                                                                                               About Us
      securities accounts                                                                      Clearing Corporation Limited
      Qualification of financial bonds (including policy finance bonds) underwriting
36                                                                                          Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       June 2013
      business
      Conducting stock pledge-style repo transaction business for securities listed on     Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen
37                                                                                                                                     June 2013
      the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange                                          Stock Exchange
38    Treasury bonds futures business                                                       Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau     September 2013
      Qualification to conduct treasury bonds futures arbitrage and hedging                  CSRC and China Financial Futures
39                                                                                                                                   September 2013
      businesses                                                                                       Exchange
40    Qualification to conduct asset management share transfer business                          Shenzhen Stock Exchange             September 2013

41    Qualification to carry out equity return swaps business                                  Securities Association of China       September 2013

42    Qualification to conduct pre-issuance of treasury bonds                                    Shanghai Stock Exchange              October 2013




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
43    Pass the on-site inspection on stock options                                               Shanghai Stock Exchange               June 2014
      Operate market-making business on the National Equities Exchange and
                                                                                               National Equities Exchange and
44    Quotations as a market maker, namely market-making qualification on the                                                           July 2014




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                                                Quotations Company Limited
      National Equities Exchange and Quotations
45    Trial market maker on the interbank market                                             National Inter-Bank Funding Center         July 2014

46    Pilot program of financing by exercising the share incentive scheme business               Shenzhen Stock Exchange              August 2014
      Qualification of capital payment services for clients that could provide various
                                                                                           Securities Fund Supervision Department
47    payment services for investors such as deposits collection, mobile recharging,                                                  August 2014
                                                                                                         of the CSRC
      online store consumption, sales return, water fee and credit card payment
48    Qualification of custodian for securities investment funds                                           CSRC                      September 2014

49    Qualification for pilot operations of Internet-based securities business                 Securities Association of China       September 2014

50    OTC qualification                                                                        Securities Association of China       September 2014




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
51    Qualification to conduct Southbound trading under A Shares trading seats                   Shanghai Stock Exchange              October 2014

52    Pilot program on the OTC market                                                          Securities Association of China        October 2014
      Pilot program of restricted securities lending under share incentive schemes of
53                                                                                                    December 2014
      listed companies Shenzhen Stock Exchange
      Qualification of practicing on an authentic basis and brokerage business for
54                                                                                               Shenzhen Stock Exchange             December 2014
      stock option businesses
      Qualification for stock option trading participant, stock option brokerage and
55                                                                                               Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2015
      proprietary business trading
56    Qualification for stock options market making business                                               CSRC                       January 2015

57    Main market maker of SSE 50ETF option contracts                                            Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2015
      Qualification of standard interest rate swap and forward centralized settlement
58                                                                                               Shanghai Clearing House                April 2015
      of standard bonds
59    Qualification of participating in the net settlement of bond trade                         Shanghai Clearing House                April 2015




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
      Provide private equity with valuation and calculation service, share registration
                                                                                             Asset Management Association of
60    service, sales backstage service support and other outsourcing services, as well                                                  April 2015
                                                                                                         China
      as other value-added services derived from the above services
      Qualification of pilot innovative business for one-way video verification of            China Securities Depository and
61                                                                                                                                     June 2015
      investors’ identities                                                                    Clearing Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
      Permission to conduct Southbound trading under Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock
62                                                                                               Shenzhen Stock Exchange             November 2016
      connect
      Agency qualification for subscription, purchasing and redeeming of gold ETF in
63                                                                                                Shanghai Gold Exchange               June 2017
      spot
64    Pilot program of cross-border business                                                               CSRC                      December 2017

65    Qualification of tier-1 dealer on OTC options                                                        CSRC                         July 2018

66    Carry out credit derivatives business                                                                CSRC                      December 2018

67    Qualification of main market maker of funds listed on the SSE                              Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2019

68    Conducting credit protection contract business                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange              February 2019

69    Conducting market making business of treasury bond futures                                           CSRC                         May 2019
                                                                                               State Administration of Foreign
70    Pilot Program of Foreign Exchange Settlement and Sales Business                                                                 August 2019
                                                                                                        Exchange
71    Conducting credit protection certificate business                                          Shanghai Stock Exchange             December 2019




                                                                                                                                                      439
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.                                    Type of License                                             Approval Department                 Years



           72    Conducting market making business of commodity options                                               CSRC                    December 2019

           73    Conducting market making business of stock index options                                             CSRC                    December 2019

           74    Conducting pilot fund investment advisory business                                                   CSRC                    February 2020
                                                                                                          State Administration of Foreign
           75    Conducting agency for trading of foreign exchange Business                                                                      July 2020
                                                                                                                   Exchange
           76    Conducting market making business of commodity futures                                               CSRC                     January 2021

           77    Conducting pilot business of account management function optimization                                CSRC                    November 2021

           78    Engaging in “Southbound Trading” business                                                            PBOC                    December 2021

           79    Qualification for tier-1 dealer on commodity swap business                                Shanghai Futures Exchange             July 2022

           80    Qualification for market making and trading business of listed securities                            CSRC                    September 2022

            81   Proprietary participation in carbon emissions trading                                                CSRC                     January 2023
                 Participation in Securities, Funds and Insurance Companies Swap Facility (SFISF)
           82                                                                                                         CSRC                     October 2024
                 business
                                                                                                         The PBOC Guangdong Branch,
                 Pilot participation in the “Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect”               Shenzhen Branch, the CSRC Guangdong
           83                                                                                                                                 November 2024
                 business                                                                            Regulatory Bureau, Shenzhen Regulatory
                                                                                                                     Bureau
                                          In 2025, the individual business qualifications obtained by the Company mainly include

            1    “Northbound Swap Connect” Quotation Qualification                                    China Foreign Exchange Trade System      October 2025

            2    RMB interest rate swap centralized clearing agency business qualification                   Shanghai Clearing House          December 2025




440
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 II.LIST OF BRANCH OFFICES AND SECURITIES BRANCHES


1.Establishment of Securities Branch Offices of the Company

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the basic information of the establishment of securities branch offices of the
Company is as follows:


                                                                                                        Unit : Ten Thousand Yuan    Currency : RMB

                                                           Registered


                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
                                                           capital (or
                                            Date of         working                  Person in        Contact
 No     Name            Address          establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                  6/F & 7/F, Block A,                                                                              underwriting of government
                  Feili Shidai Square                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
         Anhui    Commercial                                                                                       of non-financial enterprises
 1                                       August 25, 2014     10,000       230011       Li Jing     0551-64297088
        Branch    Complex, No. 310                                                                                 and financial bonds (including
                  Suixi Road, Luyang                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                  District, Hefei                                                                                  margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                   lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                   investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                   financial products.




                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                  Room 1501, 15/F,                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
        Beijing   Block 28, Fengsheng                                                                              of non-financial enterprises
 2                                        May 28, 2010        500        100032     Wang Yujie      010-63211388
        Branch    Hutong, Xicheng                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                  District, Beijing                                                                                policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                   investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                   financial products.




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                                                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                  2/F, No. 9, Heping
      Changzhou                                                                       Liang                        of non-financial enterprises
 3                North Road, Tianning    April 16, 2014     2,000       213003                    0519-86618298
        Branch                                                                       Qiuming                       and financial bonds (including
                  District, Changzhou
                                                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                   investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                   financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                   sale of securities investment




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
                                                                                                                   funds; margin financing and
                                                                                                                   securities lending business;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products;
                  Units 10D, 10C Block
                                                                                                                   securities underwriting (limited
                  A, Tefang Portman
                                                                                                                   to ancillary works such as




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
         Fujian   Wealth Center, No.     September 18,
 4                                                           2,000       361004     Ren Qiaojian   0592-5918981    project contracting, project
        Branch    81 Zhanhong Road,          2014
                                                                                                                   information transmission and
                  Siming District,
                                                                                                                   recommendation and customer
                  Xiamen
                                                                                                                   relationship maintenance of
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                                                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                   of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                   financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                   bank bonds) only).




                                                                                                                                                        441
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                           Registered
                                                                           capital (or
                                                            Date of         working                  Person in      Contact
           No      Name               Address            establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                               Units 02 & 03, 36/F,                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                Guangdong      No. 10 Huaxia Road,                                                                                of non-financial enterprises
           5                                              May 19, 2012        500        510620      Liu Yong     020-88830128
                  Branch       Tianhe District,                                                                                   and financial bonds (including
                               Guangzhou                                                                                          policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                               No. 16, Nongye Road
                  Henan                                                                                                           of non-financial enterprises
           6                   East, Jinshui District,    April 16, 2014     2,000       450008      Fan Hao      0371-60958336
                  Branch                                                                                                          and financial bonds (including
                               Zhengzhou
                                                                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                               3/F, Block B, Aocheng
                                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                               International, No.
                                                                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
                Heilongjiang   239 Xuanhua Street,
           7                                              May 28, 2010        500         150001    Wang Haibin   0451-51994000   and financial bonds (including
                  Branch       Nangang District,
                                                                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                               Harbin, Heilongjiang
                                                                                                                                  financing and securities lending
                               Province
                                                                                                                                  business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products; management
                                                                                                                                  of local business departments.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting;
                                                                                                                                  securities underwriting (limited
                                                                                                                                  to ancillary works such as
                                                                                                                                  project contracting, project
                                                                                                                                  information transmission and
                               24/F, Unit 6, Building                                                                             recommendation and customer
                               6-7, Wuhan 1818                                                                                    relationship maintenance of
                               Center (Phase 2), No.                                                                              underwriting of government
                   Hubei
           8                   109 Zhongbei Road,        March 19, 2012       500        430070       Min Jie     027-87739318    bonds, debt financing instruments
                  Branch
                               Shuiguohu Street,                                                                                  of nonfinancial enterprises and
                               Wuchang District,                                                                                  financial bonds (including policy-
                               Wuhan                                                                                              bank bonds) only); margin
                                                                                                                                  financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                                  business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products; management
                                                                                                                                  of securities branches at Hubei of
                                                                                                                                  Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; agency
                               Rooms 1301-1305 &                                                                                  sale of securities investment
                               1313-1316, Buildings                                                                               funds; margin financing and
                               4 & 5, Huayuanhua                                                                                  securities lending business;
                               Center, No 36,                                                                                     agency sale of financial products;
                  Hunan
           9                   Section 2, Middle          May 27, 2014        500         410015     Deng Jing    0731-85120568   securities underwriting and
                  Branch
                               Xiangjiang Road,                                                                                   sponsoring (limited to ancillary
                               Tianxin District,                                                                                  works such as project contracting,
                               Changsha, Hunan                                                                                    project information transmission
                               Province                                                                                           and recommendation
                                                                                                                                  and customer relationship
                                                                                                                                  maintenance).




442
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                           Registered
                                                           capital (or
                                            Date of         working                 Person in      Contact
No    Name             Address           establishment      capital)     Zip code    charge        number                Business scope

                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                Shop -3#, No. 101, 1/                                                                           underwriting of government
                F, Podium Building,                                                                             bonds, debt financing instruments
                and Nos. 1603, 1604,                                                                            of non-financial enterprises
                1605, 1606, 1607, 16/                                                                           and financial bonds (including
      Jiangxi   F, Office Building,      November 3,                                 Zheng                      policy-bank bonds) only); margin
10                                                            500        330002                 0791-88288255
      Branch    Publishing Center,          2014                                    Chengbin                    financing and securities lending
                No. 95 Lijing Road,                                                                             business; agency sale of securities


                                                                                                                                                               About Us
                Honggutan District,                                                                             investment funds; intermediary
                Nanchang City,                                                                                  introduction business for the
                Jiangxi Province                                                                                futures companies; agency
                                                                                                                sale of financial products;
                                                                                                                management of securities
                                                                                                                branches at Jiangxi.

                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                investment consulting; margin
                                                                                                                financing and securities lending
                Units 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6                                                                          business; agency sale of securities
                and 7, 15/F, Block B,                                                                           investment funds; intermediary
                Enterprise Square,                                                                              introduction business for the



                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
     Liaoning   No. 125 Qingnian                                                                                futures companies; agency
11                                        June 3, 2011        500         110004    Chen Min     024-31881777
      Branch    Street, Shenhe                                                                                  sale of financial products;
                District, Shenyang                                                                              securities underwriting (limited




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                City, Liaoning                                                                                  to underwriting of government
                Province                                                                                        bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                underwriting of government
                No. 90 Zhongshan                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
      Nanjing   Road East, Qinhuai                                                    Wang                      of non-financial enterprises




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
12                                        April 9, 2010      2,000       210002                 025-84791077
      Branch    District, Nanjing,                                                  Yansheng                    and financial bonds (including
                Jiangsu Province                                                                                policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                underwriting of government
                Fangtian Building,                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
     Nantong    No. 6 Yaogang Road,                                                                             of non-financial enterprises
13                                        May 28, 2010        500        226000     Ruan Jing   0513-85529888
      Branch    Nantong, Jiangsu                                                                                and financial bonds (including
                Province                                                                                        policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                                                                                                lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                Rooms 2101, 2102,
                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                2103, 2104, Block A,
                                                                                                                underwriting of government
                Yinfeng Fortune
                                                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                Plaza, No. 1 West
     Shandong                                                                                                   of non-financial enterprises
14              Long’ao Road,             April 16, 2014     2,000       250061     Xie Feng    0531-55686555
      Branch                                                                                                    and financial bonds (including
                Longdong Street,
                                                                                                                policy-bank bonds) only);
                Lixia District, Jinan
                                                                                                                margin financing and securities
                City, Shandong
                                                                                                                lending business; agency sale
                Province
                                                                                                                of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                      443
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                       Registered
                                                                       capital (or
                                                         Date of        working                  Person in        Contact
           No    Name             Address             establishment     capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           Room 2201, No. 18                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                Shanghai   Dongfang Road,                                                           Lu                         of non-financial enterprises
           15                                          May 28, 2010       500        200120                    021-28972296
                 Branch    China (Shanghai)                                                     Chunguang                      and financial bonds (including
                           Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                           8A, Fund Mansion,
                                                                                                                               contracting); securities
                           No. 5999, Yitian
                Shenzhen                                                                                                       investment consulting; margin
           16              Road, Lianhua              March 19, 2012      500        518048     Fei Yangwen    0755-23895899
                 Branch                                                                                                        financing and securities lending
                           Street, Futian District,
                                                                                                                               business; agency sale of securities
                           Shenzhen
                                                                                                                               investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                               financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                           Units 1B, 2, 3, and 4,                                                                              investment consulting; securities
                           10/F, Building 7, NIC                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                           National Innovation                                                                                 underwriting of government
                           Center, No. 1777,                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                Sichuan    North Section of                                                                                    of non-financial enterprises
           17                                          May 19, 2012       500         610091       Li Hui      028-81255398
                Branch     Tianfu Avenue,                                                                                      and financial bonds (including
                           Chengdu High-                                                                                       policy-bank bonds) only);
                           tech Zone, China                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                           (Sichuan) Pilot Free                                                                                lending business; agency sale
                           Trade Zone                                                                                          of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           4/F & 5/F, No.                                                                                      bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Suzhou    102 Xinshi Road,                                                                                    of non-financial enterprises
           18                                          May 28, 2010       500        215000     Liu Xiaobing   0512-67579666
                 Branch    Canglang District,                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                           Suzhou                                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           No. 22, Yingchun                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Taizhou   Road West, Hailing                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
           19                                         August 4, 2014     2,000       225300       Pan Xi       0523-86234237
                 Branch    District, Taizhou,                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                           Jiangsu Province                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           Block C-I, 5/F, North                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Tianjin   Finance Building, No.                                                                               of non-financial enterprises
           20                                          May 28, 2010       500         300211    Zhang Feng     022-59657718
                 Branch    5 Youyi Avenue, Hexi                                                                                and financial bonds (including
                           District, Tianjin                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.




444
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                               Registered
                                                               capital (or
                                                Date of         working                 Person in     Contact
No     Name              Address             establishment      capital)     Zip code    charge       number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                                                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
                   No. 325, Jiefang
                                                                                                                    of non-financial enterprises
21   Wuxi Branch   Road West, Wuxi,           June 11, 2014      2,000       214000     Geng Kun    0510-82723020
                                                                                                                    and financial bonds (including
                   Jiangsu Province
                                                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale



                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; agency
                   Room 21401, Unit 2,                                                                              sale of securities investment
                   Building 2, CROSS                                                                                funds; margin financing and
                   Wanxianghui, No.                                                                                 securities lending; agency
     Northwest     21 Gaoxin Six Road,                                                                              sale of financial products;
22                                           August 5, 2019        –         710000     Liu Ming     029-88811161
      Branch       Zhangba Subdistrict                                                                              securities underwriting (limited
                   Office, High-Tech                                                                                to underwriting of government
                   Zone, Xi’an, Shaanxi                                                                             bonds, debt financing instruments
                   Province                                                                                         of non-financial enterprises and




                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                    financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                    financial bonds) only).

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities



                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
                   1-1601, Building 6                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                   (previously 9), Area                                                                             underwriting of government
                   3, Financial Service                                                                             bonds, debt financing instruments
       Xuzhou      Center, Huaihai                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
23                                            April 16, 2014     2,000        221001     Li Yijun   0516-85695618
       Branch      Economic Zone,                                                                                   and financial bonds (including
                   No. 1 Qinjun Road,                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                   Yunlong District,                                                                                margin financing and securities
                   Xuzhou City                                                                                      lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                   Room 201, Building                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
     Yancheng      6, Financial City, No.                                                Dong                       of non-financial enterprises
24                                           March 24, 2014      2,000       224002                 0515-88216888
      Branch       5 Century Avenue,                                                    Kaisong                     and financial bonds (including
                   Yancheng City                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                   2015, 2016, 2017,                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                   2113, 2114, 2115, 2116,                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                   2117, 2118, 2201, 2202,                                                                          underwriting of government




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                   2219, 2220, 2221,                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
      Yangzhou     2222, 2223, 2224,                                                                                of non-financial enterprises
25                                           August 4, 2014      2,000       225001     Ji Chunbo   0514-82196688
       Branch      Block 6, Changjian                                                                               and financial bonds (including
                   Square, No.276                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                   Jinghuacheng Road,                                                                               margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                   Hanjiang District,                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                   Yangzhou City                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                         445
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                  Registered
                                                                  capital (or
                                                    Date of        working                 Person in      Contact
           No    Name            Address         establishment     capital)     Zip code    charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                        Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                        investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                        sale of securities investment
                           2505B-2508, 25/F,
                                                                                                                        funds; margin financing and
                           China Merchants
                                                                                                                        securities lending business;
                           Bank Tower, No. 1
                 Yunnan                           February 25,                                                          agency sale of financial products;
           26              Chongren Street,                          500        650021     He Sijiang   0871-65951990
                 Branch                              2014                                                               securities underwriting (limited
                           Wuhua District,
                                                                                                                        to underwriting of government
                           Kunming, Yunnan
                                                                                                                        bonds, debt financing instruments
                           Province
                                                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                        financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                        bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                        Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                        investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                        sale of securities investment
                           Rooms 2801-2808,
                                                                                                                        funds; margin financing and
                           Xingguangcheng,
                                                                                                                        securities lending business;
                           No.1766 Binsheng
                Zhejiang                                                                                                agency sale of financial products;
           27              Road, Changhe         March 25, 2013      500        310052      Li Xiang    0571-86698700
                 Branch                                                                                                 securities underwriting (limited
                           Street, Binjiang
                                                                                                                        to underwriting of government
                           District, Hangzhou,
                                                                                                                        bonds, debt financing instruments
                           Zhejiang Province
                                                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                        financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                        bank bonds) only).




446
                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2.Number and Distribution of Securities Branches of the Company

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the number and distribution of securities branches of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                                                 Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                   of securities      of person in
No。    Province      City                 Name                               Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                               1/F, Building 5, Commercial
                                                               Building of Yiyuan Shijia, No. 888
                              Securities Branch in Xiyou
  1                                                            Xiyou Road, Bijiashan Street,          230022        Hu Longqi       0551-65175008
                              Road, Hefei
                                                               Shushan District, Hefei City, Anhui


                                                                                                                                                              About Us
                     Hefei                                     Province
                                                               4F, Block C, Chuangxin
                              Securities Branch in             Department, No. 2760,
  2                                                                                                   230088       Fan Huijuan      0551-62686969
                              Chuangxin Road, Hefei            Chuangxin Road, High-tech
                                                               District, Hefei City, Anhui Province
                              Securities Branch in Hudong      No. 1046, Hudong Middle Road,
  3     Anhui     Ma’anshan                                                                           243000     Gao Guosheng        0555-2963619
                              Middle Road, Ma’anshan           Huashan District, Ma’anshan City
                                                               Nos. 1112 & 1114, Commercial
                              Securities Branch in Fengle      Block S3, No. 1118 Fengle Avenue
 4                 Chuzhou                                                                            239001        Lu Rudong        0550-3019976
                              Avenue, Chuzhou                  (Yutianxia South Garden),
                                                               Chuzhou City, Anhui Province




                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                               Shop 142, 1/F, No. 203A, 2/F, Huijin
                                                               Building, Tongling Trade Building,
                              Securities Branch in Huaihe
 5                 Tongling                                    Middle Section of Huaihe               244000         Hu Jing         0562-2801988
                              Avenue, Tongling
                                                               Avenue, Tongguan District,



                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                                                               Tongling City, Anhui Province
                              Securities Branch in             Units 101 (inside 102), 201, 1-2/F,
 6                            Dongsanhuan North Road,          Building 27, Dongsanhuan North         100062         Liu Lizhi       010-59725337
                              Beijing                          Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                                               Rooms 901, 902, 903, 911, 912, 9/
                              Securities Branch in Suzhou
  7                                                            F, Weiya Building, No. 29 Suzhou       100080       Feng Chao         010-62523799
                              Street, Beijing
                                                               Street, Haidian District, Beijing
                              Securities Branch in
                                                               403, 404, 405, 4/F, No. 87
                              International Finance and
 8                                                             Xisanhuan North Road, Haidian          100048         Wei Na          010-68733735
                              Economy Center, Xisanhuan,
                                                               District, Beijing




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                              Beijing
                                                               Room 501, 502, 512, 515, 516, 5/F,
                                                               Block II, Room 116, 1/F, & Room 216,
                              Securities Branch in Yonghe
 9                                                             2/F, Block I, No. 28 Andingmen          100017        Li Shuai        010-84273989
                              Temple, Beijing
                                                               East Street, Dongcheng District,
                                                               Beijing

        Beijing     Beijing                                    3/F Wanfeng Yihe Business Club,
                              Securities Branch in Yuetan
 10                                                            No. 12A Yuetan South Street,           100045      Zhang Zhiqun       010-68058688
                              South Street, Beijing
                                                               Xicheng District, Beijing
                                                               Room 107, 1/F, Room 309, 3/F, No.
                              Securities Branch in Xueyuan
  11                                                           62 Xueyuan South Road, Haidian          100081      Li Minghuan       010-82263313
                              South Road, Beijing
                                                               District, Beijing
                                                               No. D1003, 10/F (inside 101), 1/F,
                              Securities Branch in             Building 1, No. 1 Yard, Tianchen
 12                                                                                                    100081     Chen Haojun        18936880087
                              Tianchen East Road, Beijing      East Road, Chaoyang District,




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
                                                               Beijing
                                                               Unit 02, inside 501, 5/F, No. 77,
                              Securities Branch in Jianguo
 13                                                            Jianguo Road, Chaoyang                  100081       Zhao Zhe         010-65055695
                              Road, Beijing
                                                               District, Beijing
                                                               Unit 105, 1/F, Building 1, No. 161




                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
                              Beijing Lize Business District   Jinze Road, Fengtai District,
 14                                                                                                    100071     Wang Xiaodan       010-80301899
                              Securities Branch                Beijing (floors -4 to 43); Unit 03
                                                               on the 26th floor.
                                                               No. 87, Huanghe Street, Xitu
                              Securities Branch in
 15                                                            Hightech Zone, Baotou City, Inner      014040      Cao Mingdong       0472-4136027
                              Huanghe Street, Baotou
                                                               Mongolia Autonomous Region
                    Baotou                                     2/F, No. 15 Gangtie Street,
                              Securities Branch in Gangtie     Qingshan District, Baotou City,
 16                                                                                                    014010       Ma Xiaoju        0472-6867886
                              Street, Baotou                   Inner Mongolia Autonomous
        Inner
                                                               Region
       Mongolia
                                                               No. 1, 1-2/F, Orient Restaurant,
                                                               West Area of Tuanjie Community,
                              Securities Branch in Xinhua      Xinhua East Street, Yingxin Road,
 17                 Hohhot                                                                             010010       Shi Saihua       0471-3251992
                              East Street, Hohhot              Xincheng District, Hohhot City,
                                                               Inner Mongolia Autonomous
                                                               Region




                                                                                                                                                     447
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                            Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                              of securities      of person in
          No。    Province       City                  Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                           Unit 0-103A, Commercial Podium
                                                                           of Office Building (1/F), Zhongjiao
                                           Securities Branch in Ziqiang
           18     Hebei     Shijiazhuang                                   Fortune Center T1/T2, No. 118         050051       Han Jiancai       0311-66788203
                                           Road, Shijiazhuang
                                                                           Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District,
                                                                           Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province
                                                                           19/F, Block 3, Zhengxiang Center,
                                           Securities Branch in North
           19                 Fuzhou                                       No. 153 North Wuyi Road, Shuibu       350009         Wu Yao         0591-88037877
                                           Wuyi Road, Fuzhou
                                                                           Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou City
                                                                           Units 705-707, Building 1,
                                           Securities Branch in Jinhuai    Zhongjun Square, No. 16 Jinhuai
           20                Quanzhou                                                                            362000       Liu Huafeng       0595-22187188
                                           Street, Quanzhou                Street, Fengze District, Quanzhou,
                                                                           Fujian Province
                  Fujian                                                   Rooms 201 & 202, Unit One, Block
                                           Securities Branch in Xiahe      B, Haiyi Building, No. 668 Xiahe
           21                 Xiamen                                                                             361004       Lv Yuexiang       0592-2997398
                                           Road, Xiamen                    Road, Siming District, Xiamen
                                                                           City
                                                                           Room 101, Room 403, Room 404,
                                           Securities Branch in Shuixian   Building B, No. 88 Shuixian Street,
           22               Zhangzhou                                                                            363000      Jiang Yongjun     0596-2900350
                                           Avenue, Zhangzhou               Longwen District, Zhangzhou
                                                                           City, Fujian Province
                                                                           Units 1203-1206, 12/F, Huaya
                                                                           Financial Center, No. 8 Denghu
                                           Securities Branch in Denghu
           23                 Foshan                                       East Road, Guicheng Street,           528200        Yang Siyu       0757-29808978
                                           East Road, Foshan
                                                                           Nanhai District, Foshan City
                                                                           (subject to domicile declaration)
                                                                           17/F (self-edited rooms 05,
                                           Securities Branch in Zhujiang   06 and 07), No. 15 Zhujiang
           24                                                                                                    510000        Wu Shiyan        020-37279969
                                           West Avenue, Guangzhou          West Avenue, Tianhe District,
                                                                           Guangzhou City
                                                                           Rooms 2304, 2305, 2306 and
                                           Securities Branch in Pazhou
           25                                                              2307, No. 109 Pazhou Avenue,          510440         Lin Hao         020-89286707
                                           Avenue, Guangzhou
                                                                           Haizhu District, Guangzhou City
                                           Securities Branch in Middle     Rooms 3205 and 3206, No. 307
           26                              Guangzhou Avenue,               Middle Guangzhou Avenue,              510220      Shi Hongyang       020-37634314
                                           Guangzhou                       Yuexiu District, Guangzhou City
                                                                           04, 05, 06, 25/F, No. 13 Qiaoguang
                                           Securities Branch in Haizhu
           27                                                              West Road, Yuexiu District,           510060         Tang Jia        020-83846159
                            Guangzhou      Plaza, Guangzhou
                                                                           Guangzhou City
                                                                           Rooms 2703-2706, No. 222-3,
                                           Securities Branch in Xingmin
           28                                                              Xingmin Road, Tianhe District,        510620      Zhu Daoming        020-39213388
                                           Road, Guangzhou
                                                                           Guangzhou
                                                                           Units 03-1, 05, 06 and 07, 36/F,
                                                                           Yuehai Tianhecheng Building
                                           Securities Branch in
           29                                                              (namely, Tianhecheng East             510620          Liu Li         020-83846159
                                           Tianhecheng, Guangzhou
                                                                           Tower), No. 208 Tianhe Road,
                Guangdong                                                  Tianhe District, Guangzhou City
                                           Securities Branch in            Units 201, 202, 203, 204, 205, No.
           30                              Yuncheng East Road,             561 Yuncheng East Road, Baiyun        510420       Luo Fanglin       020-86273767
                                           Guangzhou                       District, Guangzhou City
                                                                           Room 3303, Building 2,
                                           Securities Branch in            International Trade Center, No. 1
           31               Dongguan       Dongguan International          Hongfu East Road, Dongcheng           523000       Zheng Kaina      0769-22827993
                                           Trade Center                    Street, Dongguan City,
                                                                           Guangdong Province
                                                                           No. 2 of Unit 01, 1/F, Block 3,
                                           Securities Branch in
                                                                           Zima Benteng Square, No. 2
           32               Zhongshan      Zhongshan Fifth Road,                                                 528403        Liang Xue       0760-89823328
                                                                           Zhongshan Fifth Road, Eastern
                                           Zhongshan
                                                                           District, Zhongshan City
                                                                           Rooms 103 and 202, North Tower,
                                                                           China Resources Building,
                                           Securities Branch in
           33                 Shantou                                      No. 95 Changping Road,                 515041        Chen Yu        0754-89898179
                                           Changping Road, Shantou
                                                                           Longhu District, Shantou City,
                                                                           Guangdong Province
                                                                           Rooms 101, 102, 201, 202, 301
                                                                           and 402, Building B7, Qianhai
                                                                           Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund
                                           Securities Branch in Qianhai,   Town, No. 128 Guiwan Fifth
           34                Shenzhen                                                                             518031      Cheng Tao        0755-25889919
                                           Shenzhen                        Road, Nanshan Sub-district,
                                                                           Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                                                                           Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen
                                                                           City




448
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                               Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                 of securities      of person in
No。    Province     City                Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                             1/F & 2/F, Block 3, Fuyuan Building,
                             Securities Branch in Caitian
35                                                           No. 2014-9 Caitian Road, Futian        518026       Ma Jianmin       0755-82993655
                             Road, Shenzhen
                                                             District, Shenzhen City
                                                             Rooms L1805 & L1806, China
                             Securities Branch in China      Resources Building, No. 2666
36                           Resources Building, Keyuan      Keyuan South Road, Haizhu              518059       Li Xiaoshan      0755-86270363
                             South Road, Shenzhen            Community, Yuehai Sub-district,
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen
                                                             101S & 102S, Block 2, Vanke Times



                                                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                             Square, Shangjing Community,
                             Securities Branch in            Longcheng Subdistrict,
37                                                                                                   518172        Ye Qing        0755-85205902
                             Longgang Avenue, Shenzhen       Longgang District, Shenzhen City
                                                             (at the junction of Longgang
                                                             Avenue and Longcheng Avenue)
                                                             33/F, East Tower, Baidu
                             Securities Branch in Baidu
                                                             International Building, Xuefu
38                           International Building,                                                518040        Gao Jian        0755-82531008
                                                             Road East, Yuehai Street,
                             Keyuan Road, Shenzhen
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen City
                                                             Room 2501A, Block B, Phase I
                                                             Donghai International Center,
                             Securities Branch in Shennan    No. 7888 Shennan Road,
39                                                                                                  518040     Cao Mengming       0755-82719339




                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                             Avenue, Shenzhen                Donghai Community, Xiangmihu
                                                             Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                             City
                                                             Rooms 2904, 2905 and 2906,



                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                             Block D, China Resources Land
                             Securities Branch in China
                                                             Building, No. 19 Kefa Road,
40                           Resources Land Building,                                               518057        Xiao Kang        0755-23819115
                                                             Dachong Community, Yuehai
      Guangdong   Shenzhen   Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen
                                                             Sub-district, Nanshan District,
                                                             Shenzhen
                                                             BC, 9/F, Block A, CIS Commercial
                             Securities Branch in Hongli     Center, No. 1061 Xiangmei Road,
41                                                                                                  518000        Gu Guoxu        0755-82027636
                             Road, Shenzhen                  Xiangmihu Street, Futian District,
                                                             Shenzhen City
                             Securities Branch in Fund       8B, Fund Building, No. 5999 Yitian
42                           Building, Shennan Avenue,       Road, Lianhua Street, Futian           518053       Chen Shun         0755-27247971




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                             Shenzhen                        District, Shenzhen City
                                                             Rooms 2201-2212 & 2501-2512,
                             Securities Branch in            Building A, Rongchao Business
43                           Rongchao Business Center,       Center, No. 6003 Yitian Road,          518026         Jingwei        0755-83769581
                             Yitian Road, Shenzhen           Fuxin Community, Lianhua Street,
                                                             Futian District, Shenzhen City
                                                             Flats 02, 03, 04, 17/F, China Travel
                             Securities Branch in Yitian     Service HK Building, No. 4011
44                                                                                                  518048       Shen Jiayan      0755-82766159
                             Road, Shenzhen                  Shennan Avenue, Futian District,
                                                             Shenzhen City
                                                             Units 04 and 05, 70/F, Ping An
                                                             Finance Center, No. 5033 Yitian
                             Securities Branch in Ping An
45                                                           Road, Fu’an Community, Futian           518041    Wang Shaolian      0755-36996090
                             Finance Center, Shenzhen
                                                             Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                             City




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                                                             Units 1203, 1205 and 1206,
                                                             Xizhilang Building, No. 3033
                             Securities Branch in Zhongxin
46                                                           Zhongxin Road, Weilan Coast            518048        Sun Chen         0755-27247971
                             Road, Houhai, Shenzhen
                                                             Community, Yuehai Street,




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen
                                                             Rooms 702-704, 7/F, South
                                                             Office Building, Nanning China
                             Securities Branch in Minzu
47                Nanning                                    Resources Center, No. 136-5,           530029        Lin Lianbin      0771-5570215
                             Avenue, Nanning
                                                             Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,
       Guangxi                                               Nanning
                                                             Business office No. 3-2 and
                             Securities Branch in Xidi 3rd   business apartment Nos. 2801-
48                Wuzhou                                                                            543002        Liao Xiwu        0774-3862288
                             Road, Wuzhou                    2809, 1/F, No. 19 Xidi 3rd Road,
                                                             Wuzhou City




                                                                                                                                                   449
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                              Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                                of securities      of person in
          No。    Province         City                  Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                            Room 3807, 38/F, New Hainan
                                            Securities Branch in Guoxing    Building, No. 5 Guoxing Road,
           49                    Haikou                                                                            570102         He Ruijin      0898-66202789
                                            Road, Haikou                    Meilan District, Haikou City,
                                                                            Hainan Province
                  Hainan
                                                                            Unit 1201, Yangguang Financial
                                            Securities Branch in Yingbin    Square, No. 360-1 Yingbin Road,
           50                    Sanya                                                                              572021      Zhao Yang        0898-88211669
                                            Road, Sanya                     Jiyang District, Sanya City,
                                                                            Hainan Province
                                                                            Room 301, 3/F, Block C, Juxin
                                                                            International, No. 331 Changzhi
                                            Securities Branch in            Road, Xuefu Industrial Park,
           51     Shanxi        Taiyuan                                                                            030001         Zhou Rui        0351-7775553
                                            Changzhi Road, Taiyuan          Shanxi Transformation
                                                                            Comprehensive Reform
                                                                            Demonstration Zone
                                                                            Guanghui Building, No. 15,
                                            Securities Branch in Jingsan
           52                                                               Jingsan Road, Jinshui District,        450003         Yu Dong        0371-65585009
                                            Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                            Zhengzhou City
                                                                            No. 101, Floors 1-2, Building 1, No.
                                            Securities Branch in Nongye
           53                                                               16, East Nongye Road, Jinshui          450000       Wang Guoqi        0371-60958371
                  Henan        Zhengzhou    Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                            District, Zhengzhou City
                                                                            Nos.107 & 305, Kailin Building, No.
                                            Securities Branch in Ruyi       99 Ruyi West Road, Zhengzhou
           54                                                                                                      450008       Xia Mengfei      0371-58670567
                                            West Road, Zhengzhou            District (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot
                                                                            Free Trade Zone
                                                                            No. 15, West 16th Street, Daoli
                                            Securities Branch in West
           55                                                               District, Harbin City, Heilongjiang     150010         Li Yan         0451-51531355
                                            16th Street, Harbin
                                                                            Province
                                 Harbin                                     Floors 1-2, Block B, Aocheng
                                            Securities Branch in Xuanhua    International, No. 239, Xuanhua
           56                                                                                                       150001     Wang Qishen       0451-51998768
                                            Street, Harbin                  Street, Nangang District, Harbin
                                                                            City
                                                                            No. 236, Xiyitiao Road, Xi’an
                                            Securities Branch in Xiyitiao
           57                  Mudanjiang                                   District, Mudanjiang City,              157001       Ma Xiuhui        0453-8111898
                                            Road, Mudanjiang
                Heilongjiang                                                Heilongjiang Province
                                                                            Zhengyang South 10th Street,
                                            Securities Branch in            No. 3, Zhaodong, Suihua City,
           58                    Suihua     Zhengyang Street,               Heilongjiang Province (Office of        151100       Sun Peng         0455-8182228
                                            Zhaodong, Suihua                ICBC Zhaodong Branch on the
                                                                            2/F)
                                                                            Commercial Service Building S10,
                                            Securities Branch in Xinchao    Xinchao Jiayuan Community
           59                   Daqing                                                                             163400        Zheng Ye         0459-8971477
                                            Street, Daqing                  Phase I, Ranghulu District, Daqing
                                                                            City, Heilongjiang Province
                                            Securities Branch in Minkang    No. 855, Minkang Road, Nanguan
           60                                                                                                       130041      Zhen Maofei       0431-81910599
                                            Road, Changchun                 District, Changchun City
                               Changchun                                    No. 1000, Ziyou Avenue,
                                            Securities Branch in Ziyou
           61                                                               Chaoyang District, Changchun            130021       Guo Jiayin       0431-81919187
                                            Avenue, Changchun
                    Jilin                                                   City
                                                                            Branch No. 7, Dongchang
                                            Securities Branch in Jiefang    Complex Building 2, No. 62
           62                     Jilin                                                                             132001      Zhou Laiying     0432-65128799
                                            East Road, Jilin City           Jiefang East Road, Changyi
                                                                            District, Jilin City, Jilin Province
                                            Securities Branch in Zijin      No. 1, Zijin Road, Anlu City, Hubei
           63                                                                                                      432600        Zou Yizhao       0712-5231718
                                            Road, Anlu                      Province

                                            Securities Branch in Xiyue      Xiyue Avenue, Dawu County,
           64                                                                                                      432800      Chen Junhong       0712-7226466
                                            Avenue, Dawu                    Hubei Province

                                            Securities Branch in Xiannv     No. 215, Xiannv Avenue,
           65                                                                                                      431600       Huang Ling        0712-8296358
                                            Avenue, Hanchuan                Hanchuan City, Hubei Province
                   Hubei        Xiaogan
                                            Securities Branch in            No. 29, Changzheng Road,
           66                                                                                                      432000     Zhang Hongkai       0712-2326827
                                            Changzheng Road, Xiaogan        Xiaogan City, Hubei Province
                                                                            Shop 20, Gucheng Xindu,
                                            Securities Branch in West       Gucheng Avenue, Chengzhong
           67                                                                                                      432400          Ningyi         0712-3226017
                                            Main Street, Yingcheng          Street, Yingcheng City, Xiaogan
                                                                            City, Hubei Province




450
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                  of securities      of person in
No。   Province      City                 Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge



                             Securities Branch in Jingui      No. 15, Jingui Avenue, Enshi City,
68                                                                                                   445000         Feng Bo         0718-8237528
                             Avenue, Enshi                    Hubei Province

                             Securities Branch in             No. 87, Fengxiang Avenue,
69                                                                                                   445700       Zhou Bingjie      0718-6288118
                             Fengxiang Avenue, Laifeng        Laifeng County
                   Enshi
                                                              Rooms 106 and 107, Block 8,
                                                              Nanbin Garden, No. 66 Nanbin
                             Securities Branch in Nanbin
70                                                            Avenue, Group 1, Wangjiawan            445400        Si Guoyao        0718-7283339
                             Avenue, Lichuan
                                                              Village, Dongcheng Subdistrict
                                                              Office, Lichuan City


                                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                              No. 14, Floor 1-2, Building 2,
                             Securities Branch in Middle      Xiangxie Lidu, Middle Jiangjin
71                                                                                                   434000          Xu Hui         0716-8249551
                             Jiangjin Road, Jingzhou          Road, Shashi District, Jingzhou
                  Jingzhou                                    City
                             Securities Branch in Bijiashan   No. 88, Bijiashan Road, Xiulin
72                                                                                                   434400      Pan Jianping       0716-7298253
                             Road, Shishou                    Agency, Shishou City

                             Securities Branch in
                                                              No. 29, Chaoyang Middle Road,
73                 Shiyan    Chaoyang Middle Road,                                                   442000        Wang Lin         0719-8688188
                                                              Maojian District, Shiyan City
                             Shiyan

                             Securities Branch in Minzu       No. 1 Minzu Avenue, Hongshan
74                                                                                                   430074      Zhou Wenting       027-87575660
                             Avenue, Wuhan                    District, Wuhan City




                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                              R1, 1/F and R1-R3, 2/F, Shipping
                             Securities Branch in             International Plaza, No. 250
75                                                                                                   430032          Li Pan         027-83632286
                             Jianghan Road, Wuhan             Jianghan Road, Jiang’an District,




                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                              Wuhan City
                                                              Rooms 03 and 04, 1/F, Unit 3,
                             Securities Branch in Youyi       Building 1, Vanke Jinyu Huafu, No.
76                                                                                                   430080        Wang Kai        027-86880966
                             Avenue, Wuhan                    29 Fangji Road, Yangyuan Street,
                                                              Wuchang District, Wuhan City
                                                              A103-A111, 1/F and A205-A208, 2/F,
                  Wuhan                                       Tower A, Huigu Building, No. 768
                             Securities Branch in Gaoxin
77                                                            Gaoxin Avenue, Donghu New              430060       Zhang Suicui      027-88133377
                             Avenue, Wuhan
                                                              Technology Development Zone,
                                                              Wuhan City

       Hubei                                                  Nos. 02, 03, 05, 10, 37/F (42/F of




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                              elevator), Block T1, and Part Shop
                             Securities Branch in             No. 7, 1/F, Block T3, Phase II of
78                                                                                                   430070       Liu Hongyan       027-87816068
                             Zhongbei Road, Wuhan             Changchenghui, No. 9 Zhongbei
                                                              Road, Wuchang District, Wuhan
                                                              City, Hubei Province
                             Securities Branch in Xinhua      No. 314, Xinhua Road, Jianghan
79                                                                                                   430015       Zhang Feng       027-85558889
                             Road, Wuhan                      District, Wuhan City
                                                              Block 1, Wall Street, No. 115
                             Securities Branch in Hanjiang    Hanjiang North Road, Fancheng
80               Xiangyang                                                                           441000         Li Qiaoni       0710-3278298
                             North Road, Xiangyang            District, Xiangyang City, Hubei
                                                              Province
                                                              Shops 101 & 102, 1/F and No. 201, 2/
                             Securities Branch in             F, Building 8, No. 91-36 Dongmen
81                                                                                                   438000      Zhang Xingxin      0713-8613915
                             Dongmen Road, Huanggang          Road, Huangzhou District,
                                                              Huanggang City, Hubei Province




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                                                              Shops 101-104 and 201-203,
                             Securities Branch in Minzhu      Building 3, Guoding Mansion, No.
82                                                                                                   435400         Xu Jian         0713-6758589
                             Road, Wuxue                      138-17 Minzhu Road, Wuxue City,
                 Huanggang
                                                              Hubei Province
                                                              No. 1-01, 1/F and Np. 2-01, 2/F,




                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
                                                              Commercial Building 4, Yingyuan
                             Securities Branch in Jintong     Health City, west of Jintong
83                                                                                                   438300       Gao Baolin        0713-2772385
                             Avenue, Macheng                  Avenue, Economic Development
                                                              Zone, Macheng City, Huanggang
                                                              City, Hubei Province
                             Securities Branch in Zilong      No. 59, Zilong Road, Dangyang
84                                                                                                   444100     Wang Zhenpeng       0717-3252238
                             Road, Dangyang                   City, Hubei Province

                             Securities Branch in Xiling      No. 10, Xiling First Road, Yichang
85                                                                                                   443000       Kong Liping       0717-6229898
                             First Road, Yichang              City
                  Yichang    Securities Branch in             No. 167, Changjiang Avenue,
86                                                                                                   443300        Hu Dewen         0717-4836899
                             Changjiang Avenue, Yidu          Lucheng, Yidu City
                                                              Junction of Tuanjie Road and
                             Securities Branch in Park
87                                                            Park Road, Majiadian, Zhijiang         443200        Yang Run         0718-4200539
                             Road, Zhijiang
                                                              City




                                                                                                                                                    451
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
          No。    Province     City                 Name                               Address                     Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                        Units 30028-30032, Fuxing
                                                                        Commercial Plaza, No. 303,
                                        Securities Branch in Furong
           88               Changsha                                    Section 1, Furong Middle Road,            410007     Zhan Xiaoqiang     0731-85561098
                                        Middle Road, Changsha
                                                                        Kaifu District, Changsha City,
                                                                        Hunan Province
                                                                        Beside the Local Tax Bureau,
                                        Securities Branch in Tianyue
           89    Hunan                                                  Tianyue Avenue, Pingjiang                 414500      Chen Muyuan        0730-6297006
                                        Avenue, Pingjiang, Yueyang
                                                                        County, Yueyang City
                                                                        Rooms 1818, 1819, 1820, Building
                             Yueyang
                                                                        4, Wanxiang Ruicheng, No.
                                        Securities Branch in Yueyang
           90                                                           219 Yueyang Avenue West,                  414000       Tang Jingyu       0730-8240599
                                        Avenue, Yueyang
                                                                        Yueyanglou District, Yueyang
                                                                        City
                                                                        2# Hotel of Peace International
                                                                        Hotel, Rooms 107, 803 and 804 of
                                        Securities Branch in Yanjiang
           91                                                           Office Building, No. 69, Yanjiang         330006         Han Tao        0791-86270340
                                        North Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                        North Road, Donghu District,
                                                                        Nanchang City, Jiangxi Province
                                                                        North side of Room 104 and
                            Nanchang
                                                                        Room 204, No. 2 Office and
                                                                        Commerce Building, Xinghehui
                                        Securities Branch in Fenghe
           92    Jiangxi                                                Business Center, No. 1333 Fenghe          330100        Chu Xinya        0791-83751699
                                        Middle Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                        Middle Avenue, Honggutan New
                                                                        District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi
                                                                        Province
                                                                        Shops 1-1, 1-10, 2-1 and
                                                                        2-10, Building 1, Yangming
                                        Securities Branch in M&A
           93                Ganzhou                                    International Center, Zhangjiang          341000        Liu Jingwei     0797-5886858
                                        Fund Park, Ganzhou
                                                                        New Zone, Zhanggong District,
                                                                        Ganzhou City, Jiangxi Province
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 2, Dongheng Street,
           94                           Dongheng Street,                                                          213003      Zou Wenjuan        0519-81000818
                                                                        Changzhou City
                                        Changzhou
                                                                        1/F, No. 9 Heping North Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Heping
           95                                                           Tianning District, Changzhou              213000          Ji Tao         0519-85522173
                                        North Road, Changzhou
                                                                        City
                                                                        Nos. 1-10, 11, 12, 26, 27 and 28,
                                        Securities Branch in Taihu
           96                                                           Fuchen Park, Taihu East Road,             213000         Yan Yao        0519-86921660
                                        East Road, Changzhou
                                                                        Xinbei District, Changzhou City
                            Changzhou
                                                                        A-101 and 201, No. 137 Huayuan
                                        Securities Branch in Huayuan
           97                                                           Street, Wujin District, Changzhou          213159        Yang Lu        0519-86600788
                                        Street, Changzhou
                                                                        City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        Nos. 109, 110, 111 and 112, Building 1,
                                        Securities Branch in
           98                                                           Binhe Xingcheng, Jintan District,         213200       Yao Haitang      0519-82696969
                                        Nanhuan First Road, Jintan
                                                                        Changzhou City
                                                                        Room 103, No. 628 South Street,
                                        Securities Branch in South
           99                                                           New Century Square, Licheng               213300       Lin Weinian      0519-80981753
                                        Street, Liyang
                                                                        Sub-district, Liyang City
                                                                        Shops 1004-1006, and Rooms
                                        Securities Branch in East
           100                                                          801-814, Building 1, Huifeng               223301         Hu Xi         0517-83907888
                 Jiangsu                Huahai Road, Huaian
                                                                        Central Plaza, Huaian City
                                                                        Room 101, Block 1, No. 3 Fuyu Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Fuyu
           101                                                          Economic and Technological                223300          Yu Le         0517-84908988
                                        Road, Huaian
                                                                        Development Zone, Huaian City
                                                                        Rooms 103 and 104, Building Z02,
                                        Securities Branch in Hongri
           102               Huaian                                     Xin Lian Yi Pin, Zhong Lian One           223400         Kang Le        0517-82660908
                                        Avenue, Lianshui, Huaian
                                                                        City, Lianshui County, Huaian
                                        Securities Branch in Xiangyu
                                                                        No. 1007 Xiangyu Avenue, Huaian
           103                          Avenue, Huai’an District,                                                 223200        Li Naigen        0517-85198077
                                                                        District, Huaian City
                                        Huaian
                                                                        No. 45, Huaihe East Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Huaihe
           104                                                          Xucheng Town, Xuyi County,                 211700     Wang Xinyan        0517-88215061
                                        East Road, Xuyi, Huaian
                                                                        Huaian City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        No. 218-13, Zhenzhu North Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Zhenzhu    Economic Development Zone,
           105                                                                                                     211200      Zha Tianhao       025-56235323
                                        North Road, Lishui              Lishui District, Nanjing City,
                             Nanjing                                    Jiangsu Province
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        Room 1901, No. 39 Qingliangmen,
           106                          Qingliangmen Street,                                                      210036      Zhang Haiqiao      025-86586116
                                                                        Gulou District, Nanjing City
                                        Nanjing




452
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                          Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                            of securities      of person in
No。   Province    City                Name                             Address                 Zip code      branches             charge



                           Securities Branch in           1/F & 2/F, No. 99 Changjiang
107                                                                                            210005         Xing Qin        025-84798478
                           Changjiang Road, Nanjing       Road, Nanjing City
                                                          No. 188-6, Baota Road, Chunxi
                           Securities Branch in Baota
108                                                       Town, Gaochun District, Nanjing       211300       Jiang Lai        025-56816719
                           Road, Gaochun, Nanjing
                                                          City, Jiangsu Province
                                                          No. 6, Wenlan Road, Xianlin
                           Securities Branch in Wenlan
109                                                       University Town, Qixia District,     210024        Li Boyang        025-58010075
                           Road, Nanjing
                                                          Nanjing
                           Securities Branch in Lushan    No. 168, Lushan Road, Jianye


                                                                                                                                                       About Us
110                                                                                            210029      Yao Yuechuan       025-83539779
                           Road, Nanjing                  District, Nanjing City
                                                          12/F, Block N, Nanjing Zendai
                           Securities Branch in Minzhi
111                                                       Hima Centre, No. 2 Minzhi Road,      210002        Li Guoping       025-86895618
                           Road, Nanjing
                                                          Yuhuatai District, Nanjing
                                                          Rooms 801-805, Building 8,
                           Securities Branch in
                                                          Fortune Plaza II, No. 228 Tianyuan
112                        Tianyuan East Road,                                                  211100      Ma Qiaoping       025-83389130
                                                          East Road, Chunhua Sub-district,
                           Jiangning, Nanjing
                                                          Jiangning, Nanjing City
                                                          Room 202A, Guanghua Building,
                           Securities Branch in
113                                                       No. 39 Daguang Road, Qinhuai          210016       Hou Jiarui      025-84636866
                           Daguang Road, Nanjing
                                                          District, Nanjing City




                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                          9/F, Building 1, No. 12 Xiongzhou
                           Securities Branch in
                                                          West Road, Xiongzhou Sub-
114                        Xiongzhou West Road, Liuhe,                                          211500     Xie Xiangshun      025-57115051
                                                          district, Liuhe District, Nanjing
                           Nanjing
                                                          City




                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                          12/F, Building A, Yunmi City, No.
                           Securities Branch in           19 Ningshuang Road, Yuhuatai
115                                                                                            210007       Xu Minfeng       025-84480958
                           Ningshuang Road, Nanjing       District, Nanjing City, Jiangsu
                 Nanjing
                                                          Province
                           The Second Securities          Room 801, Panda Building, No. 301
116                        Branch in Zhongshan East       Zhongshan East Road, Xuanwu          210008     Jiang Xianming      025-84701234
                           Road, Nanjing                  District, Nanjing City

                           Securities Branch in
117                                                       No. 26, Zhimaying, Nanjing City      210004       Wang Huan         025-52210618
                           Zhimaying, Nanjing
      Jiangsu
                           Securities Branch in           No. 255, Zhonghua Road, Nanjing




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
118                                                                                             210001      Yang Haikun       025-52238618
                           Zhonghua Road, Nanjing         City, Jiangsu Province

                           Securities Branch in Huatai
                                                          25/F, No. 90 East Zhongshan
119                        Securities Building, East                                           210009        Xu Yiping        025-84718112
                                                          Road, Qinhuai District, Nanjing
                           Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
                                                          Room 902, 9/F, Building
                                                          D, Nanjing Yangtze River
                           Securities Branch in Zhenghe   International Shipping Center,
120                                                                                            210003      Chu Dongbing       025-83539292
                           Middle Road, Nanjing           No. 118, Zhenghe Middle Road; No.
                                                          3-15-2, Yongning Street, Gulou
                                                          District, Nanjing
                                                          South Side of 1/F, Block
                                                          A1, Jiangning Jiulonghu
                           Securities Branch in Suyuan    International Corporate
121                        Avenue, Jiangning District,    Headquarters Park, No. 19 Suyuan      210037        Tao Kan         025-83581116
                           Nanjing                        Avenue, Jiangning Economic




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                                          and Technological Development
                                                          Zone, Nanjing City
                                                          Room 3004, Building 1, No. 11
                           Securities Branch in Pukou
122                                                       Pukou Avenue, Jiangpu Street,        210032      Yang Hongjia       025-86334002
                           Avenue, Nanjing
                                                          Pukou District, Nanjing




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                                                          No. 999 Beihai Road, Haimen
                           Securities Branch in Beihai
123                                                       Sub-district, Haimen District,       226100        Zhai Jiping     0513-82227766
                           Road, Haimen
                                                          Nantong City
                           Securities Branch in           No. 93, Middle Changjiang Road,
124                        Changjiang Middle Road,        Hai’an Town, Hai’an County,          226600          Xu Ke         0513-88856678
                           Hai’an, Nantong                Nantong City, Jiangsu Province
                 Nantong
                                                          Rooms 2404-2405, South
                           Securities Branch in
125                                                       Building, Harmony City, No. 57       226000         Gu Zhun         0513-85126758
                           Gongnong Road, Nantong
                                                          Gongnong Road, Nantong City
                                                          3/F, Building 1, No. 8 Hudong
                           Securities Branch in Hudong
126                                                       Road, Chongchuan District,           226001     Wang Yongsheng      0513-85123188
                           Road, Nantong
                                                          Nantong City, Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                              453
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                      Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                        of securities      of person in
          No。    Province    City                Name                              Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                      Southern section of the 4/F,
                                      Securities Branch in Jianghai   Room 101, Zhongyang Plaza, No. 2
           127                                                                                             226400       Shi Shushu       0513-84883333
                                      Road, Rudong, Nantong           East Jianghai Road, Chengzhong
                                                                      Street, Rudong County
                                      Securities Branch in            Room 101, Block 2, Jinhaiyuan,
           128                        Shanghai East Road,             Development Zone, Nantong            226009          Xu Hui        0513-83593189
                                      Nantong                         City

                                      Securities Branch in New        Office 01B-2, No. 170, New
           129                        Century Avenue, Tongzhou,       Century Avenue, High-tech Zone,      226300     Wu Guangsheng      0513-81692959
                                      Nantong                         Nantong
                            Nantong
                                      Securities Branch in            No. 6, Yaogang Road, Nantong
           130                                                                                             226006         Sha Fei        0513-85580999
                                      Yaogang Road, Nantong           City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                      No. 505, Middle Renmin Road,
                                      Securities Branch in Middle
           131                                                        Huilong Town, Qidong City,           226200        Yao Liang       0513-83652208
                                      Renmin Road, Qidong
                                                                      Jiangsu Province
                                                                      Room 12, Building 15, Lido Garden,
                                                                      Ziweiyuan, No. 388 Fushou Road,
                                      Securities Branch in Fushou
           132                                                        Rucheng Sub-district, Rugao          226500        Jiang Nan       0513-87335888
                                      Road, Rugao
                                                                      City, Nantong City, Jiangsu
                                                                      Province
                                      Securities Branch in            No. 18, Jinshajiang Road,
           133                                                                                             215500       Zhang Zhen       0512-67579766
                                      Jinshajiang Road, Changshu      Changshu City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                      Room 3-1, 1/F and Room 20, 3/
                                      Securities Branch in
                                                                      F, Building 3, Yujing Mansion,
           134                        Heilongjiang North Road,                                             215300        Lu Renyan        0512-55219166
                                                                      No. 8 Heilongjiang North Road,
                                      Kunshan
                                                                      Kunshan Development Zone
                                                                      Room 101-1, 1/F, Room 1601-2, 16/
                                      Securities Branch in            F and Room 1602, 16/F, Fortune
           135                                                                                             215004        Liu Xinglin      0512-68270515
                                      Zongguantang Road, Suzhou       Building, No. 333 Zongguantang
                                                                      Road, Gusu District, Suzhou City
                                                                      Rooms 1001, 1002-1, 102, Building
                                      Securities Branch in Zhuyuan    7, Yunhe Bowan Financial Plaza,
           136                                                                                             215000        Zhang Lin       0512-68785488
                                      Road, Suzhou                    No. 6 Zhuyuan Road, High-tech
                 Jiangsu                                              Zone, Suzhou City
                                      Securities Branch in Renmin     No. 1925, Renmin Road, Suzhou
           137                                                                                              215001         Pan Yi        0512-52895998
                                      Road, Suzhou                    City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                      29A, Modern Media Plaza, No.
                                      Securities Branch in East
           138                                                        265 East Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou       215028         Li Xinran      0512-67248873
                                      Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou
                                                                      Industrial Park
                                                                      No. 102, Xinshi Road, Canglang
                                      Securities Branch in Xinshi
           139                                                        District, Suzhou City, Jiangsu       215007       Guo Hengxi        0512-65187816
                                      Road, Suzhou
                                                                      Province
                            Suzhou
                                                                      1-2/F, Building 1, No. 36 Taiping
                                      Securities Branch in Taiping
           140                                                        South Road, Chengxiang Town,         215400         Xia Yan        0512-53580279
                                      South Road, Taicang
                                                                      Taicang City
                                                                      Room 107, Huiying Mansion,
                                      Securities Branch in            Financial Business Center, North
           141                        Guangzhou Road, Shengze         Side of Chenjiaqiao Village Road,    215228        Sun Qiang        0512-63910061
                                      Town, Wujiang                   Xincheng District, Shengze Town,
                                                                      Wujiang District, Suzhou City
                                      Securities Branch in Middle     No. 251, Middle Changjiang Road,
           142                        Changjiang Road, Jingang        Jingang Town, Zhangjiagang           215633      Wang Guohua       0512-56767800
                                      Town, Zhangjiagang              City, Jiangsu Province

                                      Securities Branch in Yangshe
           143                                                        No. 2, Yangshe Road East             215600         Lu Rong         0512-58127000
                                      East Road, Zhangjiagang
                                                                      104, 1/F, Podium Building, 108,
                                                                      1/F, Podium Building and
                                      Securities Branch in            202, 1/F, Podium Building,
           144                                                                                              215104       Liu Lihong       0512-66021881
                                      Wuzhong Avenue, Suzhou          No. 198 Su Street, Yuexi Sub-
                                                                      district, Wuzhong Economic
                                                                      Development Zone, Suzhou
                                      Securities Branch in Gaoxin     Nos. 946 and 948, Gaoxin Road,
           145                        Road, Wujiang District,         Songling Town, Wujiang District,     215200        Zhao Yang       0512-63956208
                                      Suzhou                          Suzhou City
                                                                      No. 23, East Avenue, Luotang
                                      Securities Branch in East
           146              Taizhou                                   Street, Jiangyan District, Taizhou   225500         Xu Yan         0523-88209518
                                      Street, Jiangyan
                                                                      City, Jiangsu Province




454
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                  Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                    of securities      of person in
No。   Province      City                  Name                                Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                101, Block A3, Financial Business
                               Securities Branch in Fuyang
147                                                             District, No. 2 Fuyang Road,           214500        Cai Li’ang      0523-89101088
                               Road, Jingjiang
                                                                Jingjiang City
                                                                D106 & D206, Hotel Building 4,
                               Securities Branch in Guoqing
148                                                             Qingyun Garden, Taixing City,          225400         Tao Jin        0523-87095597
                               West Road, Taixing
                                                                Jiangsu Province
                   Taizhou
                               Securities Branch in
                                                                2/F, Building 3, No. 288 Yongding
149                            Yongding East Road,                                                     225300      Miao Genping      0523-86985597
                                                                East Road, Taizhou City
                               Gaogang, Taizhou



                                                                                                                                                               About Us
                               Securities Branch in Yingwu
                                                                No. 198, Middle Yingwu Road,
150                            Middle Road, Xinghua,                                                   225700        Yang Hua        0523-83256333
                                                                Xinghua City, Jiangsu province
                               Taizhou

                               Securities Branch in Futai       5/F, New Baiye Square, No. 8
151                                                                                                     214421       Zhang Ye        0510-86837528
                               Road, Jiangyin                   Futai Road, Jiangyin City

                               Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 680, Huandong Road, Huashi
152                            Huandong Road, Huashi                                                    214421     Zhou Junning       0510-81660159
                                                                Town, Jiangyin City
                               Town, Jiangyin

                               Securities Branch in West        No. 628, Zhouzhuang West
153                            Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,         Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,               214423        Yan Ming         0510-81660113
                               Jiangyin                         Jiangyin City




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                               Securities Branch in Yingxiu
                                                                No. 111, Yingxiu Road, Qingyang
154                            Road, Qingyang Town,                                                     214401      Liu Zhaohui       0510-86817241
                                                                Town, Jiangyin City
                               Jiangyin




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                               Securities Branch in Shenpu      No. 108, Shenpu Road, Lingang
155                                                                                                    214443       Huang Yaqiu      0510-81666278
                    Wuxi       Road, Lingang, Jiangyin          Sub-district, Jiangyin City

                               Securities Branch in             1/F, Jiangong Building, No. 56
156                                                                                                    214000        Lu Yunjie        0510-82768155
                               Liangqing Road, Wuxi             Liangqing Road, Wuxi City

                               Securities Branch in Jiefang     No. 327, Jiefang West Road, Wuxi
157                                                                                                    214000        Tang Kai        0510-82722975
                               West Road, Wuxi                  City
                                                                101B, No. 15 Financial First Street,
                               Securities Branch in Financial
158                                                             Taihu Street, Binhu District, Wuxi      214123        Yi Zilong      0510-85065672
                               First Street, Wuxi
                                                                City

      Jiangsu                                                   102-2, 103-2, Building 1, Huiye




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                               Securities Branch in Hefeng
159                                                             Business Plaza, No. 32 Hefeng           214021       Dong Jun         0510-85045101
                               Road, Wuxi
                                                                Road, Xinwu District, Wuxi City
                               Securities Branch in Jiefang     No. 177, Jiefang East Road,
160                                                                                                    214299         Wan Lei        0510-80793526
                               East Road, Yixing                Yicheng Sub-district, Yixing City

                               Securities Branch in             No. 69, Tongguan South Road,
161              Lianyungang   Tongguan South Road,             Haizhou District, Lianyungang           222001       Wang Lei        0518-85519068
                               Lianyungang                      City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                Room 101-2-1, Financial and
                               Securities Branch in             Insurance Building, South Side
162                            Yongkang Road, Shuyang,          of Suzhou Road and West Side           223600      Feng Lingtong     0527-87880259
                   Suqian      Suqian                           of Yongkang Road, Shuyang
                                                                County, Suqian City
                               Securities Branch in Hongze      No. 581, Hongze Lake Road,
163                                                                                                    223800        Zhang Lei       0527-84390068
                               Lake Road, Suqian                Suqian City




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                                                1-103, 104, Building B, Baolong
                               Securities Branch in Heping
164                                                             Plaza, No. 99 Heping Road,             221006      Zhou Xuehong       0516-85850911
                               Avenue, Xuzhou
                                                                Yunlong District, Xuzhou City
                               Securities Branch in Tangmu      No. 2, Tangmu Road, Pei County,
165                                                                                                    221600        Shi Zhikun      0516-81202066
                               Road, Pei County, Xuzhou         Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                No. 165, 1F/F and Rooms 2102 –
                               Securities Branch in Huaihai     2105, Unit A, Suning Plaza, No. 29
166                                                                                                    221000        Jiao Shuai       0516-83718027
                               East Road, Xuzhou                Huaihai East Road, Gulou District,
                                                                Xuzhou City

                   Xuzhou                                       Southeast Corner, 1/F, Building
                                                                2, Business Service Center, New
                               Securities Branch in Suihe       Economic and Technology
167                                                                                                     221200      Zhang Yang       0516-88307899
                               North Road, Suining, Xuzhou      Park, No. 223 Suihe North Road,
                                                                Suining County, Xuzhou City,
                                                                Jiangsu Province
                                                                1-104, Building 6 (previously 9),
                                                                Area 3, Financial Service Center,
                               Securities Branch in Qinjun
168                                                             Huaihai Economic Zone, No. 1            221116    Wang Runsheng      0516-83318099
                               Road, Xuzhou
                                                                Qinjun Road, Yunlong District,
                                                                Xuzhou City




                                                                                                                                                      455
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                           of securities      of person in
          No。    Province     City                 Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                        Room 109, 1/F & Room 205, 2/
                                        Securities Branch in Jianguo
           169                                                          F, Block 1A, Fortune Plaza, No. 75    221000     Zhang Zhengxing    0516-85803998
                                        West Road, Xuzhou
                                                                        Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou City
                                        Securities Branch in Daqiao     No. 8, Daqiao West Road, Xinyi,
           170                                                                                                221400        Han Chao        0516-88989808
                             Xuzhou     West Road, Xinyi                Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        (Shops 2-10, Mingshi Garden),
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 5101 Zhongyang Avenue,
           171                          Zhongyang Avenue, Feng                                                 221700     Sun Chaoxing      0516-66650656
                                                                        Feng County, Xuzhou City,
                                        County, Xuzhou
                                                                        Jiangsu Province
                                        Securities Branch in Renmin     Rooms 102, 103 and 104, Building
           172                          South Road, Dafeng,             B, Yangguang Mall, Dafeng             224100      Shen Zhongqin     0515-83928806
                                        Yancheng                        District, Yancheng
                                                                        Rooms 8017 & 8018, Building 3,
                                        Securities Branch in Middle
           173                                                          Shangye New Village, No. 78           224200          Xi Jing        0515-85105761
                                        Hailing Road, Dongtai
                                                                        Middle Hailing Road, Dongtai
                            Yancheng                                    Room 15-103 and Room 15-
                                                                        104, No. 15 Commercial and
                                        Securities Branch in South      Residential Building, No. 16
           174                          Hongxing Alley, Binhai,         Commercial and Office Building,       224500        Wang Kai        0515-87021988
                                        Yancheng                        Lvdu Jiayuan, No. 29 South
                                                                        Hongxing Alley, Dongkan Street,
                                                                        Binhai County
                                        Securities Branch in Pinghuai
           175                                                          No. 37, Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou         225600      Sheng Fuqing       0514-85089721
                                        Road, Gaoyou, Yangzhou

                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 10, Yeting East Road, Baoying
           176   Jiangsu                Yeting East Road, Baoying,                                            225800          Yu Jie         0514-88259411
                                                                        County
                                        Yangzhou

                            Yangzhou                                    6-2001, 2002, 2019, 2020, 2021,
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        2022, 2023, 2024, 20/F, Changjian
           177                          Changjian Center, Museum                                              225000        Xu Yiming       0514-83962098
                                                                        Center, No. 364 Museum Road,
                                        Road, Yangzhou
                                                                        Hanjiang District, Yangzhou City
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 406, Wenchang Middle Road,
           178                          Wenchang Middle Road,                                                 225001       Xu Xuefeng       0514-87366418
                                                                        Yangzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                        Yangzhou
                                                                        Rooms 101, 201, 301, Block
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        1, Huangshan Yaju, No. 6
           179                          Huangshan South Road,                                                 212000       Wu Jiarong       0511-85037099
                                                                        Huangshan South Road,
                                        Zhenjiang
                                                                        Zhenjiang City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        No. 235, Cuizhu South Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Cuizhu
           180                                                          Sanmao Sub-district, Yangzhong        212200        Yin Hang        0511-88399933
                                        South Road, Yangzhong
                                                                        City
                                                                        Rooms 131-133, 236-237, 239, 241,
                                        Securities Branch in Guyang
                            Zhenjiang                                   243, Hengyu Building, Guyang
           181                          Middle Avenue, Dantu,                                                 212000          Xu Rui         0511-85115898
                                                                        Middle Avenue, Dantu District,
                                        Zhenjiang
                                                                        Zhenjiang City
                                        Securities Branch in            Nos. 16-1 to 16-3, Fenghuang
           182                          Fenghuang Road, Danyang,        Road, Development Zone,               212300       Hou Yeping        0511-86699772
                                        Zhenjiang                       Danyang

                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 1, Huayang North Road,
           183                          Huayang North Road, Jurong,                                           212400          Xu Lei        0511-85979998
                                                                        Huayang Town, Jurong City
                                        Zhenjiang
                                                                        Nos. 223 and 231, Market Street;
                                        Securities Branch in Shengli    Nos. 2-1, 2-2 and 2-3, Unit 1, No.
           184                                                                                                 116013       Nie Boshi        0411-82815866
                                        East Road, Dalian               227 Market Street, Xigang District,
                                                                        Dalian City, Liaoning Province
                             Dalian                                     Rooms 01, 02 & 03-1, 13/
                                                                        F, Exchange Square, No. 40
                                        Securities Branch in
           185                                                          Gangxing Road, Zhongshan               116021      Zhang Yuwei      0411-84342688
                 Liaoning               Gangxing Road, Dalian
                                                                        District, Dalian City, Liaoning
                                                                        Province
                                                                        1#1708-1715, Area E of Blue
                                                                        Kangqiao, South of Huibin Street
                                        Securities Branch in Huibin
           186               Panjin                                     and East of Xiangdao Road,             124010       Wang Fan         0427-3257500
                                        Street, Panjin
                                                                        Xinglongtai District, Panjin City,
                                                                        Liaoning Province




456
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
No。   Province     City                Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                            No. 187, Daxi Road, Shenhe
                            Securities Branch in Daxi
187                                                         District, Shenyang City, Liaoning      110014       Wang Hui         024-31976665
                            Road, Shenyang
                                                            Province
                                                            (0300) No. 23, Guangrong Street,
                            Securities Branch in
188                                                         Heping District, Shenyang City,        110003      Liu Xiaoqing      024-31883577
                 Shenyang   Guangrong Street, Shenyang
                                                            Liaoning Province
      Liaoning
                                                            No. 318 (Gate 1) and No. 320
                            Securities Branch in Qingnian   (Annex Building 201), Qingnian
189                                                                                                110004       Zhang Sai        024-31883388
                            Street, Shenyang                Street, Heping District, Shenyang



                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                                                            City
                            Securities Branch in Bohai      No. 16-A-1, Bohai Street East,
190              Yingkou                                                                           115000       Tang Wei         0417-3350961
                            Street, Yingkou                 Zhanqian District
                                                            West Hall, 1F, Runheng Building,
                            Securities Branch in Jingqi
191                                                         No. 83, Jingqi Road, Shizhong         250000       Zhang Qinlei      18660186343
                            Road, Jinan
                                                            District, Jinan City
                                                            Room 203, 2/F, Podium of
                            Securities Branch in Jiefang    Shandong Port Luhai Logistics
192               Jinan                                                                           250061        Ji Xiankun       0531-82318318
                            East Road, Jinan                Building, No. 25-6 Jiefang East
                                                            Road, Lixia District, Jinan City
                                                            1/F, East Dongyuan Building, No.
                            Securities Branch in Jiefang
193                                                         30 Jiefang Road, Lixia District,      250013         Yu Hao         0531-85829568



                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                            Road, Jinan
                                                            Jinan City
                            Securities Branch in            No. 32, Changshan Road,
194   Shandong                                                                                    265200        Zang Peng        0535-7999111
                            Changshan Road, Laiyang         Laiyang City, Shandong Province




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                  Yantai                                    No. 236, South Street, Zhifu
                            Securities Branch in South
195                                                         District, Yantai City, Shandong       264000     Wang Xiaodong       0535-2150055
                            Street, Yantai
                                                            Province
                                                            No. 79, West Hong Kong Road,
                            Securities Branch in West
196              Qingdao                                    Shinan District, Qingdao,             266071       Wang Qiang       0532-83861188
                            Hong Kong Road, Qingdao
                                                            Shandong Province
                                                            Room 101, Block B, Weite
                            Securities Branch in            Tianyuan Square, Jinqueshan
197                Linyi                                                                          276000       Jing Jianfei     0539-7030698
                            Jinqueshan Road, Linyi          Road, Lanshan District, Linyi City,
                                                            Shandong Province




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                            Securities Branch in
                                                            Room 901, No. 1158, Jiangning
198                         Jiangning Road, Putuo                                                 200060      Chen Xiaoxue       021-33532200
                                                            Road, Putuo District, Shanghai
                            District, Shanghai

                            Securities Branch in West       Rooms 1103 & 1105, Nos. 359 &
199                         Guangzhong Road, Jing’an        365, West Guangzhong Road,            200435      Bao Jianghao       021-56761987
                            District, Shanghai              Jing’an District, Shanghai

                            Securities Branch in Feihong    Units 2803, 2804, 2805, 2806,
200                         Road, Hongkou District,         Building 1, No. 118, Feihong Road,    200433          Qi Lili        021-33621855
                            Shanghai                        Hongkou District, Shanghai
                                                            Rooms 0101 & 0102, 1/F, and Room
                            Securities Branch in
                                                            0501, 5/F (actually 4/F), Block
201                         Longqi Road, Xuhui District,                                          200003        Xu Yixuan        021-63181398
                                                            1, No. 158, Longqi Road, Xuhui
                            Shanghai
                                                            District, Shanghai
                                                            Room 5003-05 (actual room
                            Securities Branch in Raffles    numbers are 4403A, 4403B,




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
202                         Square, Huangpu District,       4404), No. 268, Central Tibet         200042         Shi Cao         021-63550001
      Shanghai   Shanghai   Shanghai                        Road, Huangpu District,
                                                            Shanghai
                            Securities Branch in Weihai
                                                            Room 1305, No. 511, Weihai Road,




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
203                         Road, Jing’an District,                                               200041        Li Tianhao       021-62678287
                                                            Jing’an District, Shanghai
                            Shanghai

                            Securities Branch in            5/F, No. 1508, Mudanjiang Road,
204                                                                                               201999         He Wei          021-56106616
                            Mudanjiang Road, Shanghai       Baoshan District, Shanghai

                            Securities Branch in            Nos. 46, 47, 48 and 49, Miaojing
205                         Wangyuan South Road,            New Village, Fengxian District,       201400        Wang Yu          021-67136006
                            Fengxian District, Shanghai     Shanghai
                                                            Room 1701, Building 1, Changning
                            Securities Branch in Kaixuan
                                                            International Development
206                         Road, Changning District,                                             200120       Hu Shengqi        021-20773068
                                                            Plaza, No. 1388 Kaixuan Road,
                            Shanghai
                                                            Changning District, Shanghai
                            Securities Branch in            Rooms 1103, 1105, 1107 and 1109,
207                         Tianyaoqiao Road, Xuhui         No. 329, Tianyaoqiao Road, Xuhui      200030       Fu Chenjing       021-54254885
                            District, Shanghai              District, Shanghai




                                                                                                                                                 457
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                          Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                            of securities      of person in
          No。    Province      City                 Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                         Area A of Ground Floor and Area
                                         Securities Branch in Rushan
                                                                         B of Second Floor, Nos. 229, 231,
           208                           Road, Pudong New District,                                            200336        Wang Jie         021-52983009
                                                                         Rushan Road, China (Shanghai)
                                         Shanghai
                                                                         Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                         Securities Branch in Wuding     6/F & 7/F, No. 1088, Wuding Road,
           209                                                                                                 200040     Zhang Renrong       021-62566063
                                         Road, Shanghai                  Jing’an District, Shanghai
                                                                         Units 01B, 02, 03, 05, 06, 3/F,
                                         Securities Branch in South
                                                                         Building A, Block 4, No. 1, Lane
           210                           Huangpi Road, Huangpu                                                  200011    Huang Weiqing       021-63356099
                                                                         838, South Huangpi Road,
                                         District, Shanghai
                                                                         Huangpu District, Shanghai
                                         Securities Branch in Miaojing
                                                                         1-3/F, No. 642, Miaojing Road,
           211   Shanghai    Shanghai    Road, Pudong New District,                                            201299       Miao Cong         021-33825017
                                                                         Pudong New District, Shanghai
                                         Shanghai

                                         Securities Branch in Century    3/F, No. 1229 Century Avenue,
           212                           Avenue, Pudong New District,    China (Shanghai) Pilot Free           200120         He Ying         021-58392077
                                         Shanghai                        Trade Zone
                                                                         Rooms 03 and 04, 15/F (actually
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                         Rooms 03 and 04, 12/F), No.
           213                           Dongfang Road, Pudong                                                  201120     Chen Xiaoyan       021-50711727
                                                                         18 Dongfang Road, China
                                         New District, Shanghai
                                                                         (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                         Securities Branch in Binjiang   Room 101, 1/F Lobby, No.
           214                           Avenue, Pudong New District,    12 Dongfang Road, China                201120       Dai Xiang        021-50967056
                                         Shanghai                        (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                         Room 2103, 21/F, Unit 1, Building
                                                                         10, Tianfu Xingu, No. 399, West
                                         Securities Branch in Jinhui
           215                                                           Section, Fucheng Avenue, Hitech       610000        Yang Rui        028-87448096
                                         West 2nd Street, Chengdu
                                                                         Zone, Chengdu, China (Sichuan)
                                                                         Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                         Nos. 02 and 03, 21/F, Unit 1, Block
                                         Securities Branch in Tianfu     1, No. 5 Xiyu Street, Qingyang
           216                                                                                                  610041        Liu Feng        028-85512252
                                         Square, Chengdu                 District, Chengdu City, Sichuan
                                                                         Province
                                                                         Rooms 1506 and 1507, 15/F, Unit 1,
                                                                         Building 1, Xinxiwang Building, No.
                                         Securities Branch in Renmin
           217                                                           45, Renmin Road South Section          610031         Li Xiao       028-85590880
                                         South Road, Chengdu
                                                                         IV, Wuhou District, Chengdu City,
                                                                         Sichuan Province
                             Chengdu
                                                                         Rooms 1901 and 1905, Block
                                         Securities Branch in Shujin     B, Jinsha Wanrui Center, No. 1
           218    Sichuan                                                                                       610091       Li Huiying       028-61505176
                                         Road, Chengdu                   Shujin Road, Qingyang District,
                                                                         Chengdu City
                                                                         Nos. 1401 and 04 (self-
                                                                         numbered), 14/F, Block 1, No. 588
                                         Securities Branch in Tianfu     Middle Section of Tianfu Avenue,
           219                                                                                                  610213    Wang Hongtao       028-85640443
                                         Avenue, Chengdu                 Hitech Zone, Chengdu City,
                                                                         China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade
                                                                         Zone
                                                                         Nos. 608-611, 6/F, Unit 2, Building
                                         Securities Branch in Jiaozi     1, No. 219 Jiaozi Avenue, Hitech
           220                                                                                                  611731     Shang Guang        028-87843019
                                         Avenue, Chengdu                 Zone, Chengdu City, China
                                                                         (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                         A2, A3, A4, A5 and A6, 5/F,
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                         Building 1, Diamond Plaza, No.
           221                Deyang     Diamond Plaza, Changjiang                                              618100    Huang Wanqing       0838-7201167
                                                                         29, Section 2, Changjiang West
                                         West Road, Deyang
                                                                         Road, Deyang, Sichuan Province
                                                                         (1509, 1510, 1511) 15/F, Unit (1)1,
                                                                         North Zone, Financial Business
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                         District, Zone B, Zhongtian
           222    Guizhou     Guiyang    Changling North Road,                                                 550001     Shu Mengxiang      0851-86753279
                                                                         Exhibition City, Changling North
                                         Guiyang
                                                                         Road, Guanshanhu District,
                                                                         Guiyang City, Guizhou Province
                                                                         Rooms 1502 and 1503, 15/F, Unit 2,
                                         Securities Branch in
           223   Chongqing   Chongqing                                   No. 9 Juxianyan Square, Jiangbei      400084        Xiao Yang        023-68901837
                                         Jiangbeizui, Chongqing
                                                                         District, Chongqing
                                         Securities Branch in Baidi      No. 240, Baidi Road, Nankai
           224                                                                                                 300192      Zhang Haiyan       022-87893469
                                         Road, Tianjin                   District
                  Tianjin     Tianjin    Securities Branch in Erwei      Rooms 209-211, 2/F, Caizhi
           225                           Road, Dongli Development        Building, No. 9, Erwei Road, Dongli   300399       Xu Jianguo        022-84373801
                                         Zone, Tianjin                   Development Zone, Tianjin City




458
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                              Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                of securities      of person in
No。   Province     City                Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                            Bottom Floor (Business Area),
                            Securities Branch in Qinjian
226                                                         Yunhan Building, No. 185, Qinjian      300130       Wu Yumeng         022-26532286
                            Road, Tianjin
                                                            Road, Hongqiao District
       Tianjin    Tianjin                                   Rooms 1405-1415, Building 1,
                            Securities Branch in Jinmao     Minghui Commercial Center,
227                                                                                                 300151     Zhang Zongxin      022-58811908
                            Plaza, Hedong, Tianjin          Liuwei Road, Hedong District,
                                                            Tianjin
                                                            4/F, Changye Golden Villa,
                            Securities Branch in
                                                            No. 621 Donggang West Road,
228    Gansu     Lanzhou    Donggang West Road,                                                    730000         Liang Xu        0931-8106511


                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                            Chengguan District, Lanzhou
                            Lanzhou
                                                            City, Gansu Province
                                                            18/F, Xindi City, CapitaMall, No. 64
                            Securities Branch in Zhuque     West Section of South Second
229                                                                                                710054       Gan Xinping       029-87889991
                            Street, Xi’an                   Ring Road, Yanta District, Xi’an
      Shaanxi      Xi’an                                    City, Shaanxi Province
                                                            1/F, Jintai Holiday Flower City,
                            Securities Branch in Zhangba
230                                                         Zhangba East Road, Yanta               710065       Chen Yuwen        029-85587020
                            East Road, Xi’an
                                                            District, Xi’an City
                                                            Room 59-147, 3/F, Building 5,
                            Securities Branch in Xinning    Hexin Center, No. 23, Xinning
231   Qinghai     Xining                                                                           810000          Fu Jie         0971-6368338
                            Road, Xining                    Road, Chengxi District, Xining




                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                            City, Qinghai Province
                            Securities Branch in Jiefang    8/F, Jinrong Building, No. 243,
232   Xinjiang    Yining                                                                           835000        Wang Hui        0999-8986569
                            West Road, Yining City          Jiefang West Road, Yining City




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                                                            Room 101, Commercial Building
                                                            No. 1, Jinhai Mingyue Garden, No.
                            Securities Branch in Yinjiaqu
233   Ningxia    Yinchuan                                   65 Yinjiaqu North Street, Jinfeng      750004        Liu Zhiwei       0951-6019666
                            North Street, Yinchuan
                                                            District, Yinchuan City, Ningxia
                                                            Hui Autonomous Region
                                                            Room 14102, Building 3, GTland
                            Securities Branch in Jiefang    Plaza, Shangcheng District,
234                                                                                                310004        Yuan Zhen       0571-28002220
                            East Road, Hangzhou             Hangzhou City, Zhejiang
                                                            Province
                                                            Units 02/03/04-1, 13/F above
                 Hangzhou
                                                            ground, Building 9, Huanglong




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                            Securities Branch in Xueyuan    International Center, No.77
235                                                                                                310007        Li Wenhui       0571-87752548
                            Road, Hangzhou                  Xueyuan Road, Cuiyuan Street,
                                                            Xihu District, Hangzhou City,
                                                            Zhejiang Province
                                                            3-29, 3-30, 3-31, 3-32, 3-33, 3-34,
                            Securities Branch in Liuting    No. 230, Liuting Street, Haishu
236                                                                                                 315010      Chen Huang       0574-87023678
                            Street, Ningbo                  District, Ningbo City, Zhejiang
                                                            Province
                  Ningbo                                    Room 1906, No. 1800 Zhongshan
                            Securities Branch in            East Road, Shops No. 223 and No.
237                         Zhongshan East Road,            225 on Songxia Street, Fuming          315000         Li Kedan       0574-28850168
                            Ningbo                          Street, Yinzhou District, Ningbo
                                                            City, Zhejiang Province
                                                            1-2/F, Nos. 656, 658, 660, Qingyun
                            Securities Branch in Qingyun
238               Jinhua                                    Street, Choucheng Street, Yiwu         322000       Wu Hesong        0579-85519698
      Zhejiang              Street, Yiwu




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                            City, Zhejiang Province
                                                            No. 213 (101 & 102), No. 215 (101 &
                            Securities Branch in Fushan,    102) and No. 217 (233, 234 & 236-
239              Shaoxing                                                                          312000      Qiu Honghong      0575-85222928
                            Shaoxing                        241), Huancheng West Road,
                                                            Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                                            Shops 8-13, 1/F, Yangguang
                            Securities Branch in            Building, Xinqiao Village, Jiangbei
240              Wenzhou                                                                           325102       Zheng Keyi       0577-66992188
                            Yangguang Avenue, Yongjia       Sub-district, Yongjia County,
                                                            Zhejiang Province
                                                            No. 353, 1/F of No. 355, 1/F of No.
                                                            357, 1/F of No. 359, Tiyu Road,
                            Securities Branch in Tiyu
241              Zhoushan                                   Qiandao Street, Dinghai District,       316100    Zhang Hangqing     0580-3066008
                            Road, Zhoushan
                                                            Zhoushan City, China (Zhejiang)
                                                            Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                            Room 801, Block 2, Yuanjing
                            Securities Branch in Zhongxin   Center, Baiyun Street, Jiaojiang
242              Taizhou                                                                           318000          Wu Di         0576-89811389
                            Avenue, Taizhou                 District, Taizhou City, Zhejiang
                                                            Province
                                                            Nos. 1115 & 1119, Fanggong Road,
                            Securities Branch in
243               Jiaxing                                   Nanhu District, Jiaxing City,          314000      Wang Guanjie      0573-82862312
                            Fanggong Road, Jiaxing
                                                            Zhejiang Province




                                                                                                                                                  459
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           III.OTHER INFORMATION


          (I) Accounting Firms


                                           Name                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
          Accounting firm engaged by the
                                           Office address                     30/F, 222 Yan An Road East, Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC
           Company(domestic)
                                           Name of the signatory accountant   Hu Xiaojun, Han Jian



                                                                              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Registered PIE Auditor under the Accounting
                                           Name
                                                                               and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
          Accounting firm engaged by the
           Company(Hong Kong)              Office address                     35/F, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong, the PRC

                                           Name of the signatory accountant   Zhu Huaizhong



                                           Name                               Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
          Accounting firm engaged by the
                                           Office address                     30/F, 222 Yan An Road East, Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC
           Company(United Kingdom)
                                           Name of the signatory accountant   Hu Xiaojun




          (II) Legal Advisors


          Legal advisor engaged by the     Name                               King & Wood Mallesons
            Company(domestic)              Office address                     18/F, East Tower, World Financial Center, No. 1 Middle East 3rd Ring Road



          Legal advisor engaged by the     Name                               Clifford Chance
            Company(overseas)              Office address                     27/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong, the PRC




          (III) Share Registrars


                                                                              China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited, Shanghai
                                           Name
          Share registrar for A Share                                          Branch

                                           Office address                     No. 188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai, the PRC



                                           Name                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
          Share registrar for H Share                                         Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai,
                                           Office address
                                                                                Hong Kong, the PRC




460
                                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025
 IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURES INDEX


1.During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on China
Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily and on the
website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn):


No.     Date                                                                   Announcement




                                                                                                                                                                          About Us
 1    2025-01-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2024

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Completion of Change in Industrial and Commercial Registration of Equities of Jiangsu
 2    2025-01-28
                   Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.

 3    2025-02-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended January 31, 2025

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 4    2025-02-22
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

 5    2025-03-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended February 28, 2025

 6    2025-03-15   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Resignation of an Executive Director

 7    2025-03-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)




                                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
 8    2025-03-22   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual Results of 2024

                   2024 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2024 Annual Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2024 Social Responsibility
                   Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fifteenth Meeting of the Sixth




                                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                   Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eleventh Meeting of the Sixth Session of
                   the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms, Announcement
                   on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Estimated
                   Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties for 2025, Report on Performance of Duties by Independent Directors of Huatai Securities
                   Co., Ltd. for 2024, Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024, Internal
 9    2025-03-29
                   Control Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024, Special Opinion from the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the
                   Independence of Independent Directors, Evaluation Report on Performance of Duties by the Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2024
                   of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Report on Performance of Supervisory Duties by the Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2024 of the Audit
                   Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2024 Financial Statements and Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Internal
                   Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024, Special Explanation of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation of Non-
                   operating Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2024, Semi-Annual Report on Implementation of 2024 Action Plan of
                   “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement” of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
 10   2025-04-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended March 31, 2025

 11   2025-04-10   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Estimated Growth for the First Quarter of 2025

 12   2025-04-16   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

                   First Quarterly Report of 2025 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Repurchase and Cancellation
                   of Part of the Restricted A Shares, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling
                   Restriction of the Third Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Announcement by Huatai Securities
 13   2025-04-30   Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixteenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the
                   Resolutions of the Twelfth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on
                   Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the Third Unlocking Period and Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of
                   the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended April 30, 2025,
 14   2025-05-07
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Employee Representative Supervisor

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
 15   2025-05-09
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Release from Selling Restriction of the Third Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share
 16   2025-05-15
                   Incentive Scheme of A Shares and Listing

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term




                                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
 17   2025-05-17
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Notice of Convening 2024 Annual General Meeting and 2025 First A Share Class Meeting by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Documents
 18   2025-05-21   of 2024 Annual General Meeting, 2025 First A Share Class Meeting and 2025 First H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventeenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board

 19   2025-06-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended May 31, 2025

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Science and
 20   2025-06-17
                   Technology Innovation Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 21   2025-06-20
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                 461
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                  Announcement



                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of 2024 Annual General Meeting, 2025 First A Share Class Meeting and
                              2025 First H Share Class Meeting, Legal Opinion from King & Wood Mallesons on 2024 Annual General Meeting, 2025 First A Share Class
                              Meeting and 2025 First H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notice to
           22    2025-06-21
                              Creditors Regarding the Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares to Reduce Registered Capital, Announcement
                              by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Director, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eighteenth
                              Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Administrative License from the People’s Bank of China for the Issuance of
           23    2025-06-25
                              Science and Technology Innovation Bonds

           24    2025-07-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended June 30, 2025

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           25    2025-07-12
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate
           26    2025-07-16
                              Bonds to Professional Investors

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           27    2025-07-24
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           28    2025-08-06   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer
                              on Movements in Securities for the month ended July 31, 2025

           29    2025-08-07   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Equity Annual Equity Distribution for A-shares for 2024

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           30    2025-08-09
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           31    2025-08-14
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
           32    2025-08-20
                              Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           33    2025-08-22   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Interim Results of 2025

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           34    2025-08-26
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           35    2025-08-28
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              2025 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2025 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Nineteenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Thirteenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement on Interim Profit
                              Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2025, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Adjustment to the Repurchase
           36    2025-08-30   Price Applicable to the Restricted A Shares, Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Adjustment to
                              the Repurchase Price under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on Amendments to the Articles of Association, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Accounting
                              Policies, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Semi-annual Report on Implementation of 2025 Action Plan of “Corporate
                              Value And Return Enhancement”

                              H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended August 31, 2025,
           37    2025-09-04   Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Relevant Matters on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of
                              the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Announcement in relation to Implementation of Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of Huatai Securities Co.,
           38    2025-09-09   Ltd., Legal Opinion from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Relevant Matters on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part
                              of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           39    2025-09-10
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Updating and Listing of Overseas Medium-term Notes Plan of Wholly-owned Subsidiary,
           40    2025-09-11   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           41    2025-09-12   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Completion of the Change in Industrial and Commercial Registration of Registered
                              Capital and the Amendments to the Articles of Association, Articles of Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised for the First Time
           42    2025-09-23
                              in 2025), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision of Guarantee to an Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary for Issuance
                              of Medium-term Notes

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision of Guarantee to an Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary for Issuance of
           43    2025-09-26
                              Medium-term Notes

                              Notice of Convening 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting and 2025 Second A Share Class Meeting by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
           44    2025-09-27   Documents of 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting, 2025 Second A Share Class Meeting and 2025 Second H Share Class Meeting of
                              Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

           45    2025-10-09   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended September 30, 2025

                              H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Postponement of the 2025
           46    2025-10-17
                              Second H Share Class Meeting




462
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025
No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



                   nnouncement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting and 2025 Second A Share
47    2025-10-18   Class Meeting, Legal Opinion from King & Wood Mallesons on 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting and 2025 Second A Share Class
                   Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
48    2025-10-23
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Third Quarterly Results of 2025, Announcement by Huatai Securities
49    2025-10-24   Co., Ltd. on Change of the Chairman, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

50    2025-10-25   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of the Chairman of Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of 2025 Second H Share Class Meeting, Articles of Association of Huatai


                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                   Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised for the Second Time in 2025), Rules of Procedure for General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised
51    2025-10-29
                   in 2025), Rules of Procedure of the Board Meetings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2025), Legal Opinions from King & Wood
                   Mallesons on 2025 Second H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Third Quarterly Report of 2025 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the
52    2025-10-31   Twentieth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Terms of Reference of the Committees of the Board of Directors of Huatai Securities
                   Co., Ltd.

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
53    2025-11-05
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended Friday, October 31,
54    2025-11-06
                   2025




                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
55    2025-11-12
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
56    2025-11-13
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee



                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
57    2025-11-19
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
58    2025-11-21
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual
59    2025-11-25
                   Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
60    2025-11-26
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

61    2025-12-02   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of the General Manager of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
62    2025-12-03
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of A-share Interim Equity Distribution for 2025, H Share Announcement
63    2025-12-04
                   of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended November 30, 2025

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
64    2025-12-05
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
65    2025-12-10
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
66    2025-12-11
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
67    2025-12-13
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
68    2025-12-16
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
69    2025-12-17
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
70    2025-12-18
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

71    2025-12-24   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Closure of the Register of Members of H Shares for the 2026 First Extraordinary General Meeting

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
72    2025-12-30
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                463
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2.During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the HKEXnews
          website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk):


           No.       Date                                                                 Announcement



                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2024, Overseas Regulatory
            1    2025-01-06   Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                              Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025
            2    2025-01-07
                              and Delisting for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type 1)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
            3    2025-01-08
                              Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds
           4     2025-01-09
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type 2)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2022 Perpetual
           5     2025-01-20
                              Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2021 Subordinated
           6     2025-01-22   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for
                              2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
            7    2025-01-24
                              Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Completion of Industrial and Commercial
           8     2025-01-27
                              Registration for Equity Change by Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025
           9     2025-02-05   and Delisting for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement on Issuance Results for
                              2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended January 31, 2025, Overseas Regulatory Announcements
           10    2025-02-06   – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional
                              Investors (Fourth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate
            11   2025-02-20   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest
                              Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Type 2)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           12    2025-02-21
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           13    2025-02-25
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           14    2025-02-27
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           15    2025-03-04
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

           16    2025-03-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended February 28, 2025

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           17    2025-03-06
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025
           18    2025-03-07
                              and Delisting for 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           19    2025-03-13
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)

           20    2025-03-14   Resignation of an Executive Director, List of Directors and Their Role and Function

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds
           21    2025-03-17
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)

           22    2025-03-18   Date of Board Meeting

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           23    2025-03-20
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

           24    2025-03-21   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual Results of 2023

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           25    2025-03-24
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)




464
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025
No.     Date                                                                    Announcement



                   Results Announcement for the Year Ended December 31, 2024, Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2024, 2024 Corporate
                   Social Responsibility Report, Semi-Annual Report on Implementation of 2024 Action Plan of “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement”,
                   Proposed Change of Non-Executive Director and Adjustment to the Composition Plan of the Special Committees of the Board, List of
                   Directors and Their Role and Function, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – 2024 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2024
                   Annual Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fifteenth
                   Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eleventh Meeting of the
                   Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms,
                   Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
26    2025-03-28
                   Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties for 2025, Report on Performance of Duties by Independent Directors of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024, Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024,
                   Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024, Special Opinions from the Board of Huatai Securities Co.,



                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
                   Ltd. on the Independence of Independent Directors, Evaluation Report on Performance of Duties by the Annual Audit Accounting Firm
                   for 2024 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Report on Performance of Supervisory Duties by the Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2024 of the
                   Audit Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2024 Financial Statements and Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
                   Annual Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2024, Special Explanation of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation
                   of Non-operating Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2024

27    2025-04-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended March 31, 2025

28    2025-04-09   Announcement on the Estimated Growth for the First Quarter of 2025

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
29    2025-04-11
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                   Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate
30    2025-04-15
                   Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025
31    2025-04-22   and Delisting for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second tranche), Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025
                   Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
32    2025-04-23
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                   2024 Annual Report, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-
33    2025-04-28
                   registered Holders

                   First Quarterly Report of 2025, Announcement in relation to Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares, Overseas
                   Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling
                   Restriction of the Third Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Announcement by Huatai Securities
34    2025-04-29   Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixteenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the
                   Resolutions of the Twelfth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on
                   Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the Third Unlocking Period and Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                   the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate
                   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest
35    2025-04-30
                   Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 2), Announcement by Huatai Securities
                   Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025 and Delisting for 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds

                   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended April 30, 2025, Change of Employee Representative
36    2025-05-07
                   Supervisor

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
37    2025-05-08
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Science and Technology Innovation Subordinated
                   Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
38    2025-05-12   on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025 and Delisting for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Third
                   tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional
                   Investors (Third tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Science and Technology Innovation Subordinated
39    2025-05-13
                   Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Release from Selling Restriction of the Third
40    2025-05-14
                   Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and Listing




                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
41    2025-05-16
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds
42    2025-05-19
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche) (Type 2)

                   Notice of 2024 AGM, Notice of the 2025 First H Share Class Meeting, Circular of 2024 Annual General Meeting, Form of Proxy of Holders
                   of H Shares for Use at the AGM to be Held on June 20, 2025, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2025 First H Share Class
                   Meeting to be Held on June 20, 2025, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request
43    2025-05-20
                   Form to Non-registered Holders, Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 (Update), Proposed Election of Executive Director,
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventeenth Meeting of
                   the Sixth Session of the Board

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
44    2025-05-22
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities
45    2025-05-26
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                   465
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                Announcement



                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025
           46    2025-06-03
                              and Delisting for 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche) (Type 1)

           47    2025-06-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended May 31, 2025

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Registration Approval from China
           48    2025-06-17
                              Securities Regulatory Commission for Public Issuance of Science and Technology Innovation Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           49    2025-06-19
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Poll Results of 2024 Annual General Meeting, 2025 First A Share Class Meeting and 2025 First H Share Class Meeting; Distribution of
                              Final Dividend; Change of Non-Executive Director and Election of Executive Director; and Adjustment to the Composition Plan of the
                              Special Committees of the Board, List of Directors and Their Role and Function, Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2024
                              (Update), Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on 2024 Annual General Meeting, 2025
           50    2025-06-20
                              First A Share Class Meeting and 2025 First H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd. on Notice to Creditors Regarding the Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares to Reduce Registered
                              Capital, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eighteenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board,
                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Director

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Administrative License from the
           51    2025-06-24
                              People’s Bank of China for the Issuance of Science and Technology Innovation Bonds

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2022 Perpetual
           52    2025-07-02   Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025
                              Principal and Interest Payment and Delisting for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 1),

           53    2025-07-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended June 30, 2025

                              The final dividend for 2024 is RMB0.37 per share (2024 final dividend). Dividend currency selection table, Overseas Regulatory
                              Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According
           54    2025-07-11
                              to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement on Issuance Price for 2025 Short-
                              term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche) (Re-issuance)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on the Approval from the China Securities Regulatory Commission for the Public
           55    2025-07-15   Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-
                              term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche) (Re-issuance)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           56    2025-07-21
                              Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
           57    2025-07-23
                              Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           58    2025-07-24   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement on Coupon
                              Rate of 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
           59    2025-07-28
                              Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           60    2025-08-01
                              Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche)

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended July 31, 2025, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –
                              Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
           61    2025-08-05   Investors (Sixth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance
                              According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement on Coupon Rate of
                              2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on 2024 Annual A-Share Equity Distribution Implementation of Huatai Securities
           62    2025-08-06
                              Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
           63    2025-08-07
                              Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           64    2025-08-08
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           65    2025-08-13   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement on Coupon
                              Rate of 2025 Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results of 2025 Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional
           66    2025-08-15   Investors (First tranche) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025
                              Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on 2025 Principal and Interest Payment and Delisting of 2024 Short-term
           67    2025-08-18   Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche), Announcement on 2025 Interest
                              Payment of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche)

                              Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
                              Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee,
           68    2025-08-19
                              Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
                              Investors (Eighth tranche)

           69    2025-08-21   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Interim Results of 2025

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Price of 2025 Short-Term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           70    2025-08-22
                              Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type II) (Re-issuance)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           71    2025-08-25
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




466
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on the Issuance Results of 2025 Short-Term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
72    2025-08-26   Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type II) (Re-issuance), Announcement on Issuance Price
                   of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche) (Type I) (Re-issuance)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
73    2025-08-27
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche) (Type I) (Re-issuance), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
74    2025-08-28
                   Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025 and Delisting for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth
                   Tranche)

                   Announcement of Interim Results for the Six Months Ended 30 June 2025, Announcement on Adjustment of the Repurchase Price of



                                                                                                                                                                        About Us
                   A-share Restricted Shares, Proposed Amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company, Interim Dividend for the Six Months
                   Ended 30 June 2025, Semi-annual Report on the Implementation of the 2025 “Improving Quality, Efficiency and Return” Action Plan,
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – 2025 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2025 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co.,
                   Ltd., Summary of 2025 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement of Resolutions of the 19th Meeting of the 6th Board
75    2025-08-29   of Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement of Resolutions of the 13th Meeting of the 6th Board of Supervisors of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on the 2025 Interim Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on Changes
                   in Accounting Policies by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Legal Opinion on Adjustment of the Repurchase Price in Relation to the A-share
                   Restricted Share Equity Incentive Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. issued by King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing), Announcement on the
                   Issuance Price of the Re-issuance of the 2025 Public Offering of Short-term Corporate Bonds (Fifth tranche) for Professional Investors by
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on 2025 Interest Payment of 2021 Public Offering of Corporate Bonds (Seventh
                   tranche) (Tranche II) for Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on 2025 Interest Payment of 2023 Public




                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
76    2025-09-01   Offering of Perpetual Subordinated Bonds (First tranche) for Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on the
                   Issuance Results of the Re issuance of the 2025 Public Offering of Short term Corporate Bonds (Fifth tranche) for Professional Investors
                   by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
77    2025-09-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended August 31, 2025

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on 2025 Principal and Interest Payment and Delisting of 2022 Corporate Bonds
78    2025-09-04
                   of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                   Announcement in relation to Implementation of Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares, Overseas Regulatory
                   Announcements – Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Relevant Matters on Repurchase and
79    2025-09-08   Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
                   Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors
                   (Second tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
80    2025-09-09
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2021 Perpetual
                   Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly
81    2025-09-10   Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing
                   Guarantee, Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
                   Investors (Second tranche)

82    2025-09-11   Next Day Disclosure Return

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issue Price of 2025 Corporate Bonds Publicly
83    2025-09-12
                   Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche) (Type 2) (Reissuance)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds
84    2025-09-15
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 1)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds
85    2025-09-16
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche) (Type 2) (Reissuance)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
86    2025-09-17
                   Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds
87    2025-09-18   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche), Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                   Announcement on Completion of the Change in Industrial and Commercial Registration of Registered Capital and the Amendments




                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                   to the Articles of Association, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results
88    2025-09-22   for 2025 Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                   Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary
                   Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issue Price of 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly
89    2025-09-23
                   Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 2) (Reissuance)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds
90    2025-09-24
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 2) (Reissuance)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
91    2025-09-25
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                               467
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                Announcement



                              2025 Interim Report, 2025 Interim Profit Distribution Plan, Relevant Matters on the Amendments to the Articles of Association,
                              Amendments to the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings, Amendments to the Rules of Procedures for the Board of Directors and
                              Dissolution of the Supervisory Committee, Notice of the 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Notice of the 2025 Second H Share
                              Class Meeting, Notice of the 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting, Notice of the 2025 Second H Share Class Meeting, Form of Proxy of
           92    2025-09-26
                              Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting to be Held on October 17, 2025, Form of Proxy of Holders of H
                              Shares for Use at the 2025 Second H Share Class Meeting to be Held on October 17, 2025, Interim Dividend for Six Month Ended June 30,
                              2025 (Update), Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-registered
                              Holders

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025
                              and Delisting for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai
           93    2025-09-29   Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025 and Delisting for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued
                              to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025
                              and Delisting for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

           94    2025-10-08   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended September 30, 2025

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds
           95    2025-10-09
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 2)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2025
                              Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025
           96    2025-10-13
                              Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 2), Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second
                              tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2022 Perpetual
                              Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance
           97    2025-10-14
                              Results for 2025 Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche), Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025
                              Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche)

                              Date of Board Meeting, Announcement on the Postponement of the 2025 Second H Share Class Meeting, Overseas Regulatory
           98    2025-10-16   Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to
                              Professional Investors (Eighth tranche)

                              Poll Results of the 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting and the 2025 Second A Share Class Meeting; Distribution of Interim Dividend;
                              and Dissolution of the Supervisory Committee, Interim Dividend for Six Month Ended June 30, 2025 (Update), Overseas Regulatory
           99    2025-10-17
                              Announcement – Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the 2025 First Extraordinary General Meeting and the 2025 Second A
                              Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate
           100   2025-10-21   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 2), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest
                              Payment for 2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           101   2025-10-22
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
           102   2025-10-23
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Chairman of Huatai Futures Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the
                              Third Quarterly Results of 2025

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Chairman of Huatai Securities
           103   2025-10-24
                              (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                              Poll Results of the 2025 Second H Share Class Meeting; and Approval and Effectiveness of the Articles of Association, Overseas
                              Regulatory Announcements – Rules of Procedures for General Meetings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2025), Rules of
           104   2025-10-28
                              Procedures for the Board of Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., (Revised in 2025), Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the
                              2025 Second H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Third Quarterly Report of 2025, Terms of Reference of the Committees of the Board of Directors, Overseas Regulatory Announcements
                              – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twentieth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board,
                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025 and Delisting for 2025 Short-term
           105   2025-10-30   Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                              2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by
                              Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth tranche)
                              (Type 2)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           106   2025-11-04
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended October 31, 2025, Announcement by Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025 and Delisting for 2020 Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional
           107   2025-11-05   Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025 and Delisting
                              for 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche) (Type 2), Announcement on Coupon
                              Rate of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche)

                              Currency Election Form for the Interim Dividend of RMB0.15 per Share for 2025 (the “2025 Interim Dividend”), Overseas Regulatory
           108   2025-11-07   Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                              Professional Investors (Ninth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           109   2025-11-10
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)




468
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025
No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
110   2025-11-11   Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third
                   tranche), Announcement on Issuance Results for 2025 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
                   Investors (Fifth tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
111   2025-11-12
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds
112   2025-11-14
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 2)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
113   2025-11-18


                                                                                                                                                                        About Us
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2024 Perpetual
114   2025-11-19
                   Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
115   2025-11-20
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
116   2025-11-21
                   Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the
117   2025-11-24   Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors, Announcement on Issuance
                   Results for 2025 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting



                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
118   2025-11-25
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of General Manager of Huatai Futures
119   2025-12-01
                   Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
120   2025-12-02
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2025, Overseas Regulatory
                   Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of the 2025 Interim A Share Equity Distribution,
121   2025-12-03
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025 and Delisting for 2022 Corporate Bonds
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 1)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
122   2025-12-04
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2025 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds
123   2025-12-05




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 2)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
124   2025-12-09
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
125   2025-12-10
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
126   2025-12-12
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
127   2025-12-15
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
128   2025-12-16
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
129   2025-12-17
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
130   2025-12-19
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche)

                   Closure of Register of Members of H Shares for the 2026 First Extraordinary General Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –
131   2025-12-23   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2025 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional
                   Investors (Ninth tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
132   2025-12-29
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Proposed Appointment of Members of the Seventh Session of the Board, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered
                   Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-registered Holders, Election of Members of the Seventh Session of the Board,
                   Grant of General Mandate to Issue Shares and the Notice of the 2026 First Extraordinary General Meeting, Notice of the 2026 First
                   Extraordinary General Meeting, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2026 First Extraordinary General Meeting to be Held
133   2025-12-31   on January 23, 2026, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Statement and Undertaking of Nominator of Independent Directors of
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Statement and Undertaking of Candidate for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Opinions
                   from Nomination Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Independent Non-executive
                   Directors of the Seventh Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-first Meeting
                   of the Sixth Session of the Board




                                                                                                                                                               469
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the website of
          the London Stock Exchange (www.londonstockexchange.com):


           No.       Date                                                           Announcement



            1    2025-03-17   RESIGNATION OF AN EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, LIST OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION

                              2024 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT, 2024 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT, PROPOSED CHANGE OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, LIST
           2     2025-03-28
                              OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION

           3     2025-04-09   ESTIMATED GROWTH FOR THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2025

           4     2025-04-28   2024 ANNUAL REPORT

           5     2025-04-29   FIRST QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2025, REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF PART OF A SHARES

           6     2025-05-07   CHANGE OF EMPLOYEE REPRESENTATIVE SUPERVISOR

            7    2025-05-20   NOTICE OF AGM AND 2025 FIRST A SHARE CLASS MEETING, PROPOSED ELECTION OF EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

           8     2025-06-20   POLL RESULTS OF 2024 ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING, LIST OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION

           9     2025-08-06   IMPLEMENTATION OF DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION FOR 2024

                              PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, INTERIM RESULTS ANNOUNCEMENT, ADJUSTMENT TO THE REPURCHASE PRICE OF A
           10    2025-08-29
                              SHARES

           11    2025-09-08   REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF PART OF A SHARES

           12    2025-09-22   COMPLETION OF THE CHANGE OF REGISTERED CAPITAL, NOTICE OF NOTES LISTING, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

           13    2025-09-25   NOTICE OF NOTES LISTING

           14    2025-09-26   NOTICE OF EGM & 2025 SECOND A SHARE CLASS MEETING, 2025 INTERIM REPORT

           15    2025-10-17   POLL RESULTS OF 2025 FIRST EGM AND 2025 SECOND ACM

           16    2025-10-28   POLL RESULTS OF 2025 SECOND HCM, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

           17    2025-10-30   THIRD QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2025. TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

           18    2025-12-03   INTERIM EQUITY DISTRIBUTION FOR 2025

           19    2025-12-31   NOTICE OF 2026 FIRST EGM




470
