 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IMPORTANT NOTICE
          I. The Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
          undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete and contains no false record,
          misleading statement or material omission, and assume individual and joint legal liabilities to the information in this
          report.

          II. This report was considered and approved at the twenty-first meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company.

          III. Director(s) absent from the meeting
          Position of absent Director         Name of absent Director            Reasons for absence              Name of proxy
          Director                            Chen Yongbing                      Business engagement              Ding Feng
          Director                            Hu Xiao                            Business engagement              Zhang Wei
          Director                            Wang Tao                           Business engagement              Zhang Wei


          IV. None of the Directors and Supervisors had objections towards this report.

          V. The annual financial report prepared in accordance with the CASBE and the IFRS was audited by KPMG Huazhen LLP and
          KPMG, respectively, which issued a standard unqualified audit report to the Company.

          VI. Zhang Wei, the person in charge of the Company, Jiao Xiaoning, the person in charge of accounting, and Fei Lei,
          the officer in charge of the accounting office of the Company (head of accounting department), hereby warrant and
          guarantee that the financial report contained in the annual report is true, accurate and complete.

          VII. The profit distribution proposal or the reserve capitalization proposal for the Reporting Period have been considered
          and approved by the Board.

          According to the 2021 annual financial statements of the Company, the net profit of the Parent Company for 2021 reached
          RMB8,588,552,010.70. According to relevant provisions of the Company Law, Securities Law, Financial Rules for Financial
          Enterprises (《金融企業財務規則》) and the Articles of Association, the Company had appropriated 10% statutory surplus
          reserve, 10% general risk reserve and 10% trading risk reserve of RMB2,576,565,603.21 in total, after which the profit available
          for distribution for the year was RMB6,011,986,407.49. Taking into account the balance of undistributed profit in previous
          years, the accumulated profit available for distribution to investors as at the end of 2021 was RMB20,003,532,244.85.

          According to relevant requirements of the CSRC, gains arising from the fair value changes in distributable profit of securities
          companies shall not be used for cash distribution to shareholders. As at the end of December 2021, the accumulated fair
          value changes in distributable profit of the Parent Company were RMB1,911,124,925.20, after deduction of which as required,
          the profit of the Parent Company available for distribution to investors in cash amounted to RMB18,092,407,319.65.

          After comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the development of the Company,
          the 2021 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:

          1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the Company’s existing total
          share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting 45,278,495 shares deposited in the special account for securities
          repurchase and 1,060,973 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled (i.e. on the basis of 9,030,310,532 shares), with the total
          cash dividend of RMB4,063,639,739.40 (tax inclusive), representing 30.45% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the
          Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2021.

          According to relevant provisions of the Guidelines of Self-regulation of Companies Listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 7
          – Repurchase of Shares (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 7 號－回購股份》), the amount of share repurchases effected
          by a company in a year shall be deemed as cash dividends and be counted in the calculation of the cash dividend
          payout ratio for the year. Accordingly, based on the amount of share repurchases effected by the Company for 2021 of
          RMB48,959,144.00 (excluding transaction costs), the total cash dividend amounted to RMB4,112,598,883.40, representing
          30.81% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2021.

          If the total share capital of the Company changes as a result of repurchase and cancellation of shares granted in the
          equity incentive during the period from the disclosure date of this proposal to the record date of the implementation of




004
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
the dividend distribution, the Company intends to maintain the distribution ratio per share unchanged and adjust the total
distribution accordingly. The remaining profits available for distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.

2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the depositary of GDRs)
and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding the investors of Southbound Trading)
in HKD. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be calculated at the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB against
HKD issued by the PBOC five business days prior to the date of the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

VIII. Forward-looking statements including future plans and development strategies involved in this annual report do not
constitute the Company’s substantive commitments to investors. The investors are advised to pay attention to investment
risks.

IX. There is no non-operating misappropriation of funds of the Company by any controlling shareholders and their related                     About Us
parties during the Reporting Period.

X. The Company has not provided any external guarantees in violation of the stipulated decision-making procedures
during the Reporting Period.

XI. During the Reporting Period, there exists no such circumstance that more than half of the Directors could not guarantee
the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of the annual report disclosed by the Company.




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
XII. The report is prepared by the Company in both Chinese and English. In the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese
version shall prevail.




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
XIII. Warning on Major Risks

General economic and political conditions such as macroeconomy and monetary policies, laws and regulations
influencing financial and securities industries, rising and falling trends in commercial and financial industries, inflation,
exchange rate fluctuations, availability of long and short-term market capital sources, funds raising costs and interest rate
levels and fluctuations may have an impact on the Company’s business. Besides, like other companies in the securities
industry, inherent risks in the securities market, such as market volatility and trading volume, may also affect the Company’s
business. The Company cannot guarantee the sustainability of favorable politics, economy and market conditions.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Main risks in business operation faced by the Company include: policy risks from national macro-control measures,
changes in laws, regulations, relevant regulatory policies and transaction rules in securities industry, which will adversely
influence the business of securities companies; compliance risks from business management or professional activities
violating laws, regulations or codes, which cause the Company being punished by laws, being taken regulatory measures,
suffering from property loss or reputation loss; legal risks from failure to abide by provisions and requirements in laws and
regulations, which make the Company face litigations, compensation, and fines and suffer from loss; market risks from
fluctuations in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices, commodity prices, etc.), which make the Company
suffer from loss in assets; credit risks from default of products or debt issuers or counterparties (customers), which make the
Company suffer from loss; liquidity risks from inability to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable cost to pay matured debts,
fulfil other payment obligations and satisfy the capital needs for normal business; information and technology risks such as
various technical failure or data leakage of the Company’s information system from internal and external reasons, which




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
consequently cause loss as the information system is impossible to guarantee the stability, high-efficiency and safety of
transactions and business management in business realization, response speed, processing capacity, data encryption and
so on; operational risks from incomplete or problematic internal procedures, personnel or systems or external incidents,




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
which cause loss; reputation risks from business operation, management and other behaviors or external incidents which
lead to negative judgement on the Company from relevant media; money laundering risk from the utilization of the
Company’s products or services by criminals to engage in money laundering activities which lead to negative effects
on the Company’s legal, reputation, compliance, operation and other aspects. Besides, with the advancement of the
Company’s internationalization strategy, the Company’s business will enter the United States, the United Kingdom, Hong
Kong and other countries and regions, and the Company will face more complex market environment and regulatory
requirements.




                                                                                                                                    005
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          DEFINITIONS
          In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the meanings set forth below:


          DEFINITIONS OF CAPITALIZED TERMS AND EXPRESSIONS

                                                            domestic share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00
          A Share(s)
                                                            each, which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and traded in RMB

          AoP                                               Assets on Platform

          APP                                               application

                                                            the articles of association of the Company, as amended, supplemented or otherwise
          Articles of Association
                                                            modified from time to time

          AssetMark                                         AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.

          Bank of Jiangsu                                   Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限公司 )

          Board or Board of Directors                       the board of Directors of the Company

          Beijing Stock Exchange                            the Beijing Stock Exchange ( 北京證券交易所 )

          CASBE                                             the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises ( 中國企業會計準則 )

          China or the PRC                                  the People’s Republic of China

          China Southern Asset Management                   China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限 公司 )

          Communications Holding                            Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 )

                                                            Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《 中華人民共和國公司法》), as amended
          Company Law
                                                            from time to time

                                                            an index consisting of 300 index sample stocks which are most representative selected
          CSI 300 Index                                     by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange jointly with the
                                                            scale and liquidity as the basic standards

          CSRC                                              the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( 中國證券監督管理委員會 )

          Director(s)                                       director(s) of the Company

          FICC                                              fixed income, currency and commodity

          Fintech                                           financial technology

                                                            a business activity in which securities firms, as commissioned by futures companies,
          Future IB Business                                introduce clients to participate in futures transactions of futures companies and
                                                            provide other related services

          GDR                                               global depository receipt

          Govtor Capital                                    Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 )

          Group, Our Group, we or us                        the Company and its subsidiaries, and their respective predecessors

                                                            Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信集團有限公司 , formerly known as
                                                            Jiangsu Guoxin Asset Management Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信資產管理集團有限公司 ))
          Guoxin Group

                                                            foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00
          H Share(s)
                                                            each, which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and traded in HK dollars

          HKEX                                              Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited ( 香港交易及結算所有限公司 )

          HK$, HKD or HK dollars                            the lawful currency of Hong Kong

          Hong Kong                                         the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

          Hong Kong Stock Exchange                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( 香港聯合交易所有限公司 )

                                                            a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability under the corporate
                                                            name 华泰证券股份有限公司 (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.), converted from our predecessor
                                                            华泰证券有限责任公司 (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company) on December 7, 2007,
                                                            carrying on business in Hong Kong as “HTSC”, and was registered as a registered non-
                                                            Hong Kong company under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance under the Chinese
                                                            approved name of “ 華泰六八八六股份有限公司 ” and English name of “Huatai Securities
          HTSC, Huatai Securities, our Company,
          Company or Parent Company
                                                            Co., Ltd.”; the H Shares of which have been listed on the main board of Hong Kong Stock
                                                            Exchange since June 1, 2015 (Stock Code: 6886); the A Shares of which have been listed
                                                            on the SSE since February 26, 2010 (Stock Code: 601688); and the global depository
                                                            receipts of which have been listed on the London Stock Exchange plc since June 2019
                                                            (Symbol: HTSC), unless the context otherwise requires, including its predecessor

                                                            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產管理有限
                                                            公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
          Huatai Asset Management

                                                            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 ), a wholly-
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                            owned subsidiary of Huatai International

          Huatai Futures                                    Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. ( 華泰期貨有限公司 ), a holding subsidiary of the Company




006
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華泰創新投資有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary
Huatai Innovative Investment
                                           of the Company

                                           Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公司 ), a
Huatai International
                                           wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

Huatai-PineBridge                          Huatai-PineBridge Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰柏瑞基金管理有限公司 )

                                           Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華泰紫金投資有限責任公司 ), a wholly-owned
Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                           subsidiary of the Company

                                           Huatai Securities (USA), Inc. ( 華泰證券（美國）有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Huatai Securities (USA)
                                           Huatai International

                                           Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. ( 華泰聯合證券有限責任公司 ), a holding subsidiary of the
Huatai United Securities
                                           Company


                                                                                                                                               About Us
IFRS                                       the International Financial Reporting Standards

IPO                                        the initial public offering

IT                                         information technology

                                           Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權交易中心有限責任公司 ), a holding subsidiary
Jiangsu Equity Exchange
                                           of the Company

                                           State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
                                           Government ( 江蘇省政府國有資產監督管理委員會 )
Jiangsu SASAC

Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC ( 中國證監會江蘇監管局 )

                                           the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Listing Rules or Hong Kong Listing Rules
                                           Limited (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

London Stock Exchange plc or LSE           the London Stock Exchange plc ( 倫敦證券交易所 )




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                           the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
Model Code
                                           Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

MSCI                                       Morgan Stanley Capital International Index

NEEQ                                       the National Equities Exchange and Quotations for medium and small-sized enterprises

NMAU                                       the number of monthly active users

OTC                                        over-the-counter

PBOC                                       the People’s Bank of China

QDII                                       qualified domestic institutional investor




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
QFII                                       qualified foreign institutional investor

Reporting Period                           the year ended December 31, 2021

                                           the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
Securities and Futures Ordinance or SFO
                                           amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

SFC                                        the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ( 香港證券及期貨事務監察委員會 )

                                           Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Services Co., Ltd.( 上海新世紀資信評估投資服
                                           務有限公司 )
Shanghai Brilliance

Shanghai Clearing House                    the Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd. ( 銀行間市場清算所股份有限公司 )

Shanghai Stock Exchange or SSE             the Shanghai Stock Exchange ( 上海證券交易所 )

Shenzhen Stock Exchange                    the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ( 深圳證券交易所 )




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                           an index consisting of 50 index sample stocks with large scale and good liquidity, which
SSE 50 Index                               are most representative in the securities market of Shanghai selected by the Shanghai
                                           Stock Exchange

SSF                                        the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC ( 全國社會保障基金理事會 )




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
STAR Market                                science and technology innovation board of the SSE

Supervisor(s)                              supervisor(s) of the Company

Supervisory Committee                      the supervisory committee of the Company

                                           Turn-key Asset Management Platform, a technological platform providing services
TAMP                                       such as investment products and strategies, assets portfolio management, customer
                                           relationship management and asset custody, as well as corporate operation

USD, US$ or US dollar                      the lawful currency of the United States of America

VAR                                        value at risk

                                           Wind Information Co., Ltd. ( 萬 得 資 訊 技 術 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a service provider of financial
Wind Information
                                           data, information and software in Mainland China

%                                          per cent.


In the 2021 Annual Report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding; and
any discrepancies in the change percentages of an item are due to the difference of currency unit of the item.




                                                                                                                                      007
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CEO'S LETTER




          Dear Shareholders:                                                     the securities industry, Huatai constantly reshapes itself under
                                                                                 the wave of digitalism. It directly faces the pain points in its
          Times are like fire and test gold. The COVID-19 epidemic still         development and breaks through path reliance to explore
          raged globally in the past year and the external environment           more new paths and new opportunities in the development of
          became increasingly complicated and severe. Meanwhile,                 the industry in the future. The technology-empowered “two-
          the new round of technology and industrial revolution never            pronged” development strategy of wealth management and
          stopped advancing forward and the capital market under                 institutional services provides strong driving forces for us to
          the registration-based IPO system sped up in transformation            make breakthroughs in the industry. Standing at a higher
          towards a mature market. In the era with challenges and                starting point, Huatai will more resolutely advance towards
          uncertainties, all staff of Huatai maintained our resilience           self-iteration and lead the reform in the future again with an
          and forged ahead with courage. We devoted to current                   open concept and the new model of platform-based and
          development and explored opportunities. We also braved in              ecological operation.
          transcending the moment to embrace the new future at a new
          height.
                                                                                 Achieving value creation by facilitating customers’
          During our responses to the wave of digitalization, we always          success
          remain true to our original aspirations to create value for
          customers and achieve common growth with customers. We                 In the times with various uncertainties and fluctuations in
          vigorously developed “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 )              market sentiment, we profoundly sensed the strong demands
          when the mobile Internet was in full swing nine years ago and          of customers for professional financial service capabilities.
          led the historical reform of the retail business in the industry.      Despites market changes, Huatai remained true to its original
          We firstly initiated the full digital transformation three years ago   aspirations and missions to create long-term value for
          and unswervingly transformed business and management                   customers and achieve common growth with customers by
          models. We promote technology empowerment from partial                 gathering platform resources and focusing on the origin of
          breakthroughs to overall coverage and speed up in unleashing           serving customers to tide over difficulties with our customers.
          the energy of the platform-based operation. As more and
          more customers consider Huatai as the prioritized institute            Facing the h u g e a n d d i v e r s i f i e d i n d i v i d u a l c u s t o m e r
          for continuous services, the ideal on empowering customers             groups with 20 million people, we have been considering
          through platforms is gradually coming true. Our overall                how to make “personalized” professional financial
          business performance set a historical high in the previous             services possible. As a result, we have established the dual-
          year and our comprehensive domestic and overseas strength              platform service ecosystem with “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲
          soundly ranked in the forefront of the industry. As of the end of      樂 財 富 通 ) and “AORTA” ( 聊 TA) to empower customers on
          2021, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB806,651 million         one end and empower investment consultants on the other,
          and total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company           and build lifecycle services changing with time. The newly-
          amounted to RMB148,423 million. In 2021, the Group recorded            released “ZhangLe Fortune Path 8.0” ( 漲樂財富通 8.0) achieved
          revenue and other income of RMB51,926 million and a profit             breakthroughs and attempted to perceive and respond
          for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company of            to customer demands more acutely and agilely through
          RMB13,346 million.                                                     personalized posting of diversified contents and refined
                                                                                 operation, so that “warm” and “prompt” services can be
          The figures in financial reports only represent the past               delivered directly. “AORTA” rapidly improved the “capabilities”
          achievements. In the times with uncertainties, the biggest             of investment consultants through series of utility tools and
          certainty we can seize is to maintain the focus on common              matched appropriate and outstanding investment consultants
          growth with customers, keep the vitality on synergizing with the       for more high-quality customers. With our unremitting efforts
          market and continuously evolve in self-iterations. We deeply           in creating new value for customers, we have won long-term
          believe that there are no shortcuts in building a world-class          trust from more high-quality customer groups.
          investment bank and the pursuit for creating differentiated
          value is an endless process. In the environment full of changes,       The demands of institutional customer groups showed an
          advantages will be replaced by trends. Today’s fences will             increasingly comprehensive, customized and cross-border
          become barriers tomorrow if we “lie flat”. As a participant in         trend. Internally, we broke through barriers on organizational
                                                                                 and service capabilities and integrated resources in the whole




008
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
business chain covering investment banking, research, trading         China, which will become the base for the Group’s investment
and securities lending. Externally, we continued to establish the     research capability in the future. Leveraging on the platform-
“Xing Zhi” ( 行 知 ) platform for institutional investors, the global   based operation, we will also conduct the organic integration
unified trading platform and the business platform for various        of various capabilities on research, pricing, trading and
institutional services to provide customers with integrated           product creation and accurately output them to individual and
financial solutions and constantly expand and deepen the              institutional customer service systems.
ecosystem of financial institutions and corporate customers.
After over two years of iteration, the “Xing Zhi” platform has        Platforms full of vitality are characterized by capabilities
established a new efficient and interactive bridge among              on breaking business barriers and connecting data islands
investors, listed companies and experts in industries and             horizontally, achieving empowerment, reducing burdens and
formed a leading institutional service brand in the industry. As      promoting coordinated and synergistic development vertically
the first securities lending and trading platform in the market,      and improving the operation efficiency. “Openness” is the due
the “Securities Lending Path” ( 融 券 通 ) was upgraded again            meaning in the development of platforms. No matter for our
last year, which not only efficiently linked more upstream and        customer platforms or the “Securities Lending Path”, the big


                                                                                                                                                  About Us
downstream securities borrowing and lending institutions              trading platform for the FICC business and other business
but also provided more customers with more efficient and              platforms, the credit analysis and management and other
transparent services through the open and sharing platform            capability middle offices and even our digital employees
resources and information. The market share of our securities         and other guarantee platforms, we adhere to the concept
lending business has increased by over 20% by the end of the          of openness and security to cooperate with more customers
previous year. To meet customers’ comprehensive demands               and strategic partners in the operation of new scenarios, the
for global asset allocation and hedging transactions, our             improvement of new technologies and the iteration of new
institutional business has gradually expanded from the                capabilities. Huatai wishes to build high-level ecosystems with
Mainland to Hong Kong and the US and mastered the changes             business and data interactions together with its customers and
in customer demands in Southbound and Northbound Tradings             strategic partners to drive data with businesses and empower
through leveraging on the cross-border and integrated                 businesses with data.
linkage. Our derivatives business and cross-border business



                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
maintained the leading position in the industry. As an important
                                                                      Developing more extensive influence through sustainable
link for serving corporate customers, the investment banking
                                                                      development
business deeply explored in key industries representing the



                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
orientation of China’s economic development and continuously          Huatai Securities, in its 30s and bearing the expectations of
served leading enterprises in industries to achieve common            various parties, has never profoundly felt that the sustainable
growth with new leading enterprises in the future. It ranked the      development is closely connected to the growth of each of
top place in the industry in terms of the scale of the stocks and     our organizations and individuals like this. Our sustainable
bonds underwriting business.                                          development depends on the fully unleashing of innovation
                                                                      vitality by over 14,000 employees. Nearly 1/3 of Huatai’s
                                                                      employees were born in the 1990s and a group of young
Achieving breakthroughs in development boundaries
                                                                      people have stood out after endeavors in the market.
with data and platforms                                               Meanwhile, the extensive application of digital employees will
The financial industry is a ship sailing on the ocean of data.        free more employees from simple and repeated work and
How to understand the law of big data and build the internal          allow them to focus on innovative work for the better display




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
logic of big data is crucial in determining the course of the         of their gifts. Under an open and inclusive cultural atmosphere,
ship. Data coordination and reshaping and vitalizing data             each of Huatai employees with creativity, resilience and sense
with technology are pain points and difficulties in the digital       of responsibility is “shining” in different industries.
transformation of the industry. On the basis of promoting data
                                                                      The ESG (environmental, social and governance) has become
governance, Huatai advanced the enhancement of data
                                                                      a new benchmark on fully improving the healthy development
capabilities through platform-based and ecological models
                                                                      of Huatai. We established the sustainable development
and enabled us to better serve our customers and the market
                                                                      strategy on “finance + technology + green”, guided capital and
with data as the engine.
                                                                      sci-tech input in charity and allowed such values to penetrate
We have comprehensively upgraded the data middle office               into the routine work of each staff. We have developed a more
into the intelligent middle office, conducted the organic             complete ESG governance system, incorporated ESG into the
integration of big data capability and artificial intelligence        risk control mechanism, aligned consensus across business
technology and built the product matrix covering intelligent          lines and practiced the principle of responsible investment to
recommendation, intelligent public opinions and intelligent           support the development of green industries through direct
trading through gathering massive data on market                      financing and equity investment. We sponsored a foundation
                                                                      on charity with donations in the end of the previous year,




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
conditions, industries and enterprises, allowing personalized
recommendation services and investment consulting services            through which we wished to gather various capitals and
to fully cover individual clients and professional data services      professional advantages and focus on rural revitalization,
and intelligent services to fully extend to institutional clients.    green development and other key industries to contribute new
Meanwhile, the capability of the intelligent platform has been        solutions to sustainable development. With our outstanding




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
continuously enhanced by businesses in the high-frequent              performance in relevant industries, our MSCI ESG rating was
interactions. It has constantly accumulated business data,            raised to level A in the previous year, the highest level among
improved the knowledge graph and become a guide for us to             domestic securities companies.
accompany our customers in depth.
                                                                      The global pattern has been speeding up in reshaping in
In the times of artificial intelligence, data accumulate on           an unprecedented manner since this year. For Huatai, it is
platforms while platforms continuously expand and upgrade             extremely important to keep respectful with responsibilities
their capabilities and achieve spiral growth through self-            in mind, maintain the continuous “creativity” from 0 to 1 and
iterations on the basis of data. Our credit analysis and              the continuous “motivation” from 1 to 10 and create value
management platform has completed the full coverage                   for customers through platform empowerment. Facing the
of intelligent grading and reports on 29 industries and               upcoming wave of reform and the orientation of the surging
upgraded the credit study and quantitative rating, asset              tide becoming clearer, we are more confident that each step
pricing, quantitative trading strategies and other modules,           we made will become a new step for the industries.
which comprehensively improved the credit management
capability of the Group. The intelligent research platform
firstly achieved the online production of the whole process                                                              CEO: Zhou Yi
from research frameworks, valuation models to reports in
                                                                                                                      March 30, 2022




                                                                                                                                         009
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company Profile




          I. COMPANY INFORMATION
                                                 Registered capital and net capital of the Company
          Chinese name of the Company                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

          华泰证券股份有限公司                                              As at the end of the            As at the end of the
                                                                  Reporting Period                previous year

          Abbreviation of Chinese name of the
          Company                                Registered
          華泰證券                                   capital          9,076,650,000.00                9,076,650,000.00

          English name of the Company
          HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
                                                 Net capital      82,314,070,326.70               67,909,921,047.21
          Abbreviation of English name of the
          Company
          HTSC
                                                 Qualifications of each of the business lines of the Company
                                                 According to the business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial Market
                                                 Regulation Administration, the business scope of the Company includes:
          Legal representative of the Company    securities brokerage, proprietary trading of securities, securities
          Zhang Wei                              underwriting (limited to underwriting of government bonds, debt
                                                 financing instruments of non-financial enterprises and financial bonds
          Chief Executive Officer and chairman   (including policy financial bonds) only), securities investment consulting,
          of the Executive Committee of the      intermediary introduction business for futures companies, margin
                                                 financing and securities lending business, agency sale of financial
          Company
                                                 products, agency sale of securities investment funds, custodian for
          Zhou Yi                                securities investment funds, agency services for gold and other precious
                                                 metals spot contracts and proprietary business for spot gold contracts,
          Authorized representatives of the      stock options market making business, other business activities approved
          Company                                by the CSRC. (Projects that need to be approved by law shall be carried
          Zhou Yi, Zhang Hui                     out upon approval by relevant authorities)
                                                 Please refer to “Appendix I: Main Business Qualifications” in this report for
                                                 the main business qualifications of the Company.




010
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
II. CONTACT
              Secretary of the Board

Name          Zhang Hui

Address       11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Tel.          025-83387272, 83387780, 83389157

Fax           025-83387784

Email         zhanghui@htsc.com                                                                                             About Us



               Joint company secretary                            Joint company secretary

Name           Zhang Hui                                          Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne

                                                                  40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
               11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Address                                                           Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the
               Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC
                                                                  PRC



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
III. BASIC INFORMATION

Registered address of the Company        No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

                                         In July 2015, the Company has completed the change in business




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Historical changes in registered         registration, and its registered address was changed from “No. 90
address of the Company                   East Zhongshan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC” to “No. 228
                                         Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC”

Office address of the Company            No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Postal code of office address of the
                                         210019
Company

Principal place of business in Hong      Room 4201, 42/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong,
Kong                                     the PRC




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Company website                          http://www.htsc.com.cn

Email                                    boardoffice@htsc.com




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Main exchange                            025-83389999

Customer service hotline                 95597 or 4008895597

Company fax                              025-83387784

Business License Unified Social
                                         91320000704041011J
Credit Code

Brief of Index inclusion                 SSE 50 Index, CSI 300 Index, MSCI China Share Index

Index of changes during the
                                         No changes during the Reporting Period
Reporting Period




                                                                                                                   011
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND LOCATION FOR INSPECTION OF
          DOCUMENTS
          Names and websites of newspapers                  China Securities Journal ( https://www.cs.com.cn), Shanghai
          for disclosure of annual report of the            Securities News ( https://www.cnstock.com), Securities Times
          Company                                           ( http://www.stcn.com), Securities Daily ( http://www.zqrb.cn)

          Websites of the stock exchanges for               Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), Hong
          disclosure of annual report of the                Kong Stock Exchange (http://www.hkexnews.hk), London Stock
          Company                                           Exchange (https://www.londonstockexchange.com)

          Location for inspection of annual report of       No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          the Company (A Share)                             PRC; Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                            No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          Location for inspection of annual report of
                                                            PRC; Room 4201, 42/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central,
          the Company (H Share)
                                                            Hong Kong, the PRC

          Index of changes during the Reporting
                                                            No changes during the Reporting Period
          Period




          V. SHARES/DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS OF THE COMPANY

          Type of shares/
          depository receipts           Stock exchange for listing      Stock name                     Stock code

          A Share                       Shanghai Stock Exchange         華泰證券                           601688
          H Share                       Hong Kong Stock Exchange        HTSC                           6886
          GDR                           London Stock Exchange           Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       HTSC
          The Company did not change the stock name.




          VI. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
          (I) Historical development of the Company, mainly including the reorganization and
          capital increases in the previous years

          The predecessor of the Company was Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券公司 ), which was established
          in December 1990 as approved by the headquarters of the PBOC, obtained the business license on April 9,
          1991, and officially opened for business on May 26, 1991. In 1994, the Economic Reform Commission of Jiangsu
          Province approved the conversion of the Company to be a directional stock raising company. In June 1997,
          the Company changed its name to “ 江蘇證券有限責任公司 ” (Jiangsu Securities Co., Ltd.). In March 1999, the
          Company changed its name to “ 华泰证券有限责任公司 ” (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company), and
          approved by the CSRC, the Company was converted into “ 华 泰 证 券 股 份 有 限 公 司 ” (Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd.) in its entirety on November 29, 2007. On December 7, 2007, the Company completed the business
          registration for such changes. In July 2009, the Company acquired Xintai Securities Co., Ltd. ( 信 泰 證 券 有 限
          責任公司 ). In February 2010, the Company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In June
          2015, the Company was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In June 2019, the GDR
          issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange.




012
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Major capital increases of the Company:

When it was established on April 9, 1991, the registered capital of the Company was RMB10,000,000.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB202,000,000 in June 1994.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB404,000,000 in June 1997.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB828,000,000 in May 1998.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB850,320,000 in December 1999.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB2,200,000,000 in April 2001.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,500,000,000 in November 2007.                                  About Us
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,815,438,725 on July 30, 2009.

In February 2010, the Company completed its initial public offering of 784,561,275 RMB-denominated ordinary
shares (A Shares) on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, after which the Company’s registered capital was
RMB5,600,000,000.

In June 2015, the Company completed its listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and



                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
commenced trading. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 1,562,768,800
H Shares in total, and the total share capital of the Company changed to 7,162,768,800 shares. Due to the
issuance and listing of H Shares, the relevant state-owned shareholders transferred 156,276,880 state-


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
owned shares (A Shares) of the Company held by them to SSF in the form of H Shares, on the basis of 10%
of the number of H Shares issued this time. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as
follows: 5,443,723,120 A Shares, which accounted for 76% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 24% of the total number of shares.

In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated
ordinary shares (A Shares) by way of “Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors”, after which the Company’s
registered capital was RMB8,251,500,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
follows: 6,532,454,320 A Shares, which accounted for 79% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 21% of the total number of shares.

In June 2019, the GDR issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London
Stock Exchange. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 82,515,000 GDR in
total, representing the underlying securities of 825,150,000 A Shares, after which the Company’s registered
capital was RMB9,076,650,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as follows:
7,357,604,320 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares,
which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              013
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               General Affairs                                   E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                 Compliance and Risk Management Committee                                                                                         Remuneration and Appraisal Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Party-mass Work
                                                                                                                                  Development Strategy Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Development                                         Bank of Jiangsu Co, Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                   Nomination Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategy and Development                                 Huatai-PineBridge Fund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department                                         Management Co, Ltd.
                                                                                                            Audit Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   China Southern Asset
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               General Office                                      Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Planning and Finance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Human Resources
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Holding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Inspection
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Compliance and Legal
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Risk Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department                                 Huatai Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Wholly-owned
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Digital Operation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department                                  Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                  Board of Directors                                      Senior Management


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Subsidiaries
                                                                                    General Meeting


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Capital Operation                             Huatai International Financial Holdings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department                                             Company Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Information Technology                             Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department                                         Management Co., Ltd.
                    (II) Organization Structure of the Company




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Center
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Fixed Income
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Innovation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Securities Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                     Supervisory                                              Office of the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Margin Financing and Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Lending Department
                                                                                                                                  of Directors
                                                                     Committee                                                                                                                                                               Sales and Trading
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Debt Financing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Asset Custody
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Rescarch Institute
                                                                          Office of the

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Products
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Department
                                                                     Supervisory Committee
HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Network Finance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Branches                                          Securities Branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     014
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(III) The First-level Onshore and Offshore Subsidiaries of the Company
                                                                                     Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Name of the                                                Date of              Registered Responsible      Telephone
subsidiary             Address                             establishment           capital person           No.

Huatai Securities
                     Room 1222, 6 Jilong Road, China October 16,                                            021-
(Shanghai) Asset                                                                260,000.00 Cui Chun
                     (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone 2014                                                  28972188
Management Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                                      About Us
Huatai International
                       62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s                                     HK$                 852-
Financial Holdings                                      April 5, 2017                        Wang Lei
                       Road Central, Hong Kong, the PRC                    10,200,000,002.00                36586000
Company Limited


Huatai Purple Gold     No. 180 Hanzhong Road, Nanjing,     August 12,                                       025-
                                                                                600,000.00 Cao Qun
Investment Co., Ltd.   Jiangsu Province, the PRC           2008                                             83389999


                       Room 701-8 to 701-11, 7/F, Block

                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Huatai Innovative                                          November 21,                                     010-
                       28, Fengsheng Hutong, Xicheng                            350,000.00 Sun Ying
Investment Co., Ltd.                                       2013                                             58034345
                       District, Beijing, the PRC


                       401, Building B7, Qianhai                                                                                    and Strategies
                       Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund
                       Town, No. 128 Guiwan Fifth
Huatai United                                          September 5,                                         010-
                       Road, Nanshan Street,                                      99,748.00 Jiang Yu
Securities Co., Ltd.                                   1997                                                 56839300
                       Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                       Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen, the




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                       PRC


                         20/F, Li Feng Building, 761
                                                                                                            020-
Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. Dongfeng Eastern Road, Yuexiu     July 10, 1995         160,900.00 Hu Zhi
                                                                                                            83901155
                         District, Guangzhou, the PRC


                       3/F, Building 10, Financial City,
Jiangsu Equity         No. 377 Middle Jiangdong Road,                                                       025-
                                                           July 4, 2013          20,000.00 Sun Hanlin
Exchange Co., Ltd.     Jianye District, Nanjing, Jiangsu                                                    89620288
                       Province, the PRC




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             015
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Number and Distribution of Securities Branches and Other Branches of the Company
          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 28 branch offices and 245 securities branches. For
          details of the number and distribution of branch offices and securities branches of the Company, please
          refer to “Appendix II: List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this report.

          Provinces,             Number of Provinces,                Number of Provinces,              Number of
          Municipalities and     Securities Municipalities and       Securities Municipalities and     Securities
          Regions                Branches Regions                    Branches Regions                  Branches
                                                                                 Inner Mongolia
          Anhui Province         5           Beijing                 6                                 3
                                                                                 Autonomous Region
          Hebei Province         1           Fujian Province         4           Guangdong Province    23
          Guangxi Zhuang
                                 2           Hainan Province         2           Shanxi Province       1
          Autonomous Region
          Henan Province         3           Heilongjiang Province   5           Jilin Province        3
          Hubei Province         29          Hunan Province          3           Jiangxi Province      3
          Jiangsu Province       95          Liaoning Province       7           Shandong Province     7
          Shanghai               16          Sichuan Province        7           Guizhou Province      1
          Chongqing              1           Tianjin                 4           Gansu Province        1
                                                                                 Xinjiang Uygur
          Shaanxi Province       2           Qinghai Province        1                                 1
                                                                                 Autonomous Region
          Ningxia Hui
                                 1           Zhejiang Province       8           -                     -
          Autonomous Region




016
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
VII. OTHER INFORMATION
(I) Accounting Firms
                              Name                               KPMG Huazhen LLP

Accounting firm engaged by                                       8/F, KPMG Tower, Oriental Plaza, 1 East Chang’an
                              Office address
the Company (domestic)                                           Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing, the PRC

                              Name of the signatory accountant   Cheng Hailiang, Qian Ruwen

                                                                 KPMG

                                                                                                                                          About Us
                              Name                               Registered PIE Auditor under the Hong Kong Financial
                                                                 Reporting Council Ordinance
Accounting firm engaged by
the Company (Hong Kong)                                          8th Floor, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road, Central,
                              Office address
                                                                 Hong Kong, the PRC

                              Name of the signatory accountant   Lee Lok Man

                              Name                               KPMG Huazhen LLP
Accounting firm engaged
                                                                 8/F, KPMG Tower, Oriental Plaza, 1 East Chang’an
by the Company (United        Office address


                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                 Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing, the PRC
Kingdom)
                              Name of the signatory accountant   Cheng Hailiang



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
(II) Legal Advisors

                             Name                                King & Wood Mallesons
Legal advisor engaged by the
Company (domestic)                                               18th Floor, East Tower, World Financial Center, No. 1, Middle
                             Office address
                                                                 East 3rd Ring Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                             Name                                Clifford Chance
Legal advisor engaged by the
Company (overseas)                                               27/F, Jardine House 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong,
                             Office address
                                                                 the PRC




(III) Share registrars
                                                                 China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
                              Name
                                                                 Limited, Shanghai Branch
Share registrar for A Share
                                                                 No. 188 Yanggao South Road, Pudong New Area,




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                              Office address
                                                                 Shanghai, the PRC

                              Name                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Share registrar for H Share




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                                 Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Center, 183
                              Office address
                                                                 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC




                                                                                                                                 017
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of the
          Results




          I. KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS

          (I) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Three Years
                                                                                      Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                       Increase/
          Item                                             2021            2020     decrease (%)                 2019

          Total revenue and other gains              51,926,404      40,534,436              28.10         32,436,781

          Profit before income tax                   16,272,562       13,504,376            20.50          11,585,965

          Profit of this year-attributable to
                                                     13,346,106       10,822,497            23.32           9,001,644
          shareholders of the Company

          Net cash used in operating activities    (65,337,094)     (13,868,924)              N/A        (3,594,637)

          Total amount of other comprehensive
                                                     (626,084)         (539,317)              N/A             634,281
          income after tax this year


                                                                                      Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                     At the end      At the end        Increase/          At the end
          Item                                           of 2021         of 2020    decrease (%)              of 2019

          Total assets                             806,650,833        716,751,235            12.54       562,180,638

          Total liabilities                         654,615,049     584,439,200              12.01      436,525,930

          Total equity attributable to
                                                    148,422,810      129,071,500            14.99         122,537,479
          shareholders of the Company

          Total equities                            152,035,784       132,312,035            14.91       125,654,708

          Total share capital (shares)            9,076,650,000    9,076,650,000                –     9,076,650,000




018
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(II) Key financial indicators
Key financial indicators                                               2021           2020        Increase/decrease (%)                       2019

Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                    1.47            1.20                             22.50                 1.04

Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                                  1.46             1.19                           22.69                  1.03

                                                                                                           Increase of 1.23
ROE (%)                                                                9.84             8.61                                                  7.94
                                                                                                        percentage points

                                                                                                          Decrease of 0.27
                                                                                                                                                               About Us
Debt-to-assets ratio (%)                                              76.93           77.20                                               73.40
                                                                                                         percentage point

Net assets attributable to the Company’s
                                                                      15.25            14.22                              7.24                13.50
ordinary shareholders per share (RMB/share)

Note: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities-accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets-accounts payable to brokerage clients)




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
(III) Net Capital of the Parent Company and Risk Control Indexes
                                                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                         As of the end of the                          As of the end of the
Item                                                                        Reporting Period                                 previous year

Net capital                                                                  82,314,070,326.70                              67,909,921,047.21

Net assets                                                                  126,702,081,824.87                               111,971,511,426.66

Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                                   246.45                                        236.68




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Net capital/net assets (%)                                                                  64.97                                         60.65

Net capital/liabilities (%)                                                                     21.42                                         21.86

Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                                  32.97                                         36.04

Value of proprietary equity securities and
                                                                                            49.80                                             49.91
derivatives/net capital (%)

Value of proprietary non-equity securities and
                                                                                           291.29                                        296.70
derivatives/net capital (%)

Core net capital                                                             58,314,070,326.70                              62,909,921,047.21



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Supplementary net capital                                                  24,000,000,000.00                               5,000,000,000.00




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Total risk capital provision                                                33,399,876,683.34                               28,693,100,276.16

Total on-balance and off-balance assets                                    422,846,924,915.98                           333,759,265,959.88

Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                                   15.99                                            21.08

Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                               169.68                                        230.31

Net stable funding ratio (%)                                                               126.98                                         130.22




                                                                                                                                                      019
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Key Performance Indicators
          Total Equity attributable to shareholders of the                    Profit for the period–attributable to shareholders
          Company               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB          of the Company         Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                   1,484.23
         1,500                                                                150
                                                                                                                                        133.46
                                                        1,290.71
                                                1,225.37
         1,200                                                                120
                                                                                    106.97                                     108.22
                                        1,033.94
                                                                                                     92.77             90.02
                               873.36
          900    807.85 843.57                                                 90

                                                                                             62.71
          600                                                                  60                            50.33


          300                                                                  30


            0                                                                   0
                 2015    2016    2017    2018      2019   2020      2021             2015    2016    2017    2018      2019    2020     2021

          Source: Regular reports of the Company                              Source: Regular reports of the Company




020
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
  WEALTH                             INSTITUTIONAL                          INVESTMENT                           INTERANTIONAL
  MANAGEMENT                         SERVICES                               MANAGEMENT                           BUSINESS
  BUSINESS                           BUSINESS                               BUSINESS
Equity and fund trading volume     Equity underwriting amount            Total asset management scale          AssetMark AoP

RMB                                RMB                                   RMB                                   USD



42.29 trillion                     176.247 billion 518.573 billion 93.488 billion
  1               Market ranking
                                     4                  Market ranking
                                                                                                                                                                            About Us


The number of monthly active       Bond underwriting amount              Average monthly scale of private      The market share of AssetMark
users of ZhangLe Fortune Path                                            asset under active management
                                   RMB
                                                                         RMB


11.0181 million 931.103 billion 41.982 billion                                                                 11.1%
                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
  1                                  3                                     3                                       3
                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                  Market ranking                        Market ranking                        Market ranking                                 Market ranking


Balance of margin financing        Number of merger, acquisition         The number of enterprise asset        Explanations: The data of equity and fund
                                                                                                               trading volume is quoted from the statistics
and securities lending business    and reorganization                    securitization issuance               of members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                                                                               and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and the
                                   (approved and registered by CSRC)
RMB                                                                                                            business ranking of equity and fund trading is
                                                                                                               quoted from Company’s internal statistics; the
                                                                                                               number of monthly active users of ZhangLe
                                                                                                               Fortune Path and its ranking are quoted from




137.699 billion 9                                                        137
                                                                                                               the statistics of Analysys in December 2021; the
                                                                                                               balance of margin financing and securities
                                                                                                               lending is quoted from the regulatory
                                                                                                               statements of the Company and the business
                                                                                                               ranking of margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                                                               lending is quoted from Company’s internal
                                                                                                               statistics; the holding scale and ranking



  2                                  3                                     3
                                                                                                               of non-money market funds are quoted
                                                                                                               from the statistics from Asset Management
                                                                                                               Association of China as of the fourth quarter
                                                                                                               of 2021; the amount and ranking of equity
                                                                                                               underwriting and bond underwriting are
                                                                                                               quoted from Wind; the number and amount
                                                        Market ranking                        Market ranking   of merger, acquisition and reorganization
                                                                                                               and its ranking are quoted from the statistics
                                                                                                               of merger, acquisition and reorganization
Holding scale of non-money         Amount of merger, acquisition         Scale of enterprise asset             transactions approved and registered by the
                                                                                                               CSRC based on the information available to
market funds                       and reorganization                    securitization issuance               the public; the total asset management scale
RMB                                (approved and registered by CSRC)     RMB                                   is quoted from the regulatory statements of
                                                                                                               Huatai Asset Management; average monthly
                                   RMB                                                                         scale of private equity funds of private equity
                                                                                                               subsidiaries and its ranking are quoted
                                                                                                               from the statistics from Asset Management



93.2 billion                       64.893 billion 167.112 billion
                                                                                                               Association of China as of the fourth quarter
                                                                                                               of 2021; the issuing number and total amount
                                                                                                               of enterprise asset securitization and its
                                                                                                               ranking are quoted from Wind; AssetMark AoP
                                                                                                               are quoted from the internal statistics of the
                                                                                                               Company as of the end of the fourth quarter
                                                                                                               of 2021; the market share of AssetMark and its



                                                                            3
                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
  2                                  3
                                                                                                               ranking are quoted from Cerulli Associates
                                                                                                               and the TAMP industrial analysis on relevant
                                                                                                               public information as of the end of the
                                                                                                               third quarter of 2021; for the terms without
                                                                                                               special illustration, the information is from the
                  Market ranking                        Market ranking                        Market ranking   statistics by the end of the Reporting Period
                                                                                                               and the statistics for the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                   021
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (V) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years
          The financial conditions for the past five years are as follows:
          1. Profitability
                                                                                                                     Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
          Item                                                       2021                 2020               2019                2018                   2017

          Total revenue and other gains                      51,926,404          40,534,436           32,436,781         24,506,734                31,323,372

          Total expenses                                     38,283,823           31,233,707         23,577,265             19,017,372         20,278,706

          Share of profits of associates
                                                               2,629,981           4,203,647           2,726,449              959,309                539,978
          and joint ventures

          Profit before income tax                           16,272,562           13,504,376          11,585,965             6,448,671             11,584,644

          Profit of this year-attributable to
                                                              13,346,106          10,822,497           9,001,644            5,032,738              9,276,520
          shareholders of the Company



          2. Assets
                                                                                                                     Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                         December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
          Item                                                 2021         2020         2019         2018         2017

          Total assets                                    806,650,833            716,751,235        562,180,638        368,665,874            381,482,540

          Total liabilities                                654,615,049         584,439,200         436,525,930          263,916,270          292,892,628

          Accounts payable to brokerage
                                                            147,501,833         136,387,634           89,817,920            59,492,176         67,335,545
          clients

          Total equity attributable to
                                                            148,422,810          129,071,500        122,537,479         103,393,577            87,335,938
          shareholders of the Company

          Total equity                                      152,035,784          132,312,035        125,654,708         104,749,604                88,589,912

          Total share capital (shares)                  9,076,650,000 9,076,650,000 9,076,650,000                     8,251,500,000        7,162,768,800



          3. Key Financial Indicators

          Item                                                                   2021               2020             2019         2018                  2017
                                                                                                                                          Note 1
          Dividend per share (RMB)                                               0.45                0.40           0.30           0.60                    –

          Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                     1.47               1.20           1.04          0.66                  1.30

          Dilutive earnings per share (RMB/share)                                 1.46                1.19           1.03          0.66                  1.30

          ROE (%)                                                                9.84                8.61           7.94           5.32                 10.56

          Debt-to-assets ratio (%)Note 2                                        76.93              77.20          73.40           66.12                 71.80

          Net assets attributable to ordinary shareholders
                                                                                 15.25              14.22           13.50         12.53                 12.19
          of the Company per share (RMB/share)

          Note 1: According to the resolution passed at the 2018 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company, the Company has implemented
          the 2018 interim profit distribution plan by distributing a cash dividend of RMB3.00 (tax included) per 10 shares based on the total share capital
          of 8,251,500,000 shares, with a total cash dividend of RMB2,475,450,000.00. Meanwhile, according to the resolution passed at the 2018 Annual
          General Meeting of the Company, the Company has implemented the 2018 annual profit distribution plan by distributing a cash dividend of
          RMB3.00 (tax included) per 10 shares based on the total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares, with a total cash dividend of RMB2,722,995,000.00.
          Note 2: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities-accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets-accounts payable to brokerage clients)




022
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
II. DIFFERENCES IN FINANCIAL DATA PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
There is no difference between the net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for 2021 and 2020
and the net assets attributable to shareholders of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and December 31,
2020 set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the CASBE and in the
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRSs.



III. ITEMS MEASURED UNDER FAIR VALUE
                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                          Effect on the profit
                                 Balance at the     Balance at the      Change in the          of the current
Name of items                   end of last year    end of the year     current period     period in amount

Financial assets at fair
value through other                   15,946,372          9,477,837        (6,468,535)                787,799
comprehensive income



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Financial assets at fair
                                      291,807,112       355,259,172        63,452,060               19,593,532
value through profit or loss



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Derivative financial
                                     (6,103,473)         4,604,583          10,708,056             (8,550,140)
instruments

Financial liabilities at fair
                                      15,381,530          31,122,918         15,741,388             (336,603)
value through profit or loss




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   023
026
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of the
          Company's Business




          I. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR INDUSTRY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          Our Group conducts business operations in the securities industry of which the operating income and
          profit levels are highly dependent on the securities market trend and characterized by strong periodicity
          and fluctuations. Our Group’s securities related businesses are dependent on and also benefit from the
          economic growth and the development and performance of the capital market in the PRC, and are
          also influenced by various factors including economic environment, regulatory environment, investor
          sentiment and international market. The Group has maintained strong overall competitiveness with capital
          scale, profitability, business strength and risk management capabilities ranking the top in the industry.
          Details of industry position of the Group’s principal businesses during the Reporting Period, please refer
          to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in the section headed “Management
          Discussion and Analysis” of this report.

          In recent years, under the wave of digital transformation, the accelerated reform and opening up of capital
          market in China has imposed underlying impacts on the development ecology of capital market and the
          competitive landscape of the securities industry in all aspects. With the promulgation and implementation of
          the new Securities Law, the merger of the Main Board and the SME (small and medium enterprises) Board of
          the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, together with the newly launched Beijing Stock Exchange, the implementation
          of the new delisting rules, the full implementation of the registration system reform in the future and the
          steady advance of institutional two-way opening of the financial market system, it will facilitate the capital
          market infrastructure system to be more mature and established, while the capital market will embrace
          increasing attractiveness and international competitiveness. The securities industry will be presented with
          multiple strategic development opportunities such as increased trading activity in issuance, business
          expansion and upgrading, and growing demand for wealth management and institutional services, which
          implies that securities companies equipped with truly core capabilities of modern investment banks will
          win the initiative in future development and transformation. At the same time, against increasingly complex
          internal and external market environment, and the accelerated deepening in the reform and opening up of
          the capital market led by the full implementation of registration system, securities companies are exposed
          to higher requirements in core professional capabilities and risk control.



          II. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR BUSINESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          The Group is a leading technology-driven securities group in China, with a highly collaborative business
          model, a cutting-edge digital platform and an extensive and engaging customer base. Our principal
          businesses comprise wealth management business, institutional services business, investment
          management business and international business. The Group constructs a client-based organizational




030
structure and mechanism, provides comprehensive securities and financial services for individual and                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
institutional clients through an organic online-offline synergy, and aims to become a leading investment
bank with strong domestic advantages and global influence.


Strategic       Striving to Become a First-Class Investment Bank
Vision
                With Both Domestic Advantages and Global Influence


Wealth management                                                                                                                     Institutional services
                                                                                                                                                                              About Us
                                                                                 an d O ver se
                                                                            ti c               as
                                                                         e s i n ka g e
                                                                            L
                                                                  om
Maintaining leadership in services                           D                                                                Providing customers with first-class
and platforms                                                                                                                 comprehensive integrated financial
                                                                                                                                                          services
                                                                 h ole                              O n lin e and O
                                                              fW                                        I nte g ra f f
                                                          n o in
International business                               ti o C h a                                                   ti o li n     Investment management
                                                        s                                                             n
                                                                Coll                                e
                                                                Busabo
Helping customers grasp the                                          i n ra
                                                                        es
                                                                                                                                   Developing outstanding asset
opportunities of international                                                                                                              management brand
asset allocation

                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                                                      Fintech Empowerment


                 We provide customers with diversified wealth management services, including securities, futures and options brokerage,
                 financial products sales, fund investment advisory business, and capital-based intermediary business through mobile APP,
                 professional PC platform, subsidiaries and securities futures branch offices, Huatai International and its affiliated overseas
                 subsidiaries, in the mode of online and offline, domestic and overseas linkage. For securities, futures and options brokerage,
                 we mainly execute trades on behalf of our clients in stocks, funds, bonds, futures and options, etc. to provide trading services.
Wealth           For financial products sales business, we mainly provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and
management




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                 asset allocation services, and the related financial products are managed by the Group and other financial institutions. Our
                 fund investment advisory business mainly involves upon acceptance of clients’ engagement, selecting specific category,
business         amount and timing of trading of investment funds on behalf of our clients within the scope of clients’ authorization in
                 accordance with terms of agreement and submitting trading applications including, among others, subscription, redemption
                 and conversion. In respect of capital-based intermediary business, we provide diversified financing services including margin
                 financing and securities lending as well as stock pledged lending. Key performance drivers to wealth management business
                 include fee and commission income, interest income, etc.

                 With institutional sales serving as a link, we integrate investment banking, institutional investor services and investment
                 trading business resources to provide various types of corporate and institutional clients with all-round comprehensive
                 financial services, which mainly include investment banking business, prime brokerage business, research and institutional
                 sales business and investment and trading business.
                 (1) Investment banking business primarily consists of equity underwriting, debt underwriting, financial advisory, OTC business,
                 etc. For equity underwriting business, we provide IPO and equity refinancing services for our clients. For debt underwriting
                 business, we provide various types of bond financing services for our clients. For financial advisory business, we provide




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
                 clients with mergers-oriented financial advisory services based on industrial layout with a strategic point of view. For OTC
                 business, we provide clients with NEEQ listing and follow-on financing services, and relevant OTC businesses engaged in by
                 Jiangsu Equity Exchange. Key performance drivers to investment banking business include underwriting and sponsorship
                 fees, advisory fees, etc.
                 (2) Prime brokerage business mainly includes the provision of asset custody and fund services for various types of asset




                                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
                 management institutions, such as private and public funds, including settlement, liquidation, reporting and valuation. In
Institutional    addition, it also provides margin trading, sales of financial products and other value-added services for clients of prime
services         brokerage. Key performance drivers to prime brokerage business include fees for fund custody and service business.

business         (3) Research and institutional sales business mainly consists of research business and institutional sales business. For
                 research business, we provide various professional research and advisory services for clients. For institutional sales business,
                 we promote and sell securities products and services to clients. Key performance drivers to research and institutional sales
                 business include incomes from services concerning various research and financial products.
                 (4) Investment and trading business mainly includes equity trading, FICC trading and OTC derivative transaction. The Group
                 conducts equity, FICC and other financial instruments transactions with its own funds, and reduces investment risks and
                 increases returns through various trading strategies and techniques. At the same time, in order to meet customers’ needs
                 for investment and financing as well as risk management, we also engage in market making business and OTC derivatives
                 business. In terms of equity trading, we invest and trade stocks, ETFs and derivatives, and engage in market making services
                 for financial products. In terms of FICC trading, we invest and trade all kinds of FICC and derivatives in the interbank and
                 exchange bond markets, and engage in the inter-bank bond market and bond connect market making services. In terms
                 of OTC derivative transactions, we develop and trade OTC financial products for customers, mainly including equity return
                 swaps, OTC options and structured notes. Key performance drivers to investment and trading business include various
                 investment incomes from equity, FICC products and derivatives, etc.




                                                                                                                                                                     031
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          We accept fund entrustments from clients, develop and provide various financial products for our clients and manage
                          their assets through our professional investment and research platform as well as our substantial client base, effectively
                          satisfying their investment and financing needs. Our investment management business mainly consists of securities firm
                          asset management, private equity fund management and asset management for fund companies, etc. For securities firm
                          asset management, we participate in the operation of securities firm asset management business through our wholly-
          Investment      owned subsidiary Huatai Asset Management; such business includes collective asset management business, single
                          asset management business, specialized asset management business and public offering fund management business
          management      (which is operated on a differentiated basis from our public offering fund management business for fund companies
          business        under the Group). For private equity fund management business, we operate private equity funds business, which includes
                          investment and management of private equity funds, through our wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai Purple Gold Investment.
                          For asset management business for fund companies, the Group holds non-controlling interests in two public offering fund
                          management companies, namely China Southern Asset Management and Huatai-PineBridge, through which we participate
                          in the operation of asset management business for fund companies. Key performance drivers to asset management
                          business include management fee, performance fee, investment income, etc.

                          The Group operates international business covering various countries and regions including Hong Kong and the United States
                          through its wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai International, and the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Huatai International including
                          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), AssetMark and Huatai Securities (USA).
                          The operations of the Group in Hong Kong are mainly conducted by Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), a wholly-owned
                          subsidiary of Huatai International, primarily including equity business platform, fixed-income business platform, individual
                          financial platform, fund platform and flagship investment banking business. Through the equity business platform, we
                          conduct trading, design and sales of cross-border equity derivatives, providing capital-based intermediary services in
                          respect of various equity capital for our clients, and provide universal integrated financial services covering both domestic
                          and overseas markets and various industries for institutional clients around the globe. Through the fix-income business
                          platform, we carry out investment and trading of a variety of FICC and derivative instruments and provide FICC solutions
                          for all product categories, such as sales, trading and market making services to various institutional clients. Through the
                          individual financial platform, we provide brokerage, margin financing and wealth management services in respect of
                          different categories of assets around the globe for our clients, satisfying their multi-level and comprehensive financial needs.
                          In respect of the fund platform, we provide customized solutions in fields such as leveraged buyout, strategic M&A, pre-
                          listing financing and business expansion for our clients through the Greater Bay Area Fund under our management; the
                          China Concept Stock Return Fund focuses on mid to late-stage investment, cross-border M&A and split and privatization
                          investment opportunities in industries with growth potential. For flagship investment banking business, aiming to establish a
                          full-service and cross-border investment banking platform system, we provide both Chinese and international customers
          International   with equity and debt underwriting and sponsoring services, as well as financial advisory services. In September 2019, Huatai

          business        Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) obtained its membership of the London Stock Exchange and completed the registration as
                          a UK Cross-border Conversion Agency for Shanghai-London Stock Connect GDRs on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, thus is
                          capable of providing clients with the whole-process services of the issuance and trade of GDRs. In December 2020, Huatai
                          Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) became the first financial institution in Asia that obtained the qualification as market maker
                          of the London Stock Exchange. In December 2021, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) was formally admitted as the
                          member of Turquoise under the London Stock Exchange Group.
                          The Group completed the acquisition of AssetMark in 2016. AssetMark is a leading turn-key asset management platform
                          in the United States and a third-party financial service institution that provides a series of services and an advanced
                          and convenient technology platform for investment advisors in respect of investment strategies and asset portfolios
                          management, customer relations management and asset custody. In July 2019, AssetMark completed its listing on the New
                          York Stock Exchange in the United States. In July 2021, AssetMark completed the acquisition of Voyant to further optimize
                          its technology platform and operating environment and thus maintain its leading position among the turn-key asset
                          management platforms.
                          In September 2018, Huatai Securities (USA) was registered in Delaware, USA as a foreign wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai
                          International, aiming to promote the development of international business. In June 2019, upon approval from the US Financial
                          Industry Regulatory Authority, Huatai Securities (USA) obtained the US broker-dealer license. In 2020, it obtained the US
                          proprietary trading license.
                          Key performance drivers to international business include brokerage commission, underwriting sponsorship fee, advisory fee,
                          interest income asset management fee, etc.




032
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
III. AWARDS AND HONORS
(I) Key awards and honors of the Group

The selection of “Best Practice Case of Office of Board of Directors of Public Companies 2021” (2021 年度上市
公司董辦最佳實踐案例 ) organized by China Association for Public Companies:
   The Company was awarded “Best Practice Case of Office of Board of Directors of Public Companies
2021”

The selection of “Evergreen Awards” ( 長青獎 ) organized by Caijing Magazine:

                                                                                                                         About Us
  The Company was awarded “2021 Evergreen Awards • Green Award for Sustainable Development” (2021
年長青獎－可持續發展綠色獎 )

The selection of “China ESG Golden Awards 2021” (2021 年度中國 ESG 金責獎 ) organized by Sina Finance:
  The Company was awarded “Best Securities Company for Responsible Investment Award” ( 責任投資最佳
證券公司獎 )




                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
(II) Key awards and honors of the business segments of the Company



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Wealth management business

Shanghai Stock Exchange:
                                                      The data from Analysys:
   The Company was awarded “2020 Top 10
Options Brokers” (2020 年度十佳期權經紀商 )                        “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ) ranked top
                                                      in the industry in terms of NMAU by the end of 2021
The selection of “2021 Financial Institutions of
Excellent Competitiveness” (2021 卓 越 競 爭 力 金 融 機      The selection of the “Sixth Session of Broker APP List”
構 ) held by China Business:                           ( 第六屆券商 APP 風雲榜 ) organized by Sina Finance:




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
   The Company was awarded “Securities                    “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) was recognized
Company for Wealth Management of Excellent            as “Top 10 APP Award of the Year” ( 年度十佳 APP), “Best
Competitiveness” ( 卓越競爭力財富管理證券公司 )                    Wealth Management Platform APP” ( 最佳財富管理平台
                                                      APP), “Best Intelligent Service APP” ( 最佳智能服務 APP)
Analysys A10 Digital Summit ( 易觀 A10 數字峰會 ):
                                                      and “Users’ Favorite APP” ( 最受用戶喜愛 APP)
   “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ) was awarded
                                                      The selection of “2020 Fintech Awards” (2020 年金融科
“2021 Outstanding Digital Application”(2021 年度卓越
                                                      技 大 獎 ) organized by ETnet, a professional financial
數字應用 )
                                                      information platform:
The selection of “2020-2021 Fintech Award” (2020-
                                                          “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲 樂 全 球 通 ) was awarded


                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
2021 年度金融科技獎 ) organized by The Asset:
                                                      “Trading System-Outstanding Comprehensive Stock
    “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) was recognized         Trading Mobile APP” ( 交易系統－傑出全方位股票交易流
                                                      動應用程式 )



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
as “Best Mobile Brokerage Application (Hong Kong
Area)” ( 香港地區最佳手機券商 APP)




                                                                                                                033
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Institutional services business

          Shanghai Stock Exchange:
                                                                Shenzhen Stock Exchange:
              Huatai United Securities was awarded “2020
          Outstanding Underwriter of Corporate Bonds”              Huatai United Securities was awarded “2020
          (2020 年度公司債券優秀承銷商 ), “2020 Outstanding                Outstanding Bond Duration Management Institution”
          Underwriter of Corporate Bond Innovative Products”    (2020 年度優秀債券存續期管理機構 ), etc.
          (2020 年度公司債券創新產品優秀承銷商 ), “2020 Excellent
                                                                The selection of the “Fourteenth Session of Best
          Trust Manager” (2020 年度優秀受託管理人 ), etc.
                                                                Investment Bank” ( 第 十 四 屆 最 佳 投 行 ) organized by
          The selection of “2021 Junding Award for Investment   Xin Cai Fu(《新財富》):
          Banks in China’s Securities Industry” (2021 年 中 國 證
                                                                     Huatai United Securities was awarded “Best
          券業投資銀行君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times:
                                                                Domestic Investment Bank” ( 本 土 最 佳 投 行 ), “Best
             Huatai United Securities was awarded “Junding      Investment Bank in Equity Underwriting” ( 最 佳 股 權 承
          Award for All-round Investment Bank in China’s        銷投行 ), “Best Investment Bank in Bond Underwriting”
          Securities Industry” ( 中國證券業全能投行君鼎獎 ),“Junding        ( 最 佳 債 權 承 銷 投 行 ), “Best IPO Investment Bank” ( 最
          Award for Independent Financial Advisor in China’s    佳 IPO 投 行 ), “Best Refinancing Investment Bank” ( 最
          Securities Industry” ( 中國證券業獨立財務顧問君鼎獎 ),              佳再融資投行 ), “Best Investment Bank in Mergers and
          “Junding Award for STAR Market Investment Bank in     Acquisitions” ( 最 佳 併 購 投 行 ), “Best Investment Bank
          China’s Securities Industry”( 中國證券業科創板投行君             in Serving Overseas Markets” ( 海外市場能力最佳投行 ),
          鼎獎 ), etc.                                            “Most Innovative Investment Bank” ( 最具創新能力投行 ),
                                                                etc.
          The selection of the “Second Session of Investment
          Bank Most Respected by Listed Companies” ( 第 二        The selection of “Institutional Investor • Caixin All –
          屆最受上市公司尊敬的投行 ) organized by Securities                China Research Team Awards” ( 機構投資者 • 財新資本
          Times:                                                市場分析師成就獎 ) in 2021:

              Huatai United Securities was awarded “Top            The Company was awarded “Best Analyst Team
          10 Investment Banks Most Respected by Listed          (Mainland China) No. 3” ( 最佳分析師團隊 ( 大陸 ) 第三
          Companies” ( 最 受 上 市 公 司 尊 敬 的 十 佳 投 行 ), “IPO        名 ), “Best Analyst Team (Overseas) No. 7” ( 最 佳 分 析
          Investment Bank Most Respected by Listed              師 團 隊 ( 海 外 ) 第 七 名 ), “Best Sales Teams (Mainland
          Companies” ( 最 受 上 市 公 司 尊 敬 的 IPO 投 行 ),             China) No. 2” ( 最 佳 銷 售 團 隊 ( 大 陸 ) 第 二 名 ), “Best
          “M&A Investment Bank Most Respected by Listed         Sales Teams (Overseas) No. 8” ( 最佳銷售團隊 ( 海外 )
          Companies” ( 最受上市公司尊敬的併購投行 ), “Bond                   第八名 ), etc.
          Investment Bank Most Respected by Listed
                                                                Financial Times:
          Companies” ( 最受上市公司尊敬的債券投行 ), etc.
                                                                   The Company was awarded “Best Asset Custody
          National Business Daily:
                                                                Securities Company of the Year” ( 年度最佳資產託管證
             The Company was awarded “Most Influential          券公司 )
          Custody Broker of the Year”




034
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Investment management business

                                                      The selection of “ChinaVenture Awards for 2020” ( 投
                                                      中 2020 年度榜 ) held by ChinaVenture Investment:
Shanghai Stock Exchange:
                                                          Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded “Best
    Huatai Asset Management was awarded               Chinese Subsidiaries of Brokers for Private Funds TOP
“Excellent Manager for Asset Securitization           10” ( 中國最佳券商私募基金子公司 TOP10), “Best Chinese
Business for 2020” (2020 年度資產證券化業務優秀管                 Private Equity Investment Institutions Top 20” ( 中 國
理 人 ), “Excellent Manager for Asset Securitization    最佳中資私募股權投資機構 TOP20), “Best China Private
Innovative Business for 2020” (2020 年度資產證券化           Equity Investment Institutions Top 50” ( 中國最佳私募股
創 新 業 務 優 秀 管 理 人 ) and “2020 Special Award for
                                                                                                                       About Us
                                                      權投資機構 TOP50), “Best Institutions for Investment in
Epidemic Prevention and Control” (2020 年度疫情防          Biomedical Fields TOP 20” ( 最佳生物醫藥領域投資機構
控專項獎 )                                                TOP20), etc.
Shenzhen Stock Exchange:                              Shanghai Stock Exchange:
    Huatai Asset Management was awarded                  Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Top Ten ETF
“Outstanding Innovative Agency for Fixed-Income       Managers” ( 十佳 ETF 管理人 )
Business for 2020” (2020 年度優秀固定收益業務創新機
構)                                                    China Securities Journal:


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
The selection of the “2021 Golden Bull Award for         Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded
China’s Securities Industry” (2021 中國證券業金牛獎 )         “Golden Bull Brokers for Equity Investment” ( 金牛券商

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
held by China Securities Journal:                     股權投資優勝機構 )

   Huatai Asset Management was awarded “2021             China Southern Asset Management was awarded
Golden Bull Broker of Collective Asset Manager”       “Golden Bull Fund Company for Passive Investment of
(2021 金牛券商集合資產管理人 )                                   2020”(2020 年被動投資金牛基金公司獎 )

The selection of “2021 Yinghua Prize for Brokers on      Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Golden Bull
Asset Management in China” (2021 中國券商資管英華             Fund Company for Passive Investment” ( 被動投資金牛
                                                      基金公司 )




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
獎 ) organized by China Fund News:

    Huatai Asset Management was awarded “Prize        Shanghai Securities News:
for Best Chinese Fixed-Income Brokers on Asset           China Southern Asset Management was awarded
Management” ( 中國最佳固收類券商資管獎 ), the “Prize              “Golden Fund • TOP Bond Funds Return on Fund
for Best ABS Brokers on Asset Management” ( 中國最       Managers for 2020” (2020 年度金基金 • 債券投資回報基
佳 ABS 券商資管獎 ) and the “Prize for Best Innovative      金管理公司獎 )
Product of Chinese Brokers on Asset Management”
( 中國最佳券商資管創新產品獎 )                                         Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “2020 Golden
                                                      Fund • Fund Management Company for Passive
The selection of the “List of Eastmoney for the       Investment Award” (2020 年度金基金 • 被動投資基金管
Year of 2020” (2020 東 方 財 富 風 雲 榜 ) organized by      理公司獎 )



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Eastmoney.com ( 東方財富網 ):
                                                      21st Century Business Herald:
  Huatai Futures was awarded “Best Futures Asset
Management” ( 最佳期貨資管 )                                   China Southern Asset Management was awarded



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                                                      “Golden Sail Award–Outstanding Fund Management
                                                      Company for 2021” ( 金帆獎－ 2021 年度卓越基金管理公司 )




                                                                                                              035
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          International business

          The selection of “Annual Awards” ( 年度獎項 ) organized
          by PDI (Private Debt Investor), an internationally
          renowned private debt industry magazine:

             Huatai International was awarded “Deal of          The selection of “China Securities Golden Bauhinia
          the Year in Asian Pacific Area for 2020” (2020 年      Award” ( 中國證券金紫荊獎 ) organized by Hong Kong
          度 亞 太 區 最 佳 項 目 ) and “Best Real Estate Private       Ta Kung Wen Wei Media Group:
          Debt Investment Fund Manager in Asian Pacific
          Area for 2020” (2020 年度亞太區最佳地產私募債權投                      Huatai International was awarded “Best Chinese
          資基金管理人 )                                              Broker” ( 最佳中資券商 )

          The Selection of “2021 Financial Institution             The paid-in capital of Huatai Financial Holdings
          Awards” (2021 金融機構大獎 ) organized by Bloomberg         (Hong Kong) amounted to HK$10.2 billion, and its
          Businessweek/Chinese Edition:                         capital scale ranked among the top in Hong Kong

              Huatai International was awarded “Outstanding     The selection of “Stock Connect Awards for 2020”
          Securities Company Award” ( 證 券 公 司 傑 出 大 獎 ),        (2020 年度滬深港通獎項 ) organized by HKEX:
          “Risk Management Excellence Award” ( 風 險 管 理 傑            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) was
          出 大 獎 ), “Excellence Award for Digital Innovation”    awarded “Top Breakthrough Broker of the Year 2020”
          ( 數 碼 創 新 卓 越 大 獎 ), “Outstanding Initial Public      at HKEX Stock Connect Award (2020 滬深港通交投躍升
          Offering Project Award” ( 首次公開招股項目卓越大獎 )              經紀商大獎 )
          and “Corporate Financing Excellence Award (the
          Greater Bay Area of the PRC)” ( 企業融資卓越大獎 ( 中          Cerulli Associates and other public information:
          國大灣區 ))                                                  As of the end of the third quarter of 2021,
          The selection of “2021 China Financing Awards”        AssetMark occupied a market share of 11.1% in the
          (2021 年中國融資大獎 ) held by China Financing:              TAMP industry in the United States, ranking the third

              Huatai International was awarded “Star
          Investment Bank in Capital Market” ( 資 本 市 場 明
          星投行 )




036
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
IV. ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESSES DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD

(I) A technology-driven pioneer in China’s securities industry transformation

The Group has been maintaining a high level of resources investment in information technology for many years, and
comprehensively promoting the Group’s digital transformation focusing on the overall target of “client’s success,
business innovation, operation optimization and employee empowering”, and is committed to thoroughly transforming its
business and management model with digital thinking and platforms. It strove to build a leading self-developed system
for information technology research and development to achieve co-creation of technology and business through all-

                                                                                                                                            About Us
round technology empowerment, and create business model innovation driven by digitalization and advantages of
the whole business chain with platform-based support. Meanwhile, with equity investment serving as a link, the Group
focused on outstanding technological innovation companies to accelerate the construction of the fintech ecosystem
and actively established presence in cutting-edge sectors, such as big data, artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud
computing, RPA security and 5G. In the field of wealth management, the Group constantly developed and strengthened
the mobile finance strategy with a commitment to building personalized wealth management platforms with the aim
of mobilization, digitalization and intellectualization; and leveraged the “AORTA” ( 聊 TA) platform to empower front-line
employees, effectively increasing customer scale and activity. In the field of institutional services, Taking “Xing Zhi 2.0” ( 行
知 2.0), our self-developed digital platform serving institutional customers, as the guide, Securities Lending Path ( 融


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
券通 ), credit analysis management system (CAMS system) and INCOS cloud platform combined all links of institutional
services, continuously innovating customer experience, improving service efficiency and promoting the continuous
extension of customer ecology. On the basis of various advanced digital middle office systems developed in-house,


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
the Company continuously advanced the development of platforms such as FICC trading platform and distributed fast
trading platforms to expedite the establishment of cores of trading and enhance pricing capabilities. During the Reporting
Period, the Company launched Securities Lending Path 3.0 ( 融券通 3.0) to move toward open connection from efficient
empowerment, which promoted the innovative development of securities lending business and the continuous expansion
of the scale of securities lending. The Company introduced an integrated trading platform covering both the domestic and
overseas markets to provide customers with full business support at home and abroad, thus creating excellent transaction
services. Moreover, the Company created Data Intelligence Middle Platform 3.0 ( 數 智 中 台 3.0) to build an integrated
data infrastructure platform. The technical competency and talent team the Group developed through independent




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
research and development over the years have laid a solid foundation for the building of platform-based and systematic
competitive advantages.

(II) The open digital wealth management platform provides efficient and professional services to mass
customers

The Group has established one of the most dynamic wealth management platforms in China’s securities industry with
20.00 million customers. Drawing on advanced wealth management service system and experiences at home and abroad,
the Group accelerated the development of wealth management business from product, service, procedure, technology
platform and other aspects. The Group’s wealth management business has formed a platform-based development
model driven by its headquarters. The Group launched “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ), a mobile service platform, for
our clients, and “AORTA” ( 聊 TA), a cloud platform, for investment advisor. The two platforms strengthened their functions,




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
deepened their coordination, and efficiently and accurately empowered front-line investment advisors through iterations
and upgrades. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the cumulative download volume of “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富
通 ) was 65.3196 million. According to the statistics of Analysys, the NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) amounted
to 11.0181 million as at the end of December 2021, ranking the first among all APPs of securities companies. During the




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Reporting Period, the Group as one of the first batch of securities companies which obtained the pilot qualification for fund
investment advisory business, our fund investment advisory business has realized rapid development, and our product
research, strategic operation and companion service systems have been continuously improving.




                                                                                                                                   037
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) First-class investment banking business with systematic services for clients and high-quality
          development

          With fully seizing the opportunities in China’s economic transformation and upgrading and in-depth reform of capital
          market centering on the full implementation of registration system, the Group continued to speed up industrial layout,
          actively implemented the strategy of platformization and ecologicalization with investment banking customer-centric,
          and gave full play of securitized assets as a traffic portal by taking advantage of the big platform covering the whole
          business chain. At the same time, the Group continuously enhanced the linkage and coordination between the investment
          banking business and other various businesses to build an ecosystem for institutional customer services with the
          integration of “buyers + sellers + research institutes”. The Group constantly provided new and old customers with domestic
          and overseas integrated professional investment banking services while going deep into the industry to successfully
          explore and acquire a number of high-quality customers in key industries. The Group retained its leading position in
          serving technology innovation with 109 IPO accepted under the STAR Market and the ChiNext registration system, which
          ranked the third in the market. In 2021, with the launch of public REITs, a major innovative product in the market, the Group
          actively promoted relevant business and successfully advanced the first batch of public REITs launched to market. For
          the M&A and restructuring business, the Group focused on advancing benchmark large-scale and innovative projects
          and actively explored continuous services for customers, maintaining its leading position in the industry. Since 2012, the
          total transactions of M&A and restructuring of the Group, being approved by and registered with the CSRC, reached 150,
          ranking the first in the market. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s lead-underwriting amount of full variety bonds was
          RMB931.103 billion, ranking the third in the industry. The full implementation of the registration-based IPO system and the
          increase in the proportion of direct financing will be the theme of the capital market in 2022. Relying on increasingly active
          equity and debt financing and industrial consolidation activities in the capital market, the Group will embrace sound
          development opportunities.

          (IV) Comprehensive asset management platform with both scale and innovation advantages

          Relying on the large customer base and advantage in the whole business chain resources, the Group has established
          one of the leading asset management platforms in the industry by giving full play to its abilities in exploring investment
          bank assets, risk pricing and product design. The total amount of assets under asset management business ranked the
          forefront of the industry with continuous improvement in the capability and scale of active management. As of the end
          of 2021, the scale of asset management was RMB518.573 billion, and the scale of active management further increased.
          Our management products cover major asset categories forming a product system with a considerable scale and wide
          coverage, which helped the Group build significant operational advantages and market influence. The Group focused
          on the characteristics of brokers, systematically created “basic products + specialized products”, strengthened the two-
          way driving of the Group and established the output model of asset-end products to broaden the size of products and
          meet different needs of the Group, retail customers and high-net-worth customers in the market for product forms and
          risk return. Meanwhile, through customized services featuring multiple assets and multiple strategies, the Group provided
          a basket of customized comprehensive financial services for institutional customers, which met customers’ needs for
          product forms, liquidity and returns through competitive fixed-income products as well as featured products such as FoF
          and MoM. The Group is a leader of ABS product designs in the industry, and has set a benchmark for the industry through
          constant innovation in underlying assets, transaction structure and other aspects. It has issued multiple notes in areas
          such as epidemic control and prevention, and green finance to support real economy projects, with the business scale
          continuously ranking the top in the industry.




038
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(V) Acceleration in global layout and creation of cross-border ecology to march toward a new stage of high-
quality development

The Group always adheres to the strategy of constantly expanding its international business layout along with the international
development of customers, and offers global resources to its customers through continuous deepening of integrated cross-
border linkage and enhancing the comprehensive cross-border financial services platform system, to better serve the overseas
expansion of Chinese customers and the domestic investment of international investors. During the Reporting Period, the
international rating agency Standard & Poor’s raised the credit rating to “BBB+” from “BBB” for the Company and its subsidiary
Huatai International, and maintained the rating of “A-2” for short-term issuer. During the Reporting Period, leveraging on the
Group’s domestic resources and taking cross border as the starting point, Huatai International returned to the origin of brokers
and focused on the development of capital-based intermediary. It deeply cultivated the integrated platform-based and cross-


                                                                                                                                            About Us
border service ecosystem with customer-oriented business concept through effective domestic and overseas linkage, business
synergy, strengthened risk control and platform operations, so as to promote the healthy development of various businesses.
At the same time, during the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) continued to deepen its “4+1” business
platform system with the equity business platform, fixed-income business platform, individual financial platform, fund platform
and flagship investment banking business, which facilitated its differentiated competitive advantages. As of the end of the
Reporting Period, the asset scale of Huatai International exceeded HK$200 billion with continual improvement of comprehensive
strength and ranking at the forefront of Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong. During the Reporting Period, Huatai
Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) was formally admitted as the member of Turquoise under the London Stock Exchange Group,
emerging as the largest securities company in Asian in terms of asset scale with dual memberships of the London Stock
Exchange and Turquoise, which enhanced the ability of the Company to conduct international development and participate in



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
mainstream international capital markets. During the Reporting Period, Huatai International participated in and completed 6 IPO
sponsored–projects and ranked the fifth among Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong in terms of the amount sponsored.
In addition, AssetMark has always maintained independence in operation and completed the acquisition of Voyant during the



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Reporting Period. It kept a steady growth in the asset scale under management with its leading business model and advanced
technology platform, consolidated industry leadership, and constantly increased the Group’s international business revenue.

(VI) Comprehensive risk management featuring professional and platform advantages

The Group has a sound risk management culture and clear risk management objectives, and “stability” is always an
important part of the core values of the Group. The Group is committed to forging an onshore and offshore integrated
risk management system with adhering to the core risk management philosophy of high engagement, full coverage
and deep penetration and taking collectivization, specialization and platformization as the main approach. The Group
has accumulatively established an effective risk management framework, procedures and measures that adapt to the




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
international development of the Company’s businesses with focus on developing the abilities of professional forward-
looking risk evaluation and risk identification capability. It promoted the penetration of risk control on key business and
areas at home and abroad to dynamically monitor and early warning, and rapidly response to risks. Attaching great
importance to the application of advanced IT technology in risk management, the Group solidified various risk control
processes and key nodes with technology to build a risk management workflow driven by technology systems and data
on an on-going basis. During the Reporting Period, the Group comprehensively upgraded the framework for building
integrated risk management platform with outbound extending to achieve integrated technical support onshore and
offshore, and promote the transformation of the risk management model and improve efficiency empowered by
technology.

(VII) Top-ranking talent team and diversified shareholding structure

The consistent development of market-based systems and mechanisms is a key driving force for the continuous




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
transformation and transcendence of the Group. The Group’s professional manager system has been implemented for
two years, and it has built a contractual, market-oriented and professional operation and management team. The new
operation and management team has broad vision, rich experience and strong business capabilities, and is leading
the Company to open up a new development situation. The Group is deeply rooted in the corporate culture gene of




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
“technology empowerment, innovation and initiative”, and continuously enriches and deepens the cultural connotation
of “openness, inclusiveness, innovation, struggle and responsibility”, accumulating lasting power and vitality for the in-
depth promotion of the “two-pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 ) strategy. Focusing on optimizing talent structure and improving talent
effectiveness, the Group is committed to building a platform-based talent development model towards the professional,
high-caliber, younger and international talents, in bid to promote the growth of talents together with the organization
and transform its talent advantage into a core competitive advantage. The Group has established and improved a
mechanism for the selection and appointment of talents based on ability and contribution, established a market-
oriented employment mechanism and compensation incentive mechanism. During the Reporting Period, the Company
implemented the restricted share incentive scheme for senior and middle management and core staff, which fully
demonstrated the concept of benefits and risks sharing with employees, and pursuit of sustainable development together,
so as to further stimulate the vitality of market-oriented organizations. Since 2018, the Group has started the reformation
of mixed ownership and brought in important strategic investors, established a more diversified shareholding structure.
The diversified and balanced structure of shareholders and the Board has effectively enhanced the transparency of the
corporate governance and presented new concepts and new strategic resources for the Group’s future development.




                                                                                                                                   039
042
HUATAI SECURITIES




          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
          AND ANALYSIS and Report
          of the Board



          I. OPERATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                          Year-
                                                                       on-year
                                                                     change of             Year-
                                                                      segment            on-year
                           Segment                         Segment     revenue         change of        Year-on-year
                            revenue                           profit and other          segment            change of
                          and other      Segment Segment    margin      income          expenses       segment profit
          Segment            income      expenses  results      (%)         (%)              (%)              margin
          Wealth                                                                                      Increase of 2.06
          management      26,159,829 (18,549,453)      7,610,376      29.09    34.31          30.51       percentage
          business                                                                                             points
          Institutional                                                                                Increase of 0.41
          services        12,495,351     (7,574,761)   4,930,421      39.46    18.72          17.86       percentage
          business                                                                                               point
                                                                                                            Decrease
          Investment
                                                                                                              of 40.41
          management       4,162,162    (1,290,760) 3,420,097          82.17    2.26       (26.50)
                                                                                                          percentage
          business
                                                                                                               points
                                                                                                      Increase of 13.43
          International
                          7,892,395     (6,463,785)    1,430,109       18.12   42.19          22.18        percentage
          business
                                                                                                                points
          Others                                                                                      Increase of 30.81
          (including        1,216,667   (4,405,064)    (1,118,441)   (91.93)   33.47          24.19        percentage
          offset)                                                                                               points
                                                                                                        Decrease of
          Segment total   51,926,404 (38,283,823) 16,272,562          31.34    28.10         22.57 1.98 percentage
                                                                                                             points
                                                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(I) Wealth management business

1. Market environment and industry trend of wealth management business

(1) The in-depth development of the wealth management market in China drove business
transformation and upgrading and the space for development in the wealth management industry
was broad

The wealth management institutions with outstanding business capabilities and mature service systems
will embrace development opportunities, due to the continuous release of the potential of China’s real

                                                                                                                                                                                    About Us
economy, the steady advancement of financial supply-side structural reform, the development and
improvement of a multi-level capital market, the increasing supply of financial investment products and the
continuous growth of total social wealth, the optimization of asset allocation structures of residents as well
as the increasing demand for professional investment advisory. Obtaining customers’ minds based on the
service model of branding, content marketing and platform operation will become the key to the success
of the wealth management business of securities companies in the future. According to the statistics of
China Merchants Bank’s private wealth report, as of the end of 2021, the overall scale of investable assets
held by individuals in China reached approximately RMB268 trillion, representing an increase of 11.20% from



                                                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
the end of 2020; the number of high-net-worth individuals with personal investable assets of over RMB10
million reached approximately 2.96 million, representing an increase of 12.98% from the end of 2020. Under
the background of construction a new dual-cycle development pattern, market-wide registration reform,


                                                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
increased industry penetration rate in wealth management and increased demand for specialized business,
etc., wealth management institutions that focus on building an innovation-driven wealth management
business ecosystem, forge wealth management service capabilities on the whole business chain, enhance
the customer-centric service concept, deeply understand diversified customer needs, and pay attention
to customer’s full life cycle, full category product and services are expected to continue to expand their
competitive advantages and provide all-round and comprehensive financial services for customers.




                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Total size and year-on-year growth rate of investable                           Number and year-on-year growth rate of high net worth
assets held by individuals in China                                             individuals with investable assets over RMB10 million

Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB                                     Unit: %   Unit: ten thousand people                                                 Unit: %
                                                                                                                                                      296.00
300              27.91%                                                 30%     300    CAGR                                                                          30%
                                                             268.00                                                                         262.00
        CAGR                                                                           +15.30%
                                                    241.00
250     +12.96%                                                                 250                                               220.00
                                                   20.50%                                         25.40%
                                       200.00                                                                         197.00               19.09%
                          188.00 190.00                                                                     187.00
200                                                                     20%     200                                                                                  20%
                 165.00                                                                           158.00
                                                                                                           18.35%                                   12.98%
150     129.00                                                                  150     126.00                                    11.68%
                          13.94%
100                                                                     10%     100                                                                                  10%
                                                           11.20%




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                                            5.26%
 50                                                                              50
                                 1.06%                                                                                5.35%
   0                                                                    0%        0                                                                                  0%
         2015    2016     2017    2018      2019    2020     2021                        2015      2016      2017       2018       2019      2020      2021




                                                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
          Total size of investable assets          Year-on-year growth rate                Number of high net worth individuals           Year-on-year growth rate

Source: China Merchants Bank's private wealth report                             Source: China Merchants Bank's private wealth report




(2) Changes in clients’ demands and market competition trends continuously promoted the
enhancement of the wealth management service capability of securities companies

With the continuous advancement of the comprehensive deepening reform of the capital market, the
continuous expansion of the new pattern of two-way opening of the financial market, the accelerated
penetration of Fintech into the securities industry, and the increasingly fierce market competition, wealth
management institutions are facing diversified wealth management demands of customers and stricter
requirements on whole-process experience. Building a wealth management service model under the




                                                                                                                                                                           045
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          new ecosystem, continuously improving the wealth management business system and increasingly
          enhancing the wealth management service capability have become important directions for the strategic
          transformation of securities companies. During the Reporting Period, the domestic stock market index hiked
          with the Wind All China Index rose by 9.17%, the Shanghai Composite Index rose by 4.80%, the Shenzhen
          Component Index rose by 2.67%, and the ChiNext Index rose by 12.02%; in terms of major international indexes,
          the S&P 500 rose by 26.89%, the Nasdaq rose by 21.39%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose by 18.73% and
          the FTSE 100 rose by 14.30%. In the context of continuously strengthened linkages between domestic and
          foreign capital markets, gradually improved regulatory policies and market mechanisms, and constantly
          expanded wealth management instruments and product supply, the complexity of asset allocation
          services is increasing, and clients have more recognized the allocation opinions and the value of services
          of professional wealth management institutions with global vision and international competitiveness. The
          expansion of pilot institutions of fund investment advisory business and the opening of pilot optimization
          of account management function of securities companies will promote the accelerated upgrading of the
          wealth management business model. Financial institutions which firmly transform towards a comprehensive
          business model with coordinated development of multiple businesses, continuously improve professional
          asset allocation service capabilities, and creating long-term value for customers will have a better chance
          to gain an advantage in future competition.


          Trends of major China-related indexes in 2021             Trends of major international indexes in 2021

           15%                                                      30%
                                                                             26.89%
                                                        12.02%      25%
           12%
                                                                                        21.39%
                     9.17%                                          20%                              18.73%
           9%
                                                                                                                       14.30%
                                                                     15%
           6%
                                4.80%
                                                                     10%

           3%                                2.67%
                                                                     5%


           0%                                                        0%
                     Wind All      SSE       Shenzhen   ChiNext                S&P      NASDAQ       Dow Jones          FTSE
                     China      Composite   Component    Price                                    Industrial Average
                      Index       Index                  Index
                                                                               500       Index                           100
                                               Index
          Source: Wind                                              Source: Wind




          (3) Fintech empowerment and digital transformation reshape the operation and management model
          and lead the iterative upgrade of the wealth management industry

          In recent years, securities companies have proactively grasped the new trend of the continuous expansion
          of Fintech application scenarios and the accelerated penetration of digitalization, by empowering all
          links of the wealth management business value chain through Fintech application innovation, building
          a digital, platform-based and ecological new wealth management service model, so as to realize the
          synergy, integration and sharing of internal and external resources and build a business model that
          integrates technology and business in an all-round way. Moreover, securities companies continued to
          optimize customer experience, improve business process, enhance operating efficiency, create new
          drivers for business growth and enhance the capabilities of securities companies in providing customers
          with professional, intelligent, and integrated financial services. Fintech and digital transformation have
          become basic driving forces to evolution of the financial ecosystem and strategic commanding heights
          for the competitiveness of securities companies, which will profoundly change the business model,
          business structure and operation systems of securities companies and will be the core driving force to the
          development of the securities industry in the next strategic cycle. In particular, the prevention and control of
          the COVID-19 epidemic has further deepened the demand for online financial services and the integration of
          Fintech with business scenarios will be closer. The inevitable choice of a large domestic securities company
          to build differentiated competitive advantages and achieve continuous innovation in business models is
          to use Fintech empowerment, fully advance digital transformation, reshape business development with




046
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
technology, strive to build open and win-win digital new ecosystems and provide customers with all-round
wealth management services.


2. Operational measures and achievements of wealth management business

(1) Securities, futures and options brokerage business

During the Reporting Period, the Group deeply concentrated on the wealth management demand of
customers, focused on building the new structure of wealth management business platform and operation
model, constantly expanded the business coverage and continuously expanded the size of customers and

                                                                                                                                                             About Us
customer assets, further improving the market influence of the wealth management business. It continued
to build the development advantage with the linkage of dual platforms, namely the “ZhangLe Fortune Path”
( 漲樂財富通 ) platform and the “AORTA” ( 聊 TA) platform, and formed a closed business loop to continuously
strengthen the capability of platforms in empowering customers and investment advisory and enhance
the customer stickiness and the activeness of platforms. With the integrated operation of platforms as the
core and the contents as key drivers, the Group paid attention to traffic operation and customer operation,
improved the full-cycle customer operation chain and continuously enhanced the capability on traffic
undertaking and transformation and the full-cycle service operation of customers. Based on the customer


                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
hierarchical and grading system and their differentiated needs, it also continued to build a professional
investment consultant team and comprehensively enhanced the professional capabilities with asset
allocation services as the core, so as to expand the width and depth of investment advisory services.


                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
The Group continuously promoted innovation in products and services of the “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂
財富通 ) platform and newly launched the content operation model with short videos and live broadcasts as
carriers and actively built the new platform of the “personalized” ZhangLe Fortune Path towards customers,
fully improving the level of customer services and constantly consolidating the leading position in the
industry. During the Reporting Period, “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) had a download volume of 7.2432
million, with a cumulative download volume of 65.3196 million since its launch; the number of accounts
opened by mobile terminal customers was 2.5995 million, accounting for 99.42% of all accounts; 96.13% of




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
trading customers used “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) to conduct transactions. According to the
statistics of Analysys Think Tanks ( 易 觀 智 庫 ), during the Reporting Period, the average monthly activity of
“ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ) was 8.9131 million. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the monthly
activity was 11.0181 million, ranking the first among securities company apps, which means “ZhangLe Fortune
Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) has continued to play its important role as the core platform carrier of the Group’s wealth
management business. At the same time, the Group promoted the construction of “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全
球通 ) platform in an orderly manner and continuously consolidated the basic trading service capability of
the platform, and be committed to providing customers with one-stop investment management services
for global assets. The cumulative download volume of “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) was 927,300 since its
launch. During the Reporting Period, the average monthly activity was 103,100.




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
 Average NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path”                                     Proportion of the number of users trading through
                                                                            “ZhangLe Fortune Path”
                                                       Unit: ten thousand




                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
1,000       CAGR                                                            100%                                             93.00% 94.51% 94.76%
                                                       889.66 891.31                                                90.25%
            +20.13%                                                                                 87.24% 88.33%
                                                                                    84.22% 84.83%

 800                                          755.03
                                                                            90%
                                     663.69
                          583.96
 600             532.43
                                                                            80%

 400
        296.54
                                                                             70%
 200


    0                                                                       60%
         2015     2016     2017      2018     2019     2020    2021                 2018Q2 2018Q4 2019Q2 2019Q4 2020Q2 2020Q4 2021Q2 2021Q4

  Source: Statistics from Analysys                                           Source: Internal statistics from the Company




                                                                                                                                                    047
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Group further strengthened its advantages in trading services based on advanced platforms. According
          to the statistics of members of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, the Group’s equity and fund
          trading volume totaled RMB42.29 trillion, ranking the first place in the industry. As of the end of the Reporting
          Period, according to internal statistics, the total assets of client accounts reached RMB5.40 trillion.


          Data of agency transaction amount
                                                                                                                                        Currency: RMB

                                            2021                                                                  2020

                                            Agency transaction amount                                            Agency transaction amount
          Type of securities                                                              Type of securities
                                                          (in RMB100 million)                                                   (in RMB100 million)

          Stocks                                                    392,026.40         Stocks                                              316,393.11

          Funds                                                      30,889.85         Funds                                              25,494.38

          Debentures                                                386,057.90         Debentures                                        345,299.16

          Total                                                      808,974.15        Total                                             687,186.65

          Note: In view of the fact that Wind Information no longer collects and publishes its member trading volume data, the data of trading volume
          in 2020 and 2021 are cited from the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchange members’ statistics in which the fund data do not include trading
          volume of money market funds on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.




          Equity fund trading volume                                                 Total assets of client accounts
                                                 Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB                                    Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB


          Market
          ranking
                     1       1       1       1        1       1        1      1
          50                                                                          6
                            45.16                                                                                                            5.40
                                                                             42.29
                                                      CAGR                                       CAGR                           4.74
                                                                                      5
          40                                          +19.14%                                    +29.96%
                                                                     34.19
                                                                                      4
          30                                                                                                   3.35
                                    24.52
                                                                                      3
                                                            20.57                                2.46
                                            19.01
          20
                                                    14.27                             2
                    12.41

          10
                                                                                      1


           0                                                                          0
                    2014    2015    2016    2017    2018     2019    2020    2021                2018          2019             2020         2021

          Source: Regular reports of the Company                    Trading volume     Source: Regular reports of the Company                       AUM



          During the Reporting Period, the Southbound Trading business went steadily, with the number of clients
          increasing steadily and the services continuing to be deepened. For the Southbound Trading business under
          Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, there were 64.3 thousand authorized users in total. For the Southbound
          Trading business under Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, there were 66.3 thousand authorized users
          in total. In terms of stock options brokerage business, the Group has further boost efforts in technology
          support, optimized the trading platform system, strengthened online and offline linkage services to improve
          the intelligent operation, and therefore the business has continued to maintain its market leading edge.
          According to the statistics of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Group’s stock option brokerage business at
          the Shanghai Stock Exchange ranked the first in the industry in terms of trading volume and market share
          during the Reporting Period.

          For the futures brokerage business, Huatai Futures continued to optimize its outlet layout. As of the end of the
          Reporting Period, there were 9 branches and 41 futures branches in total covering 4 municipalities directly




048
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
under the Central Government and 16 provinces in China, being the agent of 91 types of futures. During
the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures (excluding clearing members) realized an agency trading volume of
730.4848 million lots with a transaction amount of RMB67,951,422 million. The Group’s futures IB business
increased consistently, with 230 securities branches permitted to be engaged in futures IB business and the
total number of futures IB business customers reaching 55,547 as of the end of the Reporting Period.


(2) Financial product sales and fund investment advisory business

During the Reporting Period, the Group promoted the business development of financial products centered
on customer needs from multiple angles. Through the professional and digital large-scale asset research


                                                                                                                                           About Us
system, strategy research and development system, product research and evaluation system, product and
fund investment advisory service system and based on the comprehensive platform-based operation, the
Group provided customers with strategic portfolios and financial products that meet their risk and return
needs, and met customers’ multi-level wealth management needs. The Group actively integrated internal
and external resources, strengthened the layered and hierarchical customer service model and formed
multi-level investment solutions with fund investment advisory, private fund portfolio and product selection
as subjects covering public and private fund portfolios and products to meet the investment demands of
different customer groups. According to internal statistics, the number of financial products held (except
for the cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天 天 發 )) was 7,181, and their sales scale (except for the


                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天 天 發 )) was RMB759.418 billion, which has increased steadily.
According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ) as


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
of the fourth quarter of 2021, the Group’s shares and hybrid public funds maintained a scale of RMB85,000
million, and the public funds in the non-money market maintained a scale of RMB93,200 million, both
ranking the second in the industry.

During the Reporting Period, in terms of fund investment advisory business, the Group strengthened and
improved the strategic investment and research system, operation promotion system, service system and
related system platforms, continuously optimized customer service scenarios and customer service plans,
built life-cycle companion service systems for customers and continuously improved customer coverage




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
and satisfaction through continuous customers operations. It also continued to improve the strategic
investment and research infrastructure, built a buy-side investment and research system integrating asset
research, allocation research and fund research, optimized and diversified strategy portfolio models. The
Group strengthened the construction of a digitized empowerment platform, adopted the agile development
model and actively built a strategy and product investment and research system to achieve the full
coverage of customer and product services and effectively improve the overall business efficiency and
capability. The Group promoted the comprehensive operation of the fund investment advisory business and
the revenue from the fund investment advisory business increased rapidly. As of the end of the Reporting
Period, according to internal statistics, the fund investment advisory business authorized assets amounted
to RMB19.511 billion and the number of customers was 722,100.




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
(3) Capital-based intermediary business                 Scale of margin financing and securities lending business
                                                                                        Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
During the Reporting Period, the Group adhered                                                            7.67%
                                                       1,500                                                      1,376.99   8%
to the customer-oriented operation philosophy,



                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                          1,241.23 7.52%
responded to customers’ feedbacks in a timely
manner, continuously diversified marketing and
                                                       1,200   5.63% 5.87% 5.73%                 6.59%                       6%
service models, built a matrix customer service                  CAGR                   5.76%
                                                        900      +13.01%
system, enhanced differentiated and professional                                                 671.25
                                                               661.14                                                        4%
service capabilities, and constantly improved
                                                                        551.43 588.13
                                                        600
the risk management and control system to                                               435.15
consolidate business competition advantage.                                                                                  2%
                                                        300
Relying on the cooperation and linkage across the
entire business chain, it led digital transformation
                                                           0                                                                 0%
through platform construction, continuously                     2015    2016   2017      2018    2019      2020    2021
enhanced the securities lending business operation
                                                                Balance               Market share
and management capability, consolidated the             Source: Regular reports of the Company




                                                                                                                                  049
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          foundation for the development of securities sources, expanded the scale of the securities pools, constantly
          improved customers’ service experience and achieved business extension and empowerment with the
          securities lending business as the trigger. The Group released the “Securities Lending Path 3.0” ( 融券通 3.0),
          further advanced the construction of the open platform for securities lending, integrated various customer
          terminals such as “Xing Zhi” and “Wind” and continuously optimized the new model of digital operation of
          the securities lending industry. During the Reporting Period, the capital-based intermediary business of
          the Group showed good development momentum, the scale of margin financing and securities lending
          business increased steadily. The market share continued to increase, the securities lending business
          maintained the sound development momentum, and the stock pledged repurchase business structure was
          optimized to make business risks controllable. According to the regulatory statement data, as of the end
          of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin financing and securities lending business of the Company
          was RMB137.699 billion, with a year-on-year increase of 10.94% and a market share of 7.52%, and the integral
          maintenance guarantee ratio was 312.02%. Among them, the balance of securities lending business
          was RMB24.705 billion, with a market share of 20.56%. The pending repurchase balance of stock pledged
          repurchase business was RMB43.899 billion in total, with an average fulfillment guarantee ratio of 302.99%.
          Among them, the pending repurchase balance of on-balance-sheet business was RMB5.990 billion, with an
          average fulfillment guarantee ratio of 311.68%; while the pending repurchase balance of off-balance-sheet
          business was RMB37.909 billion.

          Scale of stock pledged repurchase business                             Overall guarantee ratio and average fulfilment
                                      Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB       guarantee ratio

          1,000                                                                  400%
                                    908.75
                                                                                           370.33%
           800
                           690.26                                                350%      339.23% 337.76%

           600                                                                                                  304.35%              314.66%      312.02%
                                             539.04                                                                                         302.93%
                                                                        438.99   300%                                     272.82%
                  389.28                                                                                                                                  302.99%
           400                                        378.14
                                                               314.56                                                                            287.46%
                                                                                 250%                                                 267.70%
           200
                                                                                                    245.28%
                                                                                                                237.95% 231.67%

             0                                                                   200%
                   2015    2016     2017     2018     2019     2020     2021                2015       2016       2017      2018       2019      2020       2021

                  Pending repurchase balance                                            Overall guarantee ratio of margin financing and securities lending business
          Source: Regular reports of the Company                                        Average fulfilment guarantee ratio of stock pledged repurchase business
                                                                                 Source: Regular reports of the Company




          3. Prospect of wealth management business for 2022

          Wealth management business carries the strategic functions of the Group to gather and accumulate
          customer resources and assets on a large scale. In 2022, the Group will continue to seize the strategic
          opportunities for the in-depth development of the wealth management market, rely on the dual-end
          platform and ecosystem operation for customers and investment advisors, further expand the size of
          customers and customers’ assets through the integrated operation driven by the headquarters with the
          coordination of the headquarters and branches, promote its transformation into a full life cycle service and
          asset allocation service model for customers and continue to build new competitive edges for the future.

          For wealth management business, the Group will continue to implement the philosophy of technology
          empowerment and platform-based operation, increase investment on technology and contents and
          promote high-quality business development with the refined, differentiated and intelligent operation and
          professional online and offline synergy. It will continue to focus on operation as the core, maintain the
          business idea of “gathering traffic with contents, accumulating traffic with private traffic and magnifying
          traffic with operation”, build the traffic ecosystem with an open thinking, improve the operation efficiency
          with platform empowerment and consolidate the competitive advantages with the improvement of staff
          performance through professional division of work. The Group will continue to optimize the classified and




050
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
hierarchical service system on investment advisory, optimize outstanding investment advisory service
models and build professional and three-dimensional investment advisory teams through platform
empowerment to comprehensively improve the efficiency of investment advisory services. It will deepen
digital development strategies, fully upgrade the service capability of the “personalized” “ZhangLe Fortune
Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ) platform and consolidate and optimize the capability on the operation of the “AORTA”
( 聊 TA) platform to build the refined, digital and systematic operation system and continuously enhance
customer stickiness and satisfaction.

For the financial product sales business, the Group will consistently enrich the classified and hierarchical
product supply and services, iterate and optimize the investment and research model, upgrade the large-


                                                                                                                                                          About Us
scale asset rating framework and enhance the response to diversified customer demands and operation
capacity to support the continuous growth in the customer scale and asset. It will step up efforts in the
operation and marketing of the fund investment advisory business, continue to diversify strategic portfolios,
practically enhance the product research and investment capabilities and actively explore internal and
external customer groups to continuously optimize operation and service systems and enhance the profit
experience of customers.

For the capital-based intermediary business, the Group will continue to be customer-oriented, continuously
strengthen the construction of the marketing service system to improve the efficiency of business operation.



                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
It will focus on differentiated competitions on the ability to obtain sources of securities, the customer service
capability and the application of Fintech to further improve the quality of business development. We will put
more efforts in providing resources, improve the digital operation platform, deepen the cooperation across


                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
the business chain, continue to promote the iteration and upgrading of the “Securities Lending Path”
( 融券通 ) platform and create an integrated securities pool at home and abroad, on and off the market.
We will vigorously build an open and efficient ecosystem in the securities lending industry and continuously
reinforce the brand advantage of the “Securities Lending Path” ( 融券通 ).



(II) Institutional services business




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
1. Market environment and industry trend of institutional services business

(1) The transformation and upgrading of real economies and the comprehensive deepening reform of the
capital market have provided greater potentials for the display of integrated advantages of institutional
services business

With the consolidation and expansion of the stable        Statistics of stock issuance
recovery of China’s economic development, the                                                     Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
supply-side structural reform and the innovation-
                                                          25,000
driven development strategy are further advanced,
the strategic position of the capital market in



                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                                          20,000
serving the high-quality development of the
economy continues to rise, in which the market            15,000

vitality and driving force will be further released,



                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                          10,000
the institutional service business will have an
opportunity to achieve leap-forward development,
                                                           5,000
providing institutional clients with a full range of
high-quality comprehensive financial services                  0
                                                                       2015       2016      2017       2018       2019       2020      2021
will become an important manifestation of the
core competitiveness of securities companies.                 Funds raised from the IPO                  Funds raised from additional offering
                                                              Funds raised from share allotment          Funds raised from preferred shares
Against the background of the promulgation and                Funds raised from convertible bonds        Funds raised from exchangeable bonds
implementation of the new Securities Law, the             Notes:
merger of Shenzhen Stock Exchange’s main board            1. Source: Wind;
and SME (small and medium enterprises) board,             2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including
                                                          issuance of shares for purchasing assets), share allotment, preferred
the official opening of Beijing Stock Exchange, the       shares, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
establishment and improvement of the normalized           3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.




                                                                                                                                                 051
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          delisting mechanism, the implementation of the registration system reform and the promotion in the whole
          market step by step in recent years, the capital market has initiated a new stage with the full optimization of
          fundamental systems and the reform and development for the full restructuring of the market ecosystem,
          which presents the increasingly mature market-based issuance and underwriting mechanisms and
          the investment banking business of securities companies faces high-level transformation strategic
          opportunities, securities companies with outstanding business capabilities, rich project reserves and mature
          integrated operation will achieve more progresses in business and income. In the future, with the deepening
          of China’s capital market reform and the building of the new pattern of the multi-tiered capital market
          with dislocation development and orderly competition, the capital market will fully display the function
          of resource allocation and provide financial services to enterprises in different stages of development.
          The securities industry will embrace historical development opportunities with the improvement of
          the market width and depth. Securities companies with the ability to better capture macroeconomic
          trends and development opportunities in the reform of the capital market, improve the comprehensive
          service capabilities across the entire business chain in an all-around way, promote the comprehensive
          transformation and upgrading of the business system and create long-term value for their clients will face
          more business opportunities.

          Statistics of bond issuance                                                        Statistics of material assets reorganization of the Company
                                            Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                             Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          800,000                                                                  60,000    15,000                                                            500

          700,000
                                                                                   50,000
                                                                                             12,000                                                            400
          600,000
                                                                                   40,000
          500,000                                                                            9,000                                                             300
          400,000                                                                  30,000
                                                                                             6,000                                                             200
          300,000
                                                                                   20,000
          200,000
                                                                                             3,000                                                             100
                                                                                   10,000
          100,000

               0                                                                   0             0                                                             0
                    2015     2016    2017     2018     2019   2020     2021                           2015    2016    2017   2018    2019   2020    2021

                    Issue amount                     Number of issuance                               Transaction amount              Number of transactions
          Notes:                                                                             Notes:
          1. Source: Wind;
                                                                                             1. Source: Wind;
          2. The statistical coverage includes government bonds, local government bonds,
          NCD, financial bonds, enterprise bonds, corporate bonds, mediumterm notes,         2. The statistical caliber of Wind is the reorganization transactions of
          short-term financing bonds, dedicated instruments, bonds issued by international   material assets disclosed by A-share listed companies.
          institutions, bonds issued by government-supported agencies, asset-backed
          securities, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
          3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.




          (2) The development trend of institutionalization, increased concentration, and internationalization
          of market participants have set higher standards for institutional services business of securities
          companies

          Institutional investors are becoming the main force in the capital market, with the establishment and
          improvement of the multi-tiered capital market, the development and growth of domestic and foreign
          professional institutional investors, the marketization operation of domestic social security funds, insurance
          funds, and bank wealth management funds, the lowering market entry barriers for foreign capital, the
          increased indirect participation of individual investors in securities market investment through financial
          products, the development and application of new technologies and the more obvious influence of the
          institutional market. Driven by the accelerated transformation and upgrading of China’s macro economy,
          the comprehensively and deeply advancing of the reform of the capital market system and the policy
          orientation of promoting fund development, the trend of residents’ wealth allocation towards financial
          assets is continuously enhanced, the scale of mutual and private funds hit a new high with the market
          influence continuously enhanced and the process of institutionalization of the capital market sped up,
          which have raised higher requirements on the capabilities of securities companies in providing integrated
          and professional financial services. In addition, in the context of the accelerated formation of a new pattern




052
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
of high-level two-way opening of the capital market, the classified supervision of securities companies, the
implementation of the “whitelist” ( 白名單 ) system and the establishment of aircraft carrier-level securities
companies, superior market resources are speeding up in flowing into superior institutes and the strength
polarization in the industry is increasingly obvious. The provision of comprehensive financial services to
customers based on platform empowerment and efficient integration of onshore and offshore business
resources will be the key in the new round competition on the institutional services business of securities
companies. In the future, large-scale securities companies with advantages in systematic institutional
services, differentiated and international institutional service capacities as well as advantages in institutional
customer base, professional talent team and brand influence will obtain more development opportunities.



                                                                                                                              About Us
(3) The sustainable development of institutional services business of securities companies requires
strong risk management capabilities as the foundation

With the manifestations and transmission channels of financial risks becoming more and more complex
and the risk management being increasingly difficult in recent years, it is key for securities companies to
achieve more steady and sustainable development to improve the comprehensive risk management
structure based on their own development strategies and business development and establish effective
pre-risk control procedures, complete risk management systems and strong cultural systems on risks.
Securities companies must continuously improve risk supervision mechanisms, establish and improve


                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
the risk management system across all business chains, continuously optimize the risk management
system and procedure design and enhance the professionalism and penetration of risk management to


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
comprehensively improve risk management capabilities, effectively prevent, manage and defuse financial
risks and enhance core competitive advantages. The prevention and management of financial risks requires
securities companies to continuously optimize the organizational structure and operational process of risk
management, continue to improve the professional and platform-based comprehensive risk management
mechanism to achieve centralized monitoring, analysis and full process control of risk information. Defusing
financial risks requires securities companies to effectively utilize the financial derivatives market while
possessing strong capital strength. Based on the continuous improvement in professional capabilities such
as valuation, pricing and trading, securities companies should deepen the coverage and penetration of




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
professional risk management to the entire business process, enhance the professionalism, perspectiveness
and proactiveness of risk management strategies and control measures and earnestly seize new
opportunities in the high-end development of institutional services business coupled with their unique risk
management service value and differentiated financial product innovation and design capability.

2. Operational measures and achievements of institutional services business

(1) Investment banking business

During the Reporting Period, the Group firmly grasped significant opportunities in deepening the reform
of the capital market and continued to promote the full-service business chain strategy. Adhering to




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
the customer-oriented operation philosophy and towards the direction of industry focus, regional layout
and customer demand exploration, the Group strengthened domestic and overseas, on-exchange
and OTC cross-market synergy, comprehensively improved the full-range product service ability and




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
the comprehensive service quick response ability and achieved outstanding results in all sectors of the
investment banking business.




                                                                                                                     053
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Consolidated data                                                                                                                         Currency: RMB


                                      Times of lead                       Lead underwriting amount                         Lead underwriting income
          Categories of             underwriting (time)                      (in RMB10 thousand)                              (in RMB10 thousand)
          Issuance                 Current        Accumulated                   Current Accumulated                            Current         Accumulated
                                    Period       over the years                  Period over the years                          Period        over the years

          Issue of new
                                           32                  227           3,599,489.71         18,470,069.91             192,087.76               883,565.15
          shares

          Additional
          issue of new                     35                  251         6,016,955.00          40,867,389.22                41,459.62              310,338.30
          shares

          Allotment of
                                            2                   34            495,302.83           2,162,160.55                1,504.49                 22,637.37
          shares

          Issue of bonds              1,766                   3,671     60,007,326.06            198,134,436.47               119,532.41             541,398.07

          Total                       1,835                   4,183       70,119,073.60         259,634,056.15             354,584.28              1,757,938.89

          Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements, while the statistical caliber is the issuance completion date of the project; preferred
          shares are included in the additional newly issued shares; bonds issuance includes treasury bonds, enterprise bonds, corporate bonds (including
          exchangeable bonds), convertible bonds, short-term financing bonds and medium-term notes, etc., but it excludes asset-backed securitization
          projects.



          ① Equity underwriting business

          During the Reporting Period, the equity underwriting business maintained platform-based and integrated
          operation with high-quality customers as the center, deeply explored regional development, focused on
          industries, actively built a business system with the multi-dimensional integration of industries, regions
          and products and achieved full results in business deployment. According to the statistics from Wind
          Information, the Group’s equity lead underwriting amount (including the initial public offering, follow-on
          offering, allotment of shares, preferred shares, convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds) was RMB176.247
          billion, ranking the fourth in the industry; and the convertible bonds lead underwriting amount was
          RMB47.263 billion, ranking the first in the industry. According to the statistics of stock exchanges, as of the
          end of the Reporting Period, the accumulated number of registration-based IPOs in the STAR Market and the
          ChiNext of the Group was 109, ranking the third in the industry.

          Number and ranking of equity underwriting                                    Amount and ranking of equity underwriting
                                                                                                                          Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          Market
          ranking
                      1       3       4          3      3       3        3             Market
                                                                                       ranking
                                                                                                    4        3        5        3         3          3          4
                                                                         98
          100              CAGR                                                       2,000
                           +2.20%                                                                                                                           1,762.47
                     86                                                                                             CAGR
                                                                77                                       1,578.70 +5.09%
           80                74                                                                                                                  1,475.46
                                      69                                               1,500                               1,384.66
                                                                                                 1,308.40                             1,320.95

           60                                                                                                      1,105.72
                                                        49
                                                                                       1,000
                                                39
           40

                                                                                        500
           20


            0                                                                               0
                    2015    2016     2017       2018   2019    2020    2021                       2015      2016    2017      2018     2019       2020       2021

                    Number of equity underwriting                                                Amount of equity underwriting

          Notes:
          1. Source: Wind;
          2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including ancillary financing and placement subscribed with assets), share
          allotment, preferred shares, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
          3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date. Therefore,
          there are differences between the data from Wind and the statistical data from the Company.




054
                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
② Bonds underwriting business

During the Reporting Period, the bonds underwriting business gave full play to its all-license edge and all-
round business advantages of equity-debt linkage, achieving continuous breakthroughs in professional
teams. It actively built benchmark projects and focused on products such as local government bonds
and financial bonds with the number of customer groups further increased, the customer structure further
optimized, the regional market share further expanded, product layout making achievements and the
business scale achieving remarkable growth. According to the statistics from Wind Information, the Group’s
lead-underwriting amount of full variety bonds was RMB931.103 billion, ranking the third in the industry.



                                                                                                                                                                             About Us
Number and ranking of bond underwriting                                            Amount and ranking of bond underwriting
                                                                                                                       Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


                                                 6         4        3                                    7         7        8         7          5          3
Market                                                                            Market
ranking                                                                           ranking

2,500                                                                            10,000                                                                  9,311.03
                                                                  2,193

2,000                                                    1,826                    8,000
                 CAGR                                                                          CAGR
                 +64.67%                                                                       +50.20%                                        5,669.63
1,500                                                                              6,000




                                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                               1,086
1,000                                                                              4,000                                           3,356.47




                                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                                                                      1,978.24 2,016.00 2,043.40
                                       432
 500                          329                                                  2,000
                    274                                                                      811.08
           110
    0                                                                                   0
          2015      2016     2017     2018      2019     2020      2021                       2015      2016     2017      2018     2019       2020       2021

          Number of bond underwriting                                                         Amount of bond underwriting

Notes:
1. Source: Wind;
2. The statistical coverage includes local government bonds, policy-bank bonds, non-policy financial bonds (including securities corporate




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
bonds), enterprise bonds, corporate bonds, medium-term notes, short-term financing bonds (including ultra short-term financing bonds),
dedicated instruments, bonds issued by international institutions, bonds issued by government-supported agencies, asset-backed securities,
convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds and other bonds;
3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date. Besides, the
statistical coverage of Wind is different from that of regulatory reporting. Therefore, there are differences between the data from Wind and the
statistical data from the Company. For the calculation method of issuing number, the statistical caliber of Wind is different from that of regulatory reporting.



③ Financial advisory business

During the Reporting Period, in terms of the M&A and restructuring, the financial advisory business seized
the historical opportunity of SOEs reform and focused on capabilities on the identification of high-value
transaction opportunity and deal-making, and vigorously developed customer continuous services, thus
maintaining the leading position of the M&A and restructuring business and continuously expanding the



                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
market share. Based on the public statistics of the CSRC and stock exchanges, the number of M&A and
restructuring projects disclosed and accepted with the Group acting as the independent financial advisor
during the Reporting Period was 16 and 16, respectively, ranking the first in the industry in terms of the



                                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
number of reserve M&A and restructuring projects. Nine institutions are registered with and approved by
the CSRC to conduct M&A and restructuring transactions, ranking the third in the industry with a transaction
amount of RMB64.893 billion, ranking the third in the industry.




                                                                                                                                                                    055
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Amount, number and ranking of merger, acquisition and reorganization
                                                                                                                                                        Currency: RMB


                                                        2015              2016             2017             2018              2019             2020              2021

          Number                                           29                21                 11              15                14                9                9


          Ranking by number                                 1                1                5                 3                1                2                 3

          Transaction amount (in
                                                     1,007.31        1,889.53            413.04          1,104.27        1,280.65            504.19          648.93
          RMB100 million)

          Ranking by transaction
          amount
                                                           3                 2                4                 1                1                2                 3

          Source: The number, scale and ranking of merger, acquisition and reorganization transactions collected based on public information and approved by the CSRC.



          ④ OTC business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group fully displayed the integrated advantage of a large investment
          bank, closely followed the businesses on Beijing Stock Exchange and continued to provide technological
          innovation-based growth enterprises with complete capital market services. During the Reporting Period,
          the Group provided continuous overseeing services for 23 listed companies, completed one public issuance
          of stocks and the inclusion in the NEEQ Select as the main underwriter, one acquisition on the NEEQ, one
          private issuance of stocks under review and one public issuance of stocks and the listing on Beijing Stock
          Exchange under review. Jiangsu Equity Exchange, a holding subsidiary of the Group, continued to improve
          compliance and risk control systems, actively innovated debt financing products, expanded financing
          service methods and financing channels, deepened digital transformation, adhered to the empowerment
          of Fintech, improved the efficiency of the whole business chain, enhanced and upgraded the capability
          to provide comprehensive financial services for small, medium and micro enterprises. As of the end of the
          Reporting Period, the Group has had 11,376 enterprises listed and displayed, 140 enterprises purely under
          custody, 233 membership units, and 77,417 investors of all types, and it raised RMB6.924 billion for enterprises
          through financing during the Reporting Period.

          (2) Prime brokerage (PB) business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group earnestly implemented the service philosophy with customer
          operation as the core. Relying on the platform-based and ecological development strategies, the Group
          facilitated the digital transformation and the improvement of the operation efficiency, practiced the
          customer-oriented full-chain service system, moved forward the development of the prime brokerage (PB)
          business in a systematic way centered on the comprehensive financial service needs of the customer’s full
          life cycle and actively explored diversified realization. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had
          7,819 fund products in custody and the total size of fund in custody reached RMB391.751 billion. We provided
          administration services to 9,958 fund products (including 789 products from our asset management
          subsidiary), of which the service scale reached RMB997.548 billion (including the business scale of asset
          management subsidiary of RMB444.856 billion). According to the statistics from Asset Management
          Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ), as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2021, the Group ranked
          the fourth in the industry in terms of the number of products filed under the private fund custody business.




056
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Number of fund custody products and business scale                         Number of fund service products and business scale
of fund custody                                                            of fund services
                             Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                          Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


Number    307      934    1,897   2,642     3,678      5,309     7,819     Number     734      1,589    2,727      3,465    4,444   6,481      9,958

                                                               3,917.51                                9,653.45                               9,975.48
4,000                                                                     10,000
                                                                                    CAGR 9,241.03                                  9,067.33
                                                                                    +7.51%                        8,490.65 8,587.61

                                                                          8,000
3,000
                                                                                    6,458.48
           CAGR                                       2,458.27
           +55.98%                                                        6,000



                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
2,000

                                           1,311.89                       4,000


1,000                             733.05
                                                                          2,000
                  497.21 541.22
         272.01

   0                                                                           0
         2015     2016    2017    2018      2019       2020      2021                2015      2016     2017       2018     2019    2020       2021

         Amount of custody business                                                  Amount of service business
Source: Regular reports of the Company                                     Source: Regular reports of the Company




(3) Research and institutional sales business                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, in terms of research business, the Group firmly promoted the transformation
of business models and actively practiced the full business chain to consistently improve business synergy
and efficiency, expand the breadth and depth of research, improve the effectiveness of research service
docking and proactively build the market influence of research brands. It deeply explored the digital
transformation of business and continued to build and establish intelligent research platforms. Supported
by “RIS” and the “Xing Zhi” ( 行 知 ) platform, it facilitated the transformation of business and management
models into digital and platform-based models and constantly improved the business consistency and




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
working efficiency. Focusing on leading domestic institutional customers, the Group continued to boost
supports to Hong Kong and overseas markets, completed the establishment of the interconnection system
for research products, facilitated the integrated production process of research reports and continuously
built the cross-border research service system. Centering on customers, in terms of the institutional sales
business, the Group classified and concentrated on the demands of key customer groups for financial
services, actively integrated the full-service chain resources and built the customer-driven and product-
driven service matrix for institutional sales and trading. It deeply connected the diversified demands of
institutional investors and continuously promoted the construction, optimization and iteration of the “Xing
Zhi” ( 行知 ) service platform, institutional customer CRM system and other digital platforms to build an
ecosystem with coordinated development of customers. The Group has actively carried out various forms of
research service activities, including releasing 9,572 research reports, organizing 17,309 research roadshow



                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
services and 764 thematic teleconferences, and holding 19 strategy meetings, summit forums and thematic
meeting online or through the integration of online and offline means. During the Reporting Period, the
volume of sub-position transactions for the public fund was approximately RMB1,431.339 billion.




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
(4) Investment and trading business

① Equity trading business

During the Reporting Period, the Group made ongoing efforts to resolutely promote business transformation
to a trading business model, stuck to the de-directionalization, continued to expand the breadth, depth
and intensity of fundamental research on equity, constantly improved investment decision-making and risk
management systems and actively explored diversified trading strategies and means. It continued to speed
up in the expansion of innovative business models, constantly enriched the business structure, focused on
the enhancement and expansion of the performance of business platforms and built equity investment
and trading systems with core competitiveness and sustainable development by relying on platform




                                                                                                                                                         057
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          empowerment on business development. It actively built cross-market, multi-tiered, three-dimensional and
          diversified business systems based on the interconnected development of platforms and explored the law
          of market operation to effectively identify market opportunities and risks and support the trading business.
          The Group attached great importance to the research & application of advanced technologies such as
          big data and artificial intelligence, actively build integrated business platform and the big data transaction
          business system with great varieties, multi cycles and strategies, improved the trading model of macro
          hedging transactions, and promoted the improvement of its transaction scale and profitability.

          ② FICC trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group gave full display to the comprehensive and diversified operation
          advantages of the FICC business system, achieved multi-dimensional breakthroughs in structural
          innovation, layout optimization and target expansion for the product system with customers as the center
          and satisfied customers’ demands for asset allocation and risk management in an all-round way. In terms
          of fixed-income proprietary investment business, it practiced the management model of hedge fund
          portfolios under the de-directionalized rotation of general categories of assets, actively sought excess
          absolute gains based on the volatility and maintained steady growth in proprietary investment revenue. As
          for bulk commodity business and foreign exchange business, the Group continuously promoted strategic
          trading research, constantly improved the functions of agency for foreign exchange trading systems
          and actively built core investment trading and pricing capabilities. It was approved to participate in the
          “Southbound Trading” business and implemented the first trading as an agent for settlement and sales
          of foreign exchange, stably enhancing the business capability. The Group continued to advance the
          digital business transformation, constantly optimized the business functions and modules of the HEADS
          elephant platform (HEADS 大象平台 ), upgraded and built the core capabilities of the CAMS (credit analysis
          management system) and enhanced the investment trading and risk management capabilities in a
          systematic and platform-based manner. According to statistics from Wind Information, during the Reporting
          Period, the delivery volume of bonds of the Group ranked the fourth in the industry.

          ③ OTC derivatives trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group strived to build a customer-oriented over-the-counter derivatives
          business system. It built the core competitiveness with the building of the core trading capability as the
          original business, differentiated advantages with the establishment of systems as supports and the
          integrated risk control system with professional risk control as drivers to continuously enhance the capability
          on differentiated and innovative product design and strengthen the capabilities on investment trading,
          digital operation, facing customer operation and integrated risk control. It achieved the accumulation,
          upgrading and transformation of core business capabilities with the platform-based construction, fully
          empowered business development and deeply docked institutional service systems and customer
          demands. According to the regulatory statement data, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had
          6,862 income swap transaction business contracts with an amount of RMB152.609 billion; the Group had 1,753
          OTC option trading business contracts with an amount of RMB122.163 billion. During the Reporting Period,
          the Group issued 3,879 private placement products through the China Securities Internet System and OTC
          market, with a total amount of RMB66.233 billion.

          3. Prospect of institutional services business for 2022

          In terms of the institutional services business, the Group is devoted to providing industrial and financial
          institutional customers with full-business chain services. It is a key strategic sector for the Group to advance
          towards high-quality development. In 2022, the Group will continue to classify and focus on key customer
          groups’ demands for financial services, continuously promote the systemic service model, consistently
          strengthen business synergy mechanisms, implement comprehensive operation of customer value and
          build a new model of services for institutional customers based on the platform, product and ecosystem to
          achieve mutual empowerment and common growth with customers.




058
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
For investment banking business, we will focus on key regions and industries, deeply serve leading industrial
customers and enhance the integrated capabilities on coordinated services across the market and
various products. At the same time, we will continue to advance the platform-based business and the
digital transformation, establish the platform-based big system on investment banking with high-quality
customers as the core and build a more efficient and competitive ecosystem on investment banks with the
focus on the lifecycle demands of customers on all business chains. In terms of equity underwriting business,
the Group will continueto grasp the historical opportunities under the capital market reform and the full
implementation of the registration-based IPO system, focus on development in key regions and delve
into the industry. Moreover, the Group will increase the number of high-quality customers and continue to
enhance the integrated capabilities on coordinated services across the market and various products. In

                                                                                                                          About Us
terms of the equity underwriting business, the Group will continue to deeply root in regional development
and rely on the platform-based advantages to consistently improve the marketing development
capabilities; meanwhile, it will continue to pay attention to products and enhance the professional service
capabilities. For the financial advisory business, the Group will further consolidate the service capabilities
on innovative and complicated projects, maintain the market reputation and recognition on the M&A and
restructuring business as the benchmark business and intensify the capabilities on serving SOEs to build
M&A transactions with market influence.

For prime brokerage business, we will rely on the service system covering the full business chain and


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Fintech advantages, continue to strengthen customer operation, optimize customer services in a
classified and hierarchical manner, further expand the size of customer groups, constantly promote digital


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
transformation and build competitive advantages through platform empowerment to provide customers
with comprehensive services and achieve diversified realization of business value.

For research and institutional sales business, we will continue to improve the integrated domestic and
overseas system on institutional customer services, focusing on building the professional team with
comprehensive service ability and steadily promote digital construction and operation to fully expand the
dimension of service contents and the depth of services of the systematic work platform and build all-
dimensional and one-stop financial service ecosystem with the focus on the demands of institutional




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
investor.

For investment trading business, we will continue to build platform-based and systematic investment and
trading capabilities, practically upgrade to the goal of mastering asset pricing rights and productization of
trading capabilities, actively build future-oriented core competitiveness, and further promote diversification
of profit models. For the equity trading business, the Group will comprehensively upgrade the macro
hedging transaction ability and improve the system of big data strategies. It will deeply develop and
innovate the investment business, comprehensively promote the digital construction and focus on building
a professional equity investment and trading system based on the resources platform and the platform
of IT systems. For FICC trading business, the Group will continue to strengthen the systematic business
construction and development, upgrade and improve the functions of the HEADS elephant platform
(HEADS 大 象 平 台 ) and the CAMS (credit analysis management system), continuously advance the digital



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
transformation of business and continue to enhance the platform-based advantages and trading and
pricing capabilities to promote high-level business transformation. For OTC derivatives trading business,
the Group will leverage on first-mover advantages in business, the advantages in the systems with market



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
competitiveness and the outstanding capabilities on business innovation, trading hedge, product design
and pricing, risk control and compliance operation to build differentiated competitive advantages through
platform-based operation.




                                                                                                                 059
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Investment management business

          1. Market environment and industry trend of investment management business

          (1) Asset management business systems were increasingly improved and the industry entered into a
          new stage with the full implementation of new regulations on asset management

          Driven by various factors such as the financial environment, regulatory policies, customer demands, Fintech
          and digital transformation and with the increasingly improvement of systems with new regulations on
          asset management as the core, the structural reform of the asset management industry in China was
          continuously deepened. The public offering transformation of massive collective products was accelerated;
          the mutual funds business became new development focus of asset management institutions; the vitality
          in product innovation was continuously generated; and the asset management business entered into
          a new stage of returning to its original intention of founding, standardizing development, and in-depth
          integration. Under the new development pattern of the asset management industry on the tracks of
          high-quality development and sustainable development, various asset management institutions should
          continuously enhance the active management capability, build differentiated core competitiveness,
          actively seek new business development directions and strategic layouts, and continue to build a full-
          range, rich and complete product system, and investment strategies with a global perspective. According
          to the statistics from Asset Management Association of China ( 中 國 證 券 投 資 基 金 業 協 會 ), as of the end
          of the fourth quarter of 2021, the total amount of asset management business of fund management
          companies and their subsidiaries, securities
          companies, futures companies and private fund          Scale and year-on-year growth rate of private asset
          management institutions was approximately              management business of securities companies and
                                                                 their subsidiaries
          RMB67.87 trillion, among which, the amount of
          private asset management business of securities        Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB                                Unit: %

          companies and their subsidiaries was RMB8.24
                                                                                47.86%
                                                                  20                                                              50%
          trillion. For the asset management business of                         17.58
                                                                                          16.88
          large comprehensive securities companies, they                                                                          40%

          will continue to create differentiated investment       15                              13.36                           30%

          management, refined asset pricing and                         11.89
                                                                                                          10.83                   20%
          comprehensive risk management capabilities,             10                                              8.55            10%
                                                                                                                          8.24
          build a professional asset management platform                                 -3.98%
                                                                                                                                  0%
          to integrate high-quality business resources,
                                                                  5                                 -18.94%              -3.63%   -10%
          and commit to providing customers with multi-                                       -20.85%
                                                                                                                                  -20%
          level and comprehensive high-quality investment                                                     -21.05%
                                                                  0                                                               -30%
          products, asset allocation and overall financial              2015     2016     2017    2018    2019    2020    2021
          solutions based on the in-depth understanding of
                                                                          Private asset management business scale
          client needs and structural changes as well as the
                                                                       year-on-year grow rate of private asset management business scale
          collaboration of full business chain and integrated
                                                                 Source: Asset Management Association of China
          professional advantages.




060
                                                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(2) China’s equity investment market performed actively on the whole with increasingly advantages
of top companies and overall improved industrial concentration

With the improvement of market infrastructure, the perfection of industrial regulatory systems, the
enhancing of differentiated regulatory mechanisms, the optimization of registration and filing procedures
and the deepening of the digital transformation, China’s equity investment market embraced historical
development opportunities. The market environment for fundraising was continuously improved, the
enthusiasm on the investment market was increasingly enhanced and the market exit channels were
smoother. At the same time, competition for high-quality projects was fierce, and there was increasing
advantages in top tier institutions. Market funds were gathering to top tier institutions, which have strong

                                                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
professional capabilities and resource integration capabilities, and the ecological pattern in the industry was
further reshaped. According to the statistics from Zero2IPO Research Center private placement department,
in 2021, 6,979 new funds were raised in China’s equity investment market, with a fundraising amount of
RMB2,208.519 billion, representing an increase of 84.47% over 2020; and there were 12,327 investment cases
in China’s equity investment market, with an investment amount of RMB1,422.870 billion, representing an
increase of 60.39% over 2020. In the long run, with the increasingly consolidated trend of economic recovery,
the comprehensive deepening of the reform of the capital market, the gradual improvement of the multi-
level market system, the full optimization of the fundamental market systems and the continuous perfection
of the industrial ecosystem and under the background of the official opening of Beijing Stock Exchange and

                                                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
the full implementation of the registration-based IPO system in the future in particular, the equity investment
market is playing a fundamental and strategic role in promoting innovative capital, in the formation of an


                                                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
innovative economy and supporting scientific and technological innovation of enterprises. There is much
room for the growth of equity investment business. But the securities company’s private equity investment
business will leverage advantages in full business chains, rely on professional and three-dimensional
investment management systems and continue to enhance all-round and comprehensive service
capabilities. We will actively create core business competitiveness, thus effectively improving the efficiency
of serving real economy.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
The number and amount of fund raising in the equity                                             The number and amount of investment cases in the
investment market in the PRC and the year-on-year                                               equity investment market in the PRC and the year-on-
growth rate                                                                                     year growth rate

Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                  Unit: %   Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                           Unit: %

Fund                                                                                            The
raising    2,970 2,438 3,574 3,637 2,710                       3,478 6,979                      amount of 8,365      9,124     10,144 10,021 8,234         7,559     12,327
amount                                                                                          investment
                                                                                                cases

25,000                                                                84.47%          100%      15,000                                                             14,228.70   100%
                                                                          22,085.19
                  74.69%                                                                                                     12,111.49
                                                                                      80%                                                                                      80%
20,000                       17,888.72                                                          12,000                       62.59% 10,788.06                      60.39%
                                                                                      60%                                                                                      60%
                                                                                                                  41.75%                                8,871.49




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
15,000               13,712.05          13,317.41                                                9,000
                                                    12,444.04 11,972.14               40%                                                       7,630.94                       40%
                                                                                                                  7,449.10
                                                                                                                                                        16.26%
                             30.46%                                                   20%                 5,254.96                                                             20%
10,000                                                                                           6,000
          7,849.48                                    -3.79%
                                                -6.56%                                0%                                            -10.93%                                    0%




                                                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
 5,000                              -25.55%                                                      3,000
                                                                                      -20%                                                  -29.26%                            -20%

     0                                                                                -40%            0                                                                        -40%
           2015       2016       2017    2018        2019      2020        2021                            2015      2016      2017      2018    2019      2020      2021

          Fund raising amount                                                                             The amount of investment cases
      Year-on-year growth rate of fund raising amount                                                  Year-on-year growth rate of the amount of investment cases

Source: Statistics from PEdata of Zero2IPO Research                                             Source: Statistics from PEdata of Zero2IPO Research




                                                                                                                                                                                         061
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Operational measures and achievements of investment management business

          (1) Asset management business of securities companies

          During the Reporting Period, under the background of the implementation of new asset management rules
          entering a critical period, Huatai Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, actively
          adapted to regulatory changes, capitalized on the advantage of full-service business chain resources,
          focused on building a digital and ecological operation model, continuously improved the integrated asset
          management business platform, comprehensively improved investment and research capability, pricing
          capabilities and risk control efficiency, vigorously innovated forms of products, business development
          and customer service models to provide customers with a full life cycle, comprehensive financial service
          solutions for the entire business chain. According to the regulatory statement data, as of the end of the
          Reporting Period, the total asset management scale of Huatai Asset Management was RMB518.573 billion.
          According to statistics from Wind Information, the issuance scale of enterprises’ ABS (asset-backed
          securitization) of Huatai Asset Management during the Reporting Period was RMB167.112 billion, ranking the
          third in the industry.

          During the Reporting Period, for asset management business of securities companies, we focused on the
          overall size and quality of asset management and sped up in transformation towards active management.
          The active investment management capability was continuously enhanced and the proportion in the
          size of active management was further expanded. Meanwhile, leveraging the product design capabilities
          and pricing advantages, we actively built scaled and differentiated product systems covering different
          risk-return characteristics. For the collective asset management business, we effectively implemented
          transformation under new regulations and completed the transformation of “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天天發 ) public
          fund, a key product. A total of 182 collective asset management plans were under management and
          the total management scale was RMB69.618 billion. In respect of the single asset management business,
          we accelerated the exploration of net worth entrusted business and continuously promoted business
          transformation. A total of 428 single asset management plans were under management and the total
          management scale was RMB180.456 billion. In respect of specialized asset management business, we
          launched various ABS projects on carbon neutrality to contribute to the construction of the low-carbon and
          energy-saving ecosystem. A total of 179 specialized asset management plans were under management
          and the total management scale was RMB194.782 billion. In respect of the public fund management
          business, we actively created net-value wealth management solutions for investors with different liquidity
          needs and managed 23 public fund products in total with aggregated management scale of RMB73.717
          billion.

          The table below sets forth the scale and income of the securities companies’ asset management business:
                                                                                                                          Currency: RMB


                                                             2021                                           2020
          Item                             Entrusted scale                   Net income         Entrusted scale           Net income
                                       (in RMB100 million)           (in RMB10 thousand)    (in RMB100 million)   (in RMB10 thousand)

          Collective asset
          management                                   696.18                 147,568.17               1,324.84           153,409.49
          business

          Single asset
          management                                 1,804.56                 28,200.79                3,087.13            34,960.34
          business

          Specialized asset
          management                                  1,947.82                  12,211.97              1,262.86             9,839.69
          business

          Public fund
          management                                    737.17                13,546.34                  240.71             13,327.56
          business

          Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements.




062
 Issuing number and ranking of enterprise ABS                 Issuing scale and ranking of enterprise ABS (asset-backed                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 (asset-backed securities)                                    securities)
                                                                                               Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

Ranking                                                        Ranking
by number    3      2       3      5      3      4      3      by scale     6        3        3         4            2          4      3
150                                                    137    2,000

                                                                                                                                    1,671.12
120
                                                              1,500

 90         CAGR                                84                         CAGR
            +54.69%                      73
                                                              1,000
                                                                           +58.43%                                 908.91 931.72


                                                                                                                                                        About Us
 60
                                                                                                      638.58
                            37    40
                                                                                            463.52
                                                               500
 30                 25
                                                                                   248.55
             10                                                           105.67
  0                                                                 0
            2015   2016    2017   2018   2019   2020   2021                2015     2016    2017       2018        2019      2020    2021

             Number of issuance                                           Issuing scale

 Source: Wind                                                 Source: Wind




 (2) Private equity fund management business                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
 During the Reporting Period, for the private equity fund management business, the Group continuously
 optimized the business structure system, continued to strengthen industrial research, strengthened the in-
 depth layout of key areas and gave full play to the advantages of the Group as a large platform, so as to
 continuously enhance professional investment management capabilities. Meanwhile, it actively promoted
 the raising of new funds, maintained the partnership with investment institutions on funds, consistently
 explored high-quality projects in the industry and
                                                              Number and amount of investment programs with
 continuously accumulated project reserves for the            private equity investment funds




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
 investment business. As of the end of the Reporting                                              Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
 Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment and its
 secondary subsidiaries as managers have filed a              Number       33        64        59             40           32        36
 total of 22 private equity investment funds with the
 Asset Management Association of China ( 中國證券
                                                              60                   56.58

 投 資 基 金 業 協 會 ), with a total subscription amount            50
                                                                          49.20

 of RMB50.845 billion and a total paid-up capital of
                                                              40
 RMB41.774 billion. During the Reporting Period, the
 above-mentioned private equity investment funds              30
                                                                                                                          28.17
                                                                                              26.46
 implemented a total of 36 investment projects with                                                         23.52

 a total investment amount of RMB1,161,568,400, all of        20




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                                                                                                    11.62
 which were equity investment projects. According
                                                               10
 to the statistics of the Asset Management
 Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ), as                       0




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                                                                          2016      2017      2018          2019          2020      2021
 of the fourth quarter of 2021, Huatai Purple Gold
                                                                          Amount of investment programs
 Investment ranked the third in the industry in terms
                                                              Source: Regular reports of the Company
 of average monthly scale of private equity.




                                                                                                                                               063
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (3) Asset management business of fund companies

          During the Reporting Period, with adherence to equal emphasis on compliance management and business
          development, fund companies under the Group continuously stepped up efforts on product research and
          business innovation, optimized and adjusted the layout of product lines, intensified business linkage and
          focused on improving the construction of intelligent systems. The market recognition and reputation and
          the business competitiveness were increasingly improved, the size of assets under management expanded
          rapidly and the investment performance generally remained stable. As for asset management business
          of China Southern Asset Management, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets managed
          by China Southern Asset Management amounted to RMB1,580.245 billion. Among which, China Southern
          Asset Management managed a total of 274 funds in its mutual funds business, the total asset size of which
          amounted to RMB1,056.395 billion, and the total asset size of private funds business amounted to RMB523.850
          billion. As for asset management by Huatai-PineBridge, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets
          managed by Huatai-PineBridge amounted to RMB258.251 billion. Specifically, Huatai-PineBridge managed a
          total of 103 funds in its mutual funds business, the total asset size of which amounted to RMB244.387 billion,
          and the total asset size of private funds business amounted to RMB13.864 billion. (The profit or loss from
          equity investments of China Southern Asset Management and Huatai-PineBridge were included under other
          segments in the segment report)

          (4) Asset management business of futures companies

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures, a holding subsidiary of the Group, constantly intensified
          the integration of internal resources and business collaboration and continued to advance the digital
          transformation, so as to continuously improve its professional services, intelligent management and
          business innovation capability, and establish a complete customer service system on asset management.
          It was devoted to providing high-quality products and full-process service experiences and meeting the
          differentiated risk appetites and asset allocation demands of customers. As of the end of the Reporting
          Period, Huatai Futures managed a total of 20 asset management plans which were in the duration period.
          The total asset management scale was RMB2,749,983,700, and the futures equity scale was RMB479,648,900.

          (5) Alternative investment business

          The Group carried out alternative investment business through its wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai
          Innovative Investment. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Innovative Investment continued to improve
          its internal management system and mechanism, focused on Fintech equity investment and the co-
          investment business of the STAR Market, and steadily explored the co-investment business of the ChiNext
          and the strategic placement business of the NEEQ according to regulatory requirements and business
          layout. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 51 subsisting investment projects with an investment
          scale of RMB2,273.6210 million. The investment attributes mainly include co-investment on the STAR Market
          and equity investment.

          3. Prospect of investment management business for 2022

          The investment management business plays the dual strategic roles of asset manager and asset services
          supplier. It is an important area for the Group’s financial product innovation and client asset management.
          In 2022, the Group will continue to display professional capabilities in asset discovery, risk pricing and
          product creation, fully leverage resources advantages in full business chains, and actively build scaled and
          featured financial product system with full varieties to meet the differentiated demands of customers. It
          will build a first-class investment management platform to continuously reinforce its leading position in the
          industry.

          The asset management business of securities companies will continue to rely on the resources of the
          entire business chain, focus on technological empowerment, and allow digital transformation to drive
          the reshaping of the business system and the management processes. The Group will improve the risk
          control system covering full business chains, continuously optimize the business layout based on strategic
          orientations and build professional, industrial and systematic investment research capabilities led by




064
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
investment research. It will vigorously expand internal and external channels, improve the customer
hierarchical and grading service system, consistently optimize the product management mechanism
and enrich the diversified product system to continuously consolidate the market influence and brand
recognition.

In respect of private equity fund management business, the Group will rely on its good management
capability and historical results, actively maintain the partnership with large SOEs, local government
platforms, banking, insurance and other institutions on funds and increasingly expand the size of fund
management. It will seize the opportunities under the comprehensive deepening reform of the capital
market, continue to focus on advantageous business sectors, deepen industrial research, actively explore


                                                                                                                        About Us
high-quality projects in the industry and build the ecosystem of key industries to further consolidate the
industry influence on key sectors.

In respect of the asset management business of fund companies, we will continue to improve the
compliance management and control system and talent team building, constantly advance the digital
and intelligent transformation to lead business development and management reform, and strive to
enhance investment research professional capabilities. We will continue to maintain the exploration of
new businesses and the development of new products, build multi-layered, distinctive and differentiated
product lines and continuously optimize the business structure to practically enhance our overall asset



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
management scale and investment performance.

In respect of the asset management business of futures companies, we will implement the full business


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
chain development strategies, proactively integrate internal and external investment research resources,
improve the decision-making and management mechanism on investment and enhance the research
and judgment capabilities on strategic iteration to continuously improve product management and risk
management and control capabilities and promote the transformation, innovation and development of
business models by relying on Fintech innovation and platform empowerment.

In respect of alternative investment business, we will constantly improve investment management and
business development model, speed up in the construction of the Fintech ecosystem, and prudently




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
promote the development of equity investment, the co-investment of the STAR Market, and other new
businesses, effectively prevent and mitigate various risks and steadily improve capital usage efficiency and
return on assets.

(IV) International business

1. Market environment and industry trend of international business

(1) The in-depth development of the institutional opening up of the capital market accelerated the
internationalization of securities industry, and clients’ demand for cross-border services promoted the
international service capabilities of securities companies



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Against the background of continuously advancing the high-level two-way institutional opening of the
capital market in China in recent years, the two-way investment mechanism on cross-border securities
in the capital market is increasingly optimized. The interconnection of onshore and offshore markets is



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
effectively expanded and the two-way opening product systems in the capital market are continuously
improved. The channels for overseas listing of domestic enterprises are constantly expanded and cross-
border businesses are more diversified. The capital market had the new value proposition of being a
platform connecting onshore and offshore financial and industrial resources and building a hub with dual-
cycle systems. The securities industry ushered in historic and major development opportunities and the
internationalization of securities companies will also further advance. Currently, as clients’ demands for
cross-border integrated financial services are growing, and global asset allocation continues to increase,
international business has become a front field for large securities companies to expand development
space, increase new profit growth points and promote business structure upgrading. Securities companies
should actively seize the strategic opportunities in increasingly deepening the two-way opening of the
capital market, firmly implement cross-border integrated operation management across all business




                                                                                                               065
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          chains, highlight the building of the virtuous cycle mechanism on domestic and overseas resources,
          continue to deepen cross-border business cooperation and collaboration and increasingly enhance the
          international operation and management capabilities to better provide domestic and global customers
          with all-dimensional and one-stop international resources allocation and investment and financing
          resolutions.

          (2) Good growth momentum of the independent channel of the US wealth management industry is
          favorable for the long-term development of the TAMP market

          From the perspective of the overall industry development, the current wealth management industry in the US
          mainly consists of the “independent” channel (registered investment advisors, hybrid and the independent
          broker-dealers, insurance broker-dealers etc.) and the “traditional” channel (national and regional broker-
          dealers, bank broker-dealers and wirehouse advisors, etc.). In the wealth management industry, the
          market share of the “independent” channel grows faster than that of the “traditional” channel and such
          trend sustains. According to the statistics of Cerulli, the market size of independent channels is expected
          to increase from USD10.8 trillion to USD14.4 trillion from 2020 to 2025 and the market share will expand from
          42% to 47%. According to the statistics of PriceMetrix, 75% of the investment advisors’ revenue came from
          management fees in 2020, which was a record level relative to commissions and the transformation of the
          charging model from commissions to management fees was continuously promoted. From the perspective
          of business development trends, the funds from investors are being transferred to investment products
          with lower costs and fees. The TAMP industry can keep empowering and fueling the wealth management
          business through leading Fintech development, which can bring the cost advantage of scale to customers
          and help them grasp booming development opportunities. According to the statistics of Cerulli, from 2015 to
          2020, the compound annual growth rate of the TAMP market was 15.6%, which was significantly higher than
          that of the overall investment advisory market, which was 9.3% for the same period.

          2. Operational measures and achievements of international busines

          During the Reporting Period, as the Group’s holding platform for international business, Huatai International
          was fully integrated into the full business chain system of the Group. It deeply promoted the construction
          of cross-border comprehensive financial service platform, so as to consolidate the intermediary business
          capability in the capital market through cross-border linkage, business collaboration, intensified risk
          control and platform-based operation, maintaining outstanding performance growth and continuously
          enhancing the influence in overseas markets. As of the end of the Reporting Period, total asset size of Huatai
          International reached nearly HK$200 billion, ranking it among the leading Chinese-funded securities firms in
          Hong Kong with its comprehensive strength continuing to improve.

          (1) Business in Hong Kong

          The Group’s business in Hong Kong adhered to the original business of the brokerage firm, with cross-border
          business as the starting point, built an all-dimensional and comprehensive cross-border financial service
          platform and seized strategic development opportunities under global uncertainties, achieving leapfrog
          growth in performance. During the Reporting Period, the business platform systems including the equity
          business platform, fixed-income business platform, individual financial platform, fund platform and flagship
          investment banking business continued to deepen with outstanding differentiated competitive advantages.
          For the equity derivatives business, the Group has utilized the advantages of the Group platform to
          continuously enhance the allocation of bulk assets, bulk commodity trading and the interconnection among
          securities pools at home and abroad, on and off the market; for the stock sales and transactions business,
          the Group continued to advance the construction of prime brokerage platforms and provided domestic
          and overseas institutional investors with one-stop and comprehensive cross-border financial services on
          “Spot bonds + Synthetic PB + QFII” with various operational indicator ranking high in the market; for FICC
          business, the Group sped up in the construction of digital platforms, optimized cross-border business
          models, undertook diversified customer demands and achieved the coverage of all FICC categories. At the
          same time, it actively hedged risk exposure and effectively resisted market fluctuations; for retail and online
          financial businesses, the Group has continuously optimized the functions and operating capability of the
          “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲 樂 全 球 通 ) platform, focused on high-quality customer acquisition, diversifying traffic




066
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
attraction and enhancing conversion to fully transform towards customer operation and asset allocation;
for the private wealth management business, the Group has upgraded product functions, trading systems,
account management and other modules in all dimensions and continuously improved the platform-
based private banking system to provide comprehensive financial services throughout the life cycle; for
the fund business, the Group has continued to enhance the active management capability and promote
full-process management on “fundraising, investment, management and sales” to build reputation and
influence in the industry; in respect of asset management business, the Group actively mastered changes in
customer demands, focused on smoothening business chains on cross-border investment and constantly
diversified product categories, significantly improving the business breadth and depth; for the investment
banking business, the Group paid attention to the changes in customer demands, focused on big health,

                                                                                                                                           About Us
property management and big consumption industries, actively provided domestic and overseas equity
and bond services and built a customer-centric and comprehensive cross-border investment banking
platform. It sponsored six IPOs in the Hong Kong stock market, ranking top 5 among Chinese securities
companies in Hong Kong.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s business in Hong Kong maintained healthy and balanced business
development. As for securities trading, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) achieved the total assets
under custody of HK$72.076 billion and the total stocks trading volume of HK$328.447 billion; as for advising
on securities, it provided research reports and advisory services for customers; as for advising on corporate


                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
finance, it participated in 23 listing and placing projects and 79 bond issue projects with the total amount
of trading and issuance of about HK$26.377 billion; as for financing for securities deposits, the accumulated


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
credit amount was HK$1.826 billion. Besides, during the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
Kong) also completed 10 financial advisory projects. In December 2021, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
Kong) officially became a member of Turquoise under the LSE Group, making it a securities company with
the largest asset scale in Asia with dual memberships of the LSE and Turquoise and further consolidating its
capabilities on international development and participating in mainstream international capital markets.


(2) AssetMark
                                                         Assets on Platform (AoP) of AssetMark




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
AssetMark’s mission is to make a difference in the
                                                                                                           Unit: US$100 million
lives of independent investment advisors and the
                                                           1,000                                                      934.88
investors they serve. The highlights of AssetMark’s
core business include a fully integrated platform
                                                            800      CAGR                                   745.20
with compelling technology, personalised and                         +23.72%
scalable services and curated investment function.                                                616.08
                                                            600
Such clear business strategies guided AssetMark
                                                                               424     448.55
to define its short-term and long-term goals.
                                                            400      322.51
AssetMark designs and aligns its strategies to
things that matter most to advisors and that                200
differentiate it in the TAMP marketplace. According



                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
to Cerulli Associates and other public information,            0
                                                                     2016      2017     2018      2019       2020      2021
as of the end of the third quarter of 2021,
AssetMark’s market share in the US TAMP industry                   AoP




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
was 11.1%, ranking the third in the industry.            Source: Regular reports of the Company

During the Reporting Period, AssetMark maintained stable growth in the size of asset management through
leading business models and advanced technology platforms, continuously consolidating its leading
position in the industry and constantly increasing the business revenue. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
the total platform assets of AssetMark reached USD93.488 billion, representing an increase of approximately
25.45% from the end of 2020; the AssetMark platform served an aggregate of 8,649 independent investment
advisors, of whom, 2,858 active investment advisors manage assets of more than USD5 million, representing
an increase of approximately 12.70% from the end of 2020; the total investor households served by the
AssetMark platform reached nearly 210,000, representing an increase of approximately 12.30% from the
end of 2020. During the Reporting Period, 811 investment advisors signed new contracts with AssetMark. In
addition, AssetMark completed the acquisition of Voyant, a Fintech company, in July 2021, further enhancing
its technological strength in the segment.




                                                                                                                                  067
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                          Technology Platform

                                                                                              Compelling and fully integrated
                                                                                              platform designed to reduce costs
                                                                                              and streamline processes while
          Investment Solutions
                                                                                              supporting the adviser and investor
          Thoroughly vetted sets of solutions                                                 lifecycle
          from leading third-party asset
                                                                                                                Adviser Service
          managers, strategists and in-house
          investment management team                                                          Highly tenured sales, service and
          provides optionality, streamlines
                                                           AssetMark                          operations professionals support
          work and maximizes advisers’ time                                                   advisers across their business
                                                          Service Platform
          with their clients




          Compliance Support
                                                                                                                         Custody
          AssetMark provides advisers with
          compliance support through                                                          Open architecture custodial

          portfolio monitoring and risk                                                       platform provides flexibility

          profiling tools that help mitigate risk




          (3) Huatai Securities (USA)

          With the US broker-dealer license approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Huatai Securities
          (USA) was eligible to conduct broker-dealer business in the US in 2019, including securities underwriting,
          securities brokerage for institutional investors, M&A and financial advisory, etc. It obtained qualification for
          proprietary trading in 2020 and obtained the business qualification for securities trading with institutional
          investors in Canada in 2021. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Securities (USA) continued to improve
          its system and platform construction and introduce US institutional investors, actively promoted the
          underwriting of equity securities, global equity distribution and the development of the cross-border equity
          trading business. The cross-border linkage and coordination mechanism of U.S. domestic businesses and
          Hong Kong businesses has been continuously optimized, the cross-border equity trading business has
          been continuously expanded and the overall trading volume of stocks by customers has been effectively
          improved. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Securities (USA) completed a total of 2 IPO projects in the US
          stock market.

          3. Prospect of international business for 2022

          International business is a bridge for the Group to build an onshore and offshore integrated platform as
          well as a new engine for the high-level development and profit creation of the Group. In 2022, the Group
          will continue to deepen the cross-border integrated management mechanism, constantly strengthen the
          effective linkage of teams, platforms and resources and focus on developing the cross-market capital
          service ability to provide customers with onshore and offshore integrated comprehensive financial services
          and fully improve the competitiveness and influence of the international business.

          Huatai International will rely on the advantages on scale effect, enhance the resource integration function of
          the international business holding platform, strengthen business collaboration, deeply root in the customer-
          oriented integrated and platform-based cross-border service ecosystem, diversify product chains and full-
          process customer services, strengthen the pre-risk management and control capability and actively build
          the high-quality and comprehensive cross-border platform system.

          For the business in Hong Kong, the Group will continue to focus on customer needs, consolidate the
          intermediary positioning of the cross-border capital market and provide customers with one-stop financial
          services through implementing business strategies such as domestic and overseas integration, equity and
          debt integration, complementation of institutional business and retail business, and first-level and second-




068
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
level linkage. For equity derivatives business, it will continue to improve the business capabilities, strengthen
the levels of customer services in all dimensions and expand profit channels; for stock sales and trading
business, while focusing on leading customer groups, the Group will expand the coverage of foreign-funded
institutions, constantly tap into the depth of products and continue to promote the construction of cross-
border prime brokerage platforms to form a virtuous cycle system on securities pools, traffic attraction and
customer acquisition; for FICC business, the Group will rely on platforms to promote scaled, systematic and
digital operation, enhance cross-border linkage, first-level and second-level linkage and the exploration
in asset innovation and provide customers with one-stop cross-border FICC business services; for retail
and online financial business, the Group will deepen the intelligent service function of “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲
樂 全 球 通 ), perfect distinctive financial products and improve the efficiency in customer development; for

                                                                                                                             About Us
private wealth management business, it will focus on customer services, strengthen platform-based service
and product systems, highlight customer portrait and expand the coverage of customer groups; for fund
business, it will improve the fund platform management capability, continuously promote first-level and
second-level linkage and the “investment linkage” ( 投投聯動 ) and leverage on the resources advantage
across the full industrial chain to improve the management scale and brand recognition; for the asset
management business, it will continue to focus on cross-border linkage, interdisciplinary collaboration and
the development of new products to intensify and strengthen the comprehensive business capabilities; for
investment banking business, the Group will deepen the strategy of advancing IPO, re-financing and M&As


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
in parallel, deeply explore leading domestic enterprises and new economy industries and actively strive for
star projects.



                                                                                                                           and Strategies
AssetMark will continue to hold onto the core business highlights, build an integrated technology platform,
improve customizable and scaled services, and strengthen advanced investment management
capabilities. AssetMark will continue to deepen cooperation with the existing investment advisors, and will
at the same time also focus on customers’ needs, provide differentiated services and assist customer
growth to further expand the investment consulting customer base. It will establish programs on financial
health, actively explore empowering investment advisory with cutting-edge technology and provide in-
depth services to meet the changing demands of customers. It will vigorously expand customer channels
and devote to improving the operation efficiency and reducing operational risks through promoting scale-




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
based business and the practice of the listed company in performing social responsibilities. In addition,
AssetMark will continue to focus on high-quality strategic M&A opportunities to promote extensive growth.

Huatai Securities (USA) will continue to improve the team building, maintain the business relationship with
US institutional investors, strengthen the linkage and collaboration with domestic and Hong Kong business
teams, actively expand the categories of products and businesses, increase FICC business lines, effectively
balance compliance and risk management requirements and provide all-dimensional services to meet
customers’ demands for asset allocation.



(V) Business innovation and its effects on the Company’s business performance,



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
future development and risk control

During the Reporting Period, the Company constantly carried out business innovation activities, promoted
the innovation of new businesses, new products, services and management modes, and constantly



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
improved its innovation ability. The development of innovative business is a supplement to the existing
product lines and business scope, which can effectively release business space, expand client resources
and revenue sources, enhance profitability, as well as improve customer structure and business model,
meet customers’ full and diversified business needs, and further enhance brand influence.

During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve the risk management mechanism on new
businesses and enhanced risk assessment on new businesses to guarantee that the risks on new businesses
are measurable, controllable and bearable. The Company actively participated in investment and trading
businesses of new publicly offered REITs products and provided liquidity market-making services for
such products. According to risk characteristics of specific business, the Company has developed and
established a risk control mechanism that covers placing, market making and relevant over-the-counter
derivatives business of publicly offered REITs and includes measures on concentration control, risk exposure




                                                                                                                    069
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           control and target management for publicly offered REITs, to support steady business development.

           During the Reporting Period, the Company obtained the market making qualification on certain commodity
           futures on Dalian Commodity Exchange and Shanghai Futures Exchange and actively participated in market
           making on commodity futures and provided liquidity services for commodity futures. The Company further
           improved the establishment of ancillary systems on market making and the management and control
           mechanism covering risk exposure and business scale and included new categories into the management
           system to ensure that all businesses could be carried out constantly and steadily on the premise that
           related risks are measurable, controllable and bearable.


           (VI) There were no significant changes in the Company’s operation status during
           the Reporting Period and there were no matters that had or expected to have
           significant influence in the future on the Company’s operation during the Reporting
           Period


           II. MAJOR OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

           As of December 31, 2021, on a consolidated basis, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB806.651 billion,
           representing a year-on-year increase of 12.54%; total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
           amounted to RMB148.423 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.99%; total revenue and other
           income amounted to RMB51.926 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.10%; and profit for the
           year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB13.346 billion, representing a year-on-
           year increase of 23.32%.


           (I) Main businesses analysis
           1. Analysis table of the changes in relevant items of the income statement and the cash flow statement
                                                                                         Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                             Amount for               Amount for
                                                             the current         the same period              Change
           Item                                                   period              of last year     percentage (%)

           Total revenue and other income                     51,926,404               40,534,436                   28.10

           Total expenses                                   (38,283,823)               (31,233,707)                  N/A

           Profit before income tax                           16,272,562                13,504,376                 20.50

           Profit for the year attributable to the
                                                              13,346,106                10,822,497                  23.32
           shareholders of the Company

           Net cash used in operating activities           (65,337,094)               (13,868,924)                   N/A

           Net cash used in investing activities              (262,042)                (13,451,545)                  N/A

           Net cash generated from financing
                                                             44,205,373                 26,850,070                 64.64
           activities

           Net decrease in cash and cash
                                                            (21,365,763)                 (470,399)                   N/A
           equivalents




70
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2. Income and other gains

As of December 31, 2021, the Group recorded income and other gains of RMB51,926 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of 28.10%, in which:

(1) Fee and commission income recorded a year-on-year increase of 20.95% to RMB22,325 million,
accounting for 42.99%, mainly due to the increase in charges income from securities and futures brokerage
business and underwriting and sponsorship business.

(2) Interest income recorded a year-on-year increase of 34.45% to RMB14,741 million, accounting for 28.39%,
mainly due to the increase in the Group’s income from margin financing and securities lending business.


                                                                                                                           About Us
(3) Net investment gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 10.94% to RMB11,271 million, accounting for
21.71%, mainly due to the increase in revenue from the Group’s investment business.

(4) Other income and gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 276.50% to RMB3,589 million, accounting
for 6.91%, mainly due to the increase in income from sales of bulk commodities.

                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                          2021                      2020               Increase/Decrease
Item


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                  Amount           Ratio     Amount          Ratio     Amount             Ratio

Fee and commission income       22,325,343       42.99%     18,457,811     45.54%     3,867,532         20.95%


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Interest income                  14,741,059      28.39%     10,963,881     27.05%      3,777,178        34.45%

Net investment gains              11,271,371      21.71%    10,159,587     25.06%        1,111,784      10.94%

Other income and gains           3,588,631         6.91%      953,157       2.35%     2,635,474       276.50%

Total revenue and other
                                51,926,404       100.00%   40,534,436      100.00%     11,391,968       28.10%
income




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
3. Total expenses

As of December 31, 2021, the Group’s total expenses were RMB38,284 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 22.57%, mainly due to the increase in staff costs and interest expenses, in which:

(1) Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB5,653 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
16.57%, mainly due to the increase in expenses from securities and futures brokerage business.

(2) Interest expenses amounted to RMB10,990 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.48%, mainly
due to the increase in the relevant finance costs during the Reporting Period as a result of the larger debt




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
financing scale as compared to the same period of last year.

(3) Staff costs amounted to RMB11,357 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.17%, mainly due to
the increase in accrued staff costs as a result of the income growth in the Group.



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
(4) Other expenses mainly include depreciation and amortisation expenses, tax and surcharges as well as
(reversal of)/provision for asset impairment loss and other operating expenses.




                                                                                                                   71
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                    2021                         2020                    Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                             Amount          Ratio        Amount          Ratio           Amount          Ratio

          Fee and commission
                                          (5,652,709)       14.77%     (4,849,322)       15.53%          (803,387)       16.57%
          expenses

          Interest expenses              (10,990,375)       28.71%     (8,358,703)      26.76%       (2,631,672)         31.48%

          Staff cost                       (11,357,194)     29.67%     (10,403,649)      33.31%          (953,545)        9.17%

          Depreciation and
                                           (1,432,645)       3.74%       (1,341,384)     4.29%             (91,261)       6.80%
          Amortization expenses

          Tax and surcharges                (239,895)        0.63%        (209,157)      0.67%            (30,738)       14.70%

          Other operating expenses         (8,062,817)      21.05%     (4,765,630)       15.26%      (3,297,187)         69.19%

          Impairment loss on
                                            (548,188)        1.43%      (1,306,208)       4.18%           758,020      (58.03)%
          financial assets

          Other asset impairment
                                                     –             –           346           –              (346)     (100.00)%
          (loss)/reversal

          Total expenses                 (38,283,823)      100.00%      (31,233,707)    100.00%      (7,050,116)         22.57%




          4. Analysis of income and other gains and expenses

          (1) Analysis of segment income and other gains
                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                 Percentage of
                                                                                  Percentage of   Increase or decrease
                                     Segment     total segment Segment income     total segment in percentage of total
                                 income and        income and and other gains income and other        segment income
                                  other gains       other gains   for the same      gains for the   and other gains as
                               for the current   for the current  period of last same period of compared to the same
          Business segment              period        period (%)           year     last year (%)    period of last year

          Wealth
                                                                                                                Increase of 2.33
          management               26,159,829              50.38         19,477,433          48.05
                                                                                                            percentage points
          business

          Institutional                                                                                       Decrease of 1.90
                                    12,495,351             24.06          10,524,711         25.96
          services business                                                                                 percentage points

          Investment
                                                                                                             Decrease of 2.02
          management                 4,162,162              8.02         4,070,097            10.04
                                                                                                            percentage points
          business

          International                                                                                         Increase of 1.51
                                    7,892,395              15.20         5,550,607            13.69
          business                                                                                          percentage points

          Others (including                                                                                   Increase of 0.08
                                     1,216,667              2.34            911,588               2.26
          offset)                                                                                            percentage point




72
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
During the Reporting Period, on a consolidated basis, the Group recorded income and other gains of
RMB51,926 million in total, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.10%. Among the principal business
segments, income and other gains from wealth management, institutional services, investment
management and international business increased year-on-year by RMB6,682 million, RMB1,971 million,
RMB92 million and RMB2,342 million, respectively.

In terms of income structure, the business structure of the Group has continued to be optimized. The income
from wealth management business segment accounted for 50.38% of the Group’s revenue, representing an
increase in proportion of 2.33 percentage points, mainly because the Group recorded an increase in both
margin financing and securities lending and sales of commodity futures and the business transformation


                                                                                                                            About Us
continued to advance due to the relatively active trading of the stock market; revenue from the institutional
service business segment recorded a year-on-year increase of 18.72%, but the proportion decreased by 1.90
percentage points as the growth rate was slightly lower than that of the Group’s revenue; the proportion
of the investment management business segment decreased by 2.02 percentage points due to due to
a slight decline in scale and revenue as a result of the continuous deepening of the de-channelization
transformation of the securities asset management business; and the income from international business
segment accounted for 15.20% of the Group’s revenue, representing an increase in proportion of 1.51
percentage points, mainly attributable to the improved results of Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong).



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
(2) Analysis on segment expenses



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                                                Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                  Percentage of
                                                                    Percentage of   Increase or decrease
                                  total segment
                                                       Segment      total segment in percentage of total
                        Segment expenses for the expenses for the expenses for the segment expenses as
                 expenses for the         current same period of   same period of compared to the same
Business segment   current period     period (%)        last year     last year (%)    period of last year

Wealth                                                                                       Increase of 2.94
management            (18,549,453)            48.45       (14,213,154)           45.51




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                                           percentage points
business

Institutional                                                                                Decrease of 0.79
                        (7,574,761)            19.79      (6,426,891)           20.58
services business                                                                           percentage point

Investment                                                                                  Decrease of 2.25
management              (1,290,760)            3.37        (1,756,231)           5.62
                                                                                           percentage points
business

International                                                                                Decrease of 0.06
                       (6,463,785)            16.88       (5,290,461)            16.94
business                                                                                    percentage point




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Others (including                                                                             Increase of 0.16
                       (4,405,064)              11.51    (3,546,970)             11.35
offset)                                                                                     percentage point




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
In terms of expenses of each business segment as a percentage of total expenses of the Group, expenses
of wealth management business segment increased by 2.94 percentage points, mainly due to the increase
in fee expenses of brokerage business, interest expenses and cost of commodity sales business; expenses
of institutional services business segment, investment management business segment and international
business segment decreased by 0.79 percentage point, 2.25 percentage points and 0.06 percentage point.




                                                                                                                    73
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          5. Information of R&D personal

          Focusing on the main development thread of the Group and implementing the two-pronged strategy
          empowered by technology, the Company strived to forge technology as its core competitiveness, in bid
          to achieve the vision of “building a world-class technology organization”. During the Reporting Period, the
          Group continued to make heavy investment in science and technology to achieve scale expansion, which
          further increased the number and enhanced the quality of scientific and technical personnel, optimized
          the staff structure and increased the ratio of research and development personnel, so as to build a future-
          oriented technology talent team. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the R&D personal of the Group
          amounted to 3,169, representing 22.05% of the total staff of the Group.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the information of R&D personnel of the Group is as follows:



                                           Doctor                                                                        12

                                           Master                                                                      947

          Education composition1           Bachelor                                                                  2,050

                                           Junior college graduate                                                      56

                                           High school diploma or less                                                    –

                                           <30                                                                         1,681

                                           ≥30-<40                                                                    1,253

          Age composition                  ≥40-<50                                                                      158

                                           ≥50-<60                                                                       74

                                           ≥60                                                                            3


          1
           Note: Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics of education
          composition of the R&D personnel do not include those of AssetMark.



          6. Cash flow

                                                                                           Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                     Amount for the        Amount of         Percentage of
                                                 Amount for the       same period         increase or           increase or
          Item                                    current period       of last year         decrease          decrease (%)

          Net cash used in operating
                                                    (65,337,094)       (13,868,924)      (51,468,170)                  N/A
          activities

          Net cash used in investing
                                                      (262,042)        (13,451,545)        13,189,503                  N/A
          activities

          Net cash generated from
                                                     44,205,373          26,850,070       17,355,303                 64.64
          financing activities

          Net decrease in cash and cash
                                                    (21,365,763)          (470,399)     (20,895,364)                   N/A
          equivalents


          During the Reporting Period, the net decrease of cash and cash equivalent of the Group was RMB21,366
          million, in which:




74
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(1) Net cash used in operating activities was RMB65,337 million, mainly due to an increase in financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss of RMB59,417 million as a result of the increase in the scale of
investment and trading business resulting in a capital outflow during the period.

(2) Net cash used in investing activities was RMB2,620 million, representing a decrease of RMB13,190 million
over the previous year, mainly due to a lower increase in the business scale of investing activities than that
of the previous year.

(3) Net cash generated from financing activities was RMB44,205 million, representing an increase of
RMB17,355 million over the previous year, mainly due to the issuance of debt financing instruments and
perpetual bonds.

                                                                                                                                 About Us
7. Detailed description of significant changes in the Group’s business types, components or sources of
profit
                                                                                     Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                              Amount for       Amount for
                              the current the same period     Year-on-year
Item                               period      of last year     change (%)                          Principal reason


                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Total revenue and other                                                          Increase in fee and commission
                               51,926,404       40,534,436             28.10
gains                                                                          income and net investment gains


                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                               Increase in interest expenses, staff
Total expenses               (38,283,823)      (31,233,707)             N/A       costs and fee and commission
                                                                                                        expenses

                                                                                    Increase in total revenue and
Operating profit                13,642,581       9,300,729            46.68
                                                                                                        other gains

                                                                                    Increase in total revenue and




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Profit before income tax        16,272,562       13,504,376           20.50
                                                                                                        other gains

                                                                                    Increase in total revenue and
Profit for the year            13,600,893       10,870,446             25.12
                                                                                                        other gains

Among which: profit for
the year attributable                                                               Increase in total revenue and
                                13,346,106       10,822,497           23.32
to shareholders of the                                                                                  other gains
Company

                                                                                  Increase in cash held on behalf




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Total assets                 806,650,833        716,751,235            12.54     of brokerage clients and margin
                                                                                             accounts receivable

                                                                                Increase in accounts payable to



                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Total liabilities             654,615,049     584,439,200              12.01    brokerage clients and long-term
                                                                                                          bonds

Total shareholders’                                                              Profit retention and issuance of
                              152,035,784       132,312,035            14.91
equity                                                                          perpetual bonds during the year




                                                                                                                         75
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position

          1. General description of consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                       As at December 31, 2021   As at December 31, 2020      Increase/decrease
          Item
                                          Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio       Amount            Ratio

          Non-current assets

          Property and equipment         5,178,222      0.64%      5,014,084      0.70%          164,138         3.27%

          Investment properties           294,008       0.04%       408,338       0.06%        (114,330)     (28.00)%

          Goodwill                       2,836,429      0.35%      2,260,945      0.32%        575,484         25.45%

          Land use rights and other
                                         6,790,673      0.84%      5,276,069      0.74%        1,514,604        28.71%
          intangible assets

          Interest in associates        18,269,459      2.26%       17,691,161     2.47%        578,298          3.27%

          Interest in joint ventures     1,749,065      0.22%       1,641,846     0.23%          107,219         6.53%

          Debt investment at
                                       25,299,666        3.14%    19,230,660      2.68%      6,069,006          31.56%
          amortised cost

          Financial assets at fair
          value through other            5,020,422      0.62%      14,401,106      2.01%   (9,380,684)        (65.14)%
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair
          value through profit or       9,896,339        1.23%     9,229,523       1.29%        666,816          7.22%
          loss

          Refundable deposits           27,627,129      3.42%     24,763,790      3.46%       2,863,339          11.56%

          Deferred tax assets              654,651      0.08%       339,502       0.05%          315,149       92.83%

          Other non-current assets        282,227       0.03%        283,320      0.04%          (1,093)       (0.39)%

          Total non-current assets     103,898,290      12.88%   100,540,344      14.03%      3,357,946          3.34%

          Current assets

          Accounts receivable            10,287,174      1.28%     9,095,561       1.27%        1,191,613        13.10%

          Other receivables and
                                         2,122,246      0.26%        1,131,408     0.16%       990,838         87.58%
          prepayments

          Margin accounts
                                       116,942,245      14.50%   102,574,007      14.31%     14,368,238          14.01%
          receivable

          Debt investment at
                                          7,121,850     0.88%      11,180,848      1.56%   (4,058,998)       (36.30)%
          amortised cost

          Financial assets held
                                         11,751,970      1.46%     19,536,413      2.73%    (7,784,443)      (39.85)%
          under resale agreements




76
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                As at December 31, 2021   As at December 31, 2020    Increase/decrease
Item
                                   Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio      Amount          Ratio

Financial assets at fair
value through profit or         345,362,833      42.81%   282,577,589     39.42%    62,785,244       22.22%
loss

Financial assets at fair
value through other               4,457,415      0.55%      1,545,266      0.22%       2,912,149    188.46%
comprehensive income

Derivative financial assets      15,247,805       1.89%     7,295,357       1.02%    7,952,448       109.01%            About Us

Clearing settlement funds         8,580,941       1.06%     6,988,396      0.98%      1,592,545      22.79%

Cash held on behalf of
                                143,640,263      17.81%   124,635,007      17.39%   19,005,256        15.25%
brokerage clients

Cash and bank balances           37,237,801      4.62%     49,651,039      6.93%    (12,413,238)    (25.00)%



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Total current assets            702,752,543      87.12%    616,210,891    85.97%    86,541,652        14.04%




                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Total assets                    806,650,833    100.00%     716,751,235    100.00%   89,899,598        12.54%

Current liabilities

Short-term bank loans             8,492,290       1.30%     11,299,859      1.93%   (2,807,569)     (24.85)%

Short-term debt
                                53,598,658        8.19%    43,951,388       7.52%    9,647,270        21.95%
instruments issued




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Placements from other
                                  14,018,721      2.14%      4,815,236     0.82%     9,203,485        191.13%
financial institutions

Accounts payable to
                                147,501,833     22.53%    136,387,634     23.34%       11,114,199      8.15%
brokerage clients

Employee benefits
                                  5,757,598      0.88%      4,156,895       0.71%     1,600,703       38.51%
payable

Other payables and
                                106,620,755      16.29%    105,880,311     18.12%      740,444        0.70%
accruals



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Contract liabilities               265,637       0.04%         92,366      0.02%         173,271     187.59%




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Current tax liabilities           1,245,374       0.19%      1,275,589     0.22%       (30,215)      (2.37)%

Financial assets sold
under repurchase                 130,710,001     19.97%   139,899,968     23.94%    (9,189,967)      (6.57)%
agreements

Financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or         28,289,462       4.32%      12,196,234     2.09%     16,093,228      131.95%
loss

Derivative financial
                                 10,643,222       1.63%    13,398,830      2.29%    (2,755,608)     (20.57)%
liabilities




                                                                                                                77
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                          As at December 31, 2021    As at December 31, 2020     Increase/decrease
          Item
                                             Amount         Ratio       Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio

          Long-term bonds due
                                           35,372,308      5.40%       11,428,893      1.96%    23,943,415     209.50%
          within one year

          Total current liabilities       542,515,859     82.88%     484,783,203     82.95%     57,732,656       11.91%

          Net current assets              160,236,684           –     131,427,688          –    28,808,996      21.92%

          Total assets less current
                                          264,134,974           –    231,968,032           –    32,166,942      13.87%
          liabilities

          Non-current liabilities

          Long-term bonds                  97,966,119      14.97%     85,624,295      14.65%     12,341,824      14.41%

          Long-term bank loans                722,816        0.11%       475,414      0.08%        247,402      52.04%

          Long-term employee
                                            7,057,339       1.08%      6,974,615        1.19%       82,724        1.19%
          benefits payable

          Deferred tax liabilities           2,619,161     0.40%       2,545,647      0.44%          73,514      2.89%

          Financial liabilities at fair
          value through profit or           2,833,456      0.43%       3,185,296      0.55%      (351,840)     (11.05)%
          loss

          Other payables and
                                             900,299        0.13%       850,730        0.15%        49,569       5.83%
          accruals

          Total non-current
                                           112,099,190      17.12%    99,655,997      17.05%     12,443,193     12.49%
          liabilities

          Net assets                      152,035,784    100.00%      132,312,035    100.00%     19,723,749      14.91%

          Shareholders’ equity

          Share capital                    9,076,650       5.97%       9,076,650      6.86%               –          –

          Other equity instruments         9,996,425       6.58%               –           –     9,996,425           –

          Treasury share                   (1,231,547)    (0.81)%     (1,626,546)    (1.23)%      394,999            –

          Reserves                         95,021,503     62.50%      92,622,778     70.00%      2,398,725       2.59%

          Retained profits                35,559,779      23.39%      28,998,618      21.92%       6,561,161    22.63%

          Total equity attributable
          to shareholders of the          148,422,810     97.62%      129,071,500    97.55%       19,351,310    14.99%
          Company

          Non-controlling interests         3,612,974      2.38%       3,240,535      2.45%        372,439       11.49%

          Total shareholders’ equity      152,035,784    100.00%      132,312,035    100.00%     19,723,749      14.91%




78
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
As of December 31, 2021, total non-current assets of the Group amounted to RMB103,898 million, representing
an increase of RMB3,358 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the
increase of RMB2,863 million in refundable deposits. As of December 31, 2021, total non-current liabilities of
the Group amounted to RMB112,099 million, representing an increase of RMB12,443 million as compared to
the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the increase in long-term bonds of RMB12,342 million.

As of December 31, 2021, total current assets of the Group amounted to RMB702,753 million, representing
an increase of RMB86,542 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to
the increase in margin accounts receivable of RMB14,368 million, the increase in the total amount of debt
investment at amortised cost, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and


                                                                                                                               About Us
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB61,638 million as compared to the beginning of
the year, the increase in cash held on behalf of brokerage clients of RMB19,005 million, and the decrease
in cash and bank balances of RMB12,413 million. As of December 31, 2021, total current liabilities of the
Group amounted to RMB542,516 million, representing an increase of RMB57,733 million as compared to the
beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the increase in accounts payable to brokerage clients of
RMB11,114 million, the increase in short-term debt instruments issued and long-term bonds due within one
year of RMB9,647 million and RMB23,943 million, respectively.

2. Major restricted assets as of the end of the Reporting Period


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
As of the end of the Reporting Period, major restricted assets of the Group totaled RMB157,634,377 thousand,
including cash and bank balances, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
value through other comprehensive income, debt investment at amortised cost and interest in associates.
Except for the above assets, no prime assets of the Group were seized, detained, frozen, mortgaged or
pledged so that they could or could not be realized, or could not be used to pay the debts only under a
certain condition. There was no circumstance or arrangement under which the prime assets were occupied,
used or benefited or the disposal of them was limited.

3. Description of changes in the measurement of assets measured at fair value and prime
assets




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Fair value refers to the price received for selling one asset or the price payable for transferring one liability
by a market participant in an orderly transaction on the measurement date.

When estimating the fair value, the Group considers the characteristics that the market participants
consider when they price the related assets or liabilities on the measurement date (including the asset
status and the limitation on selling or using the assets), and adopts the currently available valuation
techniques that are supported by adequate available data and other information. The main valuation
techniques used include market approach, income approach and cost approach.

The impact of gains and losses of changes in fair value on the Group’s profit during the Reporting Period is
as follows:



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                                                                   Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Item                                             Impact on profit for 2021            Impact on profit for 2020



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Financial assets at fair value
                                                               (8,812,676)                               5,633,455
through profit or loss

Financial liabilities at fair value
                                                                    118,087                             (954,692)
through profit or loss

Derivative financial instruments                                9,003,658                              (7,426,886)

Total                                                             309,069                               (2,748,123)




                                                                                                                       79
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          4. Structure and quality of assets

          As of December 31, 2021, total shareholders’ equity of the Group amounted to RMB152,036 million,
          representing an increase of RMB19,724 million or 14.91% as compared to that of the end of 2020, which was
          mainly due to the effects of issuance of perpetual bonds by the Group during the Reporting Period.

          The asset structure of the Group continued to optimize and our assets quality and liquidity remained sound.
          As of December 31, 2021, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB806,651 million, representing an increase
          of RMB89,900 million or 12.54% as compared to the beginning of the year. Specifically, cash and bank
          balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and clearing settlement funds of the Group amounted
          to RMB189,459 million, accounting for 23.49% of the total assets; margin accounts receivable amounted to
          RMB116,942 million, accounting for 14.50% of the total assets; financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
          amounted to RMB355,259 million, accounting for 44.04% of the total assets; debt investment at amortised
          cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to RMB41,899 million,
          accounting for 5.19% of the total assets; property and equipment, investment properties and other intangible
          assets accounted for 1.52% of the total assets. Most of the assets have strong cashability. The Group’s assets
          have strong liquidity and the asset structure is reasonable.

          During the Reporting Period, the Group’s debt-to-assets ratio has decreased. As of December 31, 2021,
          the liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB654,615 million, representing an increase of RMB70,176 million
          or 12.01%. The debt-to-assets ratio was 76.93% (excluding the impact of customer funds), representing a
          decrease of 0.27 percentage point as compared to the beginning of the year.

          As of December 31, 2021, the Group obtained funds through borrowings and debt financing instruments. As
          of the end of the Reporting Period, total principal of the placements from other financial institutions of the
          Group amounted to RMB210,171 million. Details are shown as follows:


                                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Borrowings and debt financing plans                                                       As of December 31, 2021

          Placement from China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                                                         –

          Placement from other financial institutions                                                                14,018,721

          Short-term borrowings                                                                                     8,492,290

          Short-term financing funds payable                                                                       53,598,658

          Long-term borrowings                                                                                         722,816

          Bonds payable                                                                                            133,338,427

          Total principal                                                                                           210,170,912



          Borrowings and debt-financing with a financing maturity of more than one year were RMB98,689 million,
          accounting for 46.96%. Among them, programs with a financing maturity of one to two years were
          RMB28,750 million, those with a financing maturity of two to five years were RMB62,674 million and those with
          a financing maturity of more than five years were RMB7,265 million. Borrowings and debt-financing with a
          financing maturity of less than one year were RMB111,482 million, accounting for 53.04%.

          As of December 31, 2021, the Group’s borrowings and debt financing with fixed interest rate were RMB206,833
          million. In particular, the balance of short-term borrowings was RMB8,492 million; the balance of placement
          from other financial institutions was RMB14,019 million; the balance of income receipts with fixed interest rate
          was RMB915 million; the balance of corporate bonds was RMB155,164 million; the balance of subordinated
          debts was RMB14,394 million; and the balance of foreign debts was RMB13,849 million.

          As of December 31, 2021, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB45,929 million, of which
          RMB cash and cash equivalents accounted for 70.62%.




80
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
As of December 31, 2021, all of the Group’s short-term bank loans were credit borrowings.

As of December 31, 2021, all of the Group’s long-term bank loans were credit borrowings.

5. Analysis of profitability

In 2021, the Group firmly implemented the “two-pronged” ( 雙 輪 驅 動 ) development strategy of wealth
management and institutional services with technology empowerment, and continuously enhanced its
digital operation capability. Its main businesses have been growing steadily throughout the year and its
comprehensive strength soundly ranked in the forefront of the industry.



                                                                                                                       About Us
6. Explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements

For details of the explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements of the Group,
please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this report headed “Investment in Subsidiaries”.

7. Analysis of income tax policy

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s income tax was subject to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the
PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and the Enforcement Regulations of Corporate Income Tax Law of the
PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條例》). The calculation and payment methods of the income tax shall

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
be subject to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issuing the Measures for the
Consolidated Collection of Corporate Income Tax on Trans-regional Business Operations (Announcement


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
[2012] No. 57 of the State Administration of Taxation) (《國家稅務總局關於印發 < 跨地區經營匯總納稅企業所得稅
徵收管理辦法 > 的公告》( 國家稅務總局公告 [2012]57 號 )). The income tax rate applicable to the Company and
its domestic subsidiaries is 25%. The Company enjoys the preferential policy of calculating and deducting
research and development expenses, and the profit tax rate applicable to the Hong Kong subsidiary of the
Company is 16.5%. Other overseas subsidiaries of the Company are subject to income taxes at tax rates
applicable in their jurisdictions.




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                               81
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          8. Analysis of financing channels and financing capacity

                         In terms of financing methods, the Company has two financing channels, equity financing and debt
                         financing. In terms of financing maturity, the Company’s short-term financing channels included
                         credit lending via interbank market, bond repurchasing via interbank market and stock exchange
                         market, issuing short-term financing bills, short-term corporate bonds, issuing income credential via
                         quotation and service system for inter-institutional private equity products and self-built counter
                         market, carrying out margin refinancing and income rights financing in relation to margin financing
          Financing      and securities lending from banks and other financial institutions, etc., and the Company’s medium
          channels       and long-term financing channels included issuing corporate bonds, private corporate bonds,
                         financial bonds, subordinated debt, perpetual subordinated debt and equity refinancing, etc. In
                         addition, the Company can also introduce foreign currency funds through the issuance of overseas
                         bonds and medium-term notes as well as syndicated loan to support the business development
                         of the Company. After years of effective efforts, the Company explored and established the
                         short, medium and long-term diversified financing channels, which played a key role in the rapid
                         development process of the Company’s business.

                         The Company has always attached great importance to liquidity management. As for funds
                         management, it adhered to the principle of “full amount concentrated, allocated in a unified
                         way, valued by classification and monitored timely”. In terms of management and development
                         strategies, it paid attention to matching business scale with liabilities. Based on reasonable asset
                         allocation and diversified debt financing, the Company ensured reasonable matching of duration,
                         scale of assets liabilities and proper liquidity.
                         The Company followed the general principles of comprehensiveness, prudency, predictiveness for
                         liquidity risk management according to the centralized management and hierarchical prevention
                         and control management model, established a liquidity risk management system based on
                         comprehensive risk management framework, as well as a sound liquidity risk management system
                         appropriate to the Company’s strategy, and implemented liquidity risk management policy with
                         the preference for “steadiness and safety”. The Company ensured no liquidity risk that would
                         cause significant impacts on sustainable operation, so as to fully guarantee the steady and safe
                         development of the business of the Company.

          Liquidity      In order to ensure its liquidity, the Company has adopted various measures mainly including: 1)
          management     constantly improving the capital planning system, establishing a daytime liquidity monitoring system
          policies and   and realizing a daytime monitoring of the management of capital position and cash flow through
          measures       platforms, so as to ensure the security of daytime liquidity; 2) strengthening the management for
                         the matching between durations of assets and liabilities and establishing high-quality current asset
                         reserves, in order to enhance the diversity and stability of financing; 3) upgrading and transforming
                         the treasury management platform, and achieving effective identification, measurement,
                         monitoring and controlling on liquidity risks through information system, in order to ensure that the
                         liquidity risks are measurable, controllable and tolerable; 4) analyzing supervisory indicators of cash
                         flow and liquidity risk under certain stress scenarios to evaluate the tolerance level of the Company
                         for liquidity risks and analyzing the stress test results to constantly improve the Company’s response
                         capacity for liquidity risks; 5) leveraging the consolidation supervision to strengthen the subsidiary
                         liquidity risk guidance and to implement vertical management for overseas subsidiaries’ fund and
                         liquidity risks while also to propose a package of management and control measures for core risk
                         points to improve subsidiaries’ response capacity for liquidity risks and the Group’s prevention and
                         control for liquidity risks; 6) organizing the formulation, exercise and evaluation of a liquidity risk
                         contingency plan, in order to improve the Company’s emergency capacity for liquidity risks; and 7)
                         improving the liquidity risk reporting system, so as to ensure that the management is able to keep
                         abreast of the Group’s liquidity risk level and management situation.




82
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                   The Company has operated in compliance with regulations, enjoyed sound reputation as well as
                   strong capital strength, profitability and debt repayment ability, maintained good cooperation
                   relationships with commercial banks, and had sufficient bank credit. As of the end of the Reporting
                   Period, the total credit line obtained by the Company from commercial banks exceeded RMB480
                   billion, demonstrating a strong short-term and medium-to-long term financing abilities. As of the
                   end of the Reporting Period, after assessment by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating
                   of the Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive assessment
                   by Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the Company
                   was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive assessment by Standard
                   & Poor’s, the credit rating of the Company was BBB+ and the credit rating outlook is stable. After


                                                                                                                                      About Us
                   comprehensive assessment by Moody’s, the credit rating of the Company was Baa1 and the credit
Analysis of
                   rating outlook is stable. As a listed securities dealer, the Company can also meet the fund demand
financing
                   for long-term development by means such as equity refinancing.
capability
              Taking into consideration both liquidity and profitability, the Company held a certain number of
and financing
              fixed-income products. Interest rate changes will bring direct impact to the interest income of the
strategy
              cash and the market price and investment income of the bond investment held by the Company.
              Margin financing and securities lending and other capital-based intermediary business, corporate
              debt financing and other businesses which directly relate to interest rates may directly impact
              corresponding interest income and financing interest expenses. At the same time, the Company’s



                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
              stock investment was also indirectly affected by interest rate changes. In addition, as the Company
              has registered overseas subsidiaries whose capital is contributed in foreign currency, the Company
              holds foreign currency funds and assets, and the changes of exchange rate will have certain


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
              impact on the Company’s financial situation. The Company optimized the distribution of assets and
              liabilities structure by timely adjusting all kinds of asset structure, strengthened the research on the
              interest rate and exchange rate market, and used appropriate interest rate, exchange rate and
              other derivative financial tools to avoid risks and reduce the influence of these factors.

Contingencies
and their
impacts on
                                                                      –
the financial




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
situation of the
Company




(III) Analysis of industry operation

For details, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(IV) Analysis of investments



                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
1. Overall analysis of external equity investments

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s investment in associates amounted to RMB18,269 million,




                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
representing an increase of RMB578 million or 3.27% as compared to RMB17,691 million at the beginning of
the period; and the investment in joint ventures amounted to RMB1,749 million, representing an increase of
RMB107 million or 6.52% as compared to RMB1,642 million at the beginning of the period. For details of the
overall situation of the Group’s external equity investment, please refer to Note 25 “Interest in associates”
and Note 26 “Interest in joint ventures” to the financial statements in this report.

(1) The Company had no significant equity investment

(2) The Company had no significant non-equity investment

(3) Financial assets measured at fair value




                                                                                                                              83
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                           The changed
                                                                                    Investment            amount of fair
                                           Balance at the      Balance at the income during the         value during the
          Item                            end of last year    end of this year  Reporting Period        Reporting Period

          Financial assets at fair
          value through other                   15,946,372           9,477,837               518,313            (582,699)
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair
                                                291,807,112        355,259,172          28,406,208             (8,812,676)
          value through profit or loss

          Derivative financial
                                               (6,103,473)           4,604,583          (17,553,798)            9,003,658
          instruments


          (4) There was no major asset restructuring and integration by the Company during the Reporting
          Period


          2. Information about the use of raised funds

          (1) Overview of the use of raised funds

          ① Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of A Shares

          (a) Information about the use of funds raised from the Initial Public Offering of A Shares

          Under the Approval for the Initial Public Offering by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2010]
          No. 138) (《關於核准华泰证券股份有限公司首次公開發行股票的批覆》( 證監許可 [2010] 138 號 )) issued by the
          CSRC, the Company publicly issued 784,561,275 ordinary shares in RMB to the public on February 9, 2010,
          each stock of which was RMB1.00 at an offering price of RMB20.00, and the total amount of funds raised
          was RMB15,691,225,500.00. The raised funds after deducting the underwriting fee and sponsoring fee of
          RMB130,000,000.00 amounted to RMB15,561,225,500.00, which were all in place on February 12, 2010, and
          verified by Jiangsu Talent Certified Public Accountants with the capital verification report (Tian Heng Yan Zi
          (2010) No. 009) issued. As of December 31, 2012, all the principal of the funds raised from the IPO was used up
          and the accumulative amount of RMB15.681 billion of the raised funds (including interest of raised funds of
          RMB119.8082 million) were used. All of the accounts designated for the use of raised funds of the Company
          had been cancelled with settlement of interests.

          (b)Information about the use of funds raised from the Non-Public Issuance of A Shares

          Upon the Approval for the Non-Public Issuance of Shares by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
          [2018] No. 315) (《關於核准华泰证券股份有限公司非公開發行股票的批覆》( 證監許可 [2018] 315 號 )) issued by the
          CSRC, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated ordinary shares
          (A Shares) in July 2018, each with a nominal value of RMB1.00 at an offering price of RMB13.05 and the total
          amount of funds raised was RMB14,207,942,160.00. After deducting the issuing fees of RMB74,736,488.79
          related to the non-public offering (including underwriting sponsorship fee, attorney fee, accountant fee,
          information disclosure fee, issuance registration fee, stamp duty and other fees), the net funds raised were
          RMB14,133,205,671.21, which were all in place on July 31, 2018 and were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP with
          the capital verification report (KPMG Huazhen Yan Zi No. 1800286) issued. As of December 31, 2019, all the
          funds raised from the Non-Public Issuance of the Company were used up and the accumulative amount
          of RMB14.184 billion of the raised funds (including interest income generated by raised funds) was used.
          Accounts designated for the use of raised funds of the Company have been cancelled.

          ② Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of H Shares

          Approved by the CSRC, the Company completed the issuance of H Shares in 2015. Funds raised from the
          issuance of H Shares were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP with the capital verification report (KPMG Huazhen
          Yan Zi No. 1501031) issued. According to the Capital Verification Report issued by KPMG Huazhen LLP, the net




84
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
funds raised from the initial public issuance of H Shares in 2015 were RMB30,587,689,604.94 (excluding related
listing fees), and raised funds after deducting the underwriting and issuing fees were RMB30,015,054,696.76.
As of December 31, 2020, all the funds raised from the H Share issuance of the Company were used up and
the accumulative amount of RMB30.666 billion of the raised funds (including interest income generated by
raised funds) was used and relevant accounts have been cancelled.

③ Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of GDRs

Upon the Approval for Issuance and Admission of Global Depository Receipts on London Stock Exchange
by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 1993) (《關於核准华泰证券股份有限公司發行全球存託
憑證並在倫敦證券交易所上市的批覆》( 證監許可 [2018] 1993 號 )) issued by the CSRC, the Company completed

                                                                                                                                      About Us
the total issuance of 82,515,000 GDRs in June 2019, each of which at an offering price of USD20.50 and the
total amount of funds raised was USD1,691,557,500.00. After deducting the issuing fees of USD39,961,513.72
related to the GDR offering, the net funds raised were USD1,651,595,986.28, equivalent to RMB11,313,036,931.20
at the central parity of RMB against the U.S. dollar on the date when transferred to the account. The
abovementioned funds raised were all in place on June 28, 2019 and were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP with
the capital verification report (KPMG Huazhen Yan Zi No. 1900393) issued.

During the Reporting Period, there were surplus funds of RMB128,629,875.52 (calculated at the exchange
rate at the end of 2020) carried forward from 2020, all of which were used for supporting the internal and


                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
external growth of international business during the Reporting Period. The usage of the funds raised was
consistent with that agreed in the GDR prospectus.


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company, with respect to its GDRs, has used raised funds of:
RMB3,547,720,085.15, calculated at actual exchange rate on the date of settlement of foreign currency,
for continuous investment in the existing main businesses, deeply cultivating the business sectors such
as wealth management, institutional services and investment management, and further promoting the
business transformation and upgrading; RMB1,000,000,000.00, calculated at actual exchange rate on the
date of settlement of foreign currency, for supplementing working capital and meeting general enterprise
purposes; USD1,013,928,574.46 for supporting the internal and external growth of international business,




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
and expanding overseas strategic layout. As of December 31, 2021, planned use of the Company’s funds
raised from the issuance of GDRs was consistent with that agreed in the GDR prospectus with no change.
All the funds raised from the GDR offering of the Company were used up and relevant accounts have been
cancelled.

Overview of the use of raised funds
                                                                                      Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                               Total amount                            Total
                                                    of raised   Total amount     amount of                    Usage and
                                Total amount funds used in           of raised raised funds                whereabouts
Raising Raising                      of raised the Reporting      funds used       yet to be             of raised funds
year    method                           funds         Period accumulatively           used                      unused



                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
2019      GDR offering               1,131,303.69   12,862.99      1,158,666.14                 –                        –

          Non-Public



                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
2018      offering                 1,420,794.22            –       1,418,421.26                 –                        –
          (A Shares)

          Initial offering
2015                              3,058,768.96             –     3,066,604.63                   –                        –
          (H Shares)

          Initial offering
2010                                1,556,122.55           –       1,568,103.37                 –                        –
          (A Shares)

Total     –                        7,166,989.42     12,862.99      7,211,795.40                 –                        –

Notes to the overview of the use of raised funds                                  –




                                                                                                                              85
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) There was no commitment in raised funds of the Company during the Reporting Period

          (3) There was no change in raised funds of the Company during the Reporting Period

          3. Projects not funded by raised funds

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any project funded by non-raised funds whose
          total investment was more than 10% of the audited net assets of the Company as at the end of the previous
          year.

          (V) There were no sales of significant assets or equities by the Company during the
          Reporting Period

          (VI) There was no bankruptcy or restructuring, merger or division, major disposal,
          acquisition, replacement or stripping of assets or restructuring of other companies
          by the Company during the Reporting Period

          (VII) Analysis of Key Subsidiaries




86
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                     Shareholding percentage
     Company name                            of the Company                      Registered capital                         Total assets                  Net assets           Operating revenue                          Total profit                       Net profit
                                                                100%                       260,000.00                        1,128,068.48                 954,576.64                      235,674.44                       168,946.85                       127,428.88
     Huatai Securities
     (Shanghai) Asset
     Management Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: securities asset management; publicly offered securities investment funds management. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out
                                     upon the approval of relevant authorities).
     Huatai International                                       100%         HK$ 10,200,000,002.00                           14,108,135.22               1,325,933.30                     630,266.24                        145,441.04                        117,617.30
     Financial Holdings
     Company Limited                 Main business: holding company.
                                                                100%                       600,000.00                       1,622,692.63                 1,150,228.66                       93,542.54                       82,305.93                        63,292.02
     Huatai Purple Gold
     Investment Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: equity investment, debt investment, other fund investments associated with equity investment and debt investment; investment consulting and investment
                                     management for equity investment and debt investment, and financial consulting. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of
                                     relevant authorities).
                                                                100%                       350,000.00                         419,023.46                  353,549.63                       109,486.43                         96,888.11                       73,108.50
                                     Main businesses: project investment, investment management, sale of precious metal, hotel management; the followings are permitted to be operated only by branches:
                                     accommodation, catering services, sale of foods, fitness services, swimming pool, laundry collection, typing and copying, motor vehicle public parking services, conference
     Huatai Innovative               services, undertaking exhibitions, tourism information consultation, ticket agent service. (1. Public fund-raising shall not be conducted without approval by relevant authorities;
     Investment Co., Ltd.            2. trading activities of securities products and financial derivatives shall not be publicly carried out; 3. no loans shall be granted; 4. no guarantee shall be provided to any other
                                     enterprises except for its invested enterprises; promises shall not be made to investors that the principal of their investments will not be subject to any loss or that they will get a
                                     minimum return; enterprises shall independently select business items and carry out operations according to law; businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried
                                     out in accordance with the approved contents upon the approval of relevant authorities; business activities classified as prohibited or restricted items by industrial policies of
                                     this city shall not be carried out).
                                                  99.92%                   99,748.00                  827,715.45            488,528.91            391,017.07            104,868.94                 78,663.17
     Huatai United Securities
     Co., Ltd.                Main businesses: securities underwriting and sponsorship (excluding treasury bonds, non-financial corporate debt financing instruments and financial bond underwriting);
                              financial advisory for securities trading and investment related activities; other businesses approved by the CSRC.
                                                  60%                  160,900.00                5,223,073.41            334,162.34             403,743.95            50,382.58                 36,750.23
     Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. Main businesses: commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consultancy, asset management and fund sales. (Businesses that need to be
                              approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).
                                                                 52%                         20,000.00                          50,577.15                   40,483.71                         11,250.82                        6,175.97                       4,638.60
     Jiangsu Equity                  Main businesses: provision of premises, facilities and services for approved listing, registration, custody, trading, financing, settlement, transfer, dividend distribution and pledge
     Exchange Co., Ltd.              of equity interests, bonds, assets and related financial products and financial derivatives of unlisted companies, organization and monitoring of trading activities, issuance of
                                     market information, trading of listed products in the trading market as an agent, and provision of consultation services for market participants. (Businesses that need to be
                                     approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).
                                                               41.16%                         36,172.00                       1,415,904.41                865,654.31                        760,661.17                     282,774.09                       216,297.46
     China Southern Asset
     Management Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the securities regulatory authority under the State Council.
                                               49%                     20,000.00            240,866.64            151,816.82                                                               149,524.63                       55,763.93                         41,284.14
     Huatai-PineBridge Fund
     Management Co., Ltd. Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                                               5.63%                       1,154,445.00                  261,839,000.00                 19,713,326.90                    6,377,100.00                    2,647,600.00                    2,055,873.50
                                     Main businesses: deposits taking from the general public; granting short-term, medium-term and long-term loans; handling domestic settlements; handing acceptance and
                                     discounting of negotiable instruments; issuing financial bonds; acting as an agent for the issue, honoring and underwriting of government bonds and underwriting of short-term
     Bank of Jiangsu Co.,            commercial papers; buying and selling government bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds; engaging in interbank lending; providing letter of credit services and guaranty;
     Ltd.                            acting as an agent for receipts/payments and insurance business, wealth management, fund sales, precious metal sales, receipts/payments and custody of collective fund
                                     trust scheme; provision of safe deposit boxes; handing entrusted deposits and loans; bank card services; foreign currency deposits; foreign currency loans; foreign exchange
                                     remittances; currency exchange; settlement and sales of foreign exchange, acting as an agent for forward settlement and sales of foreign exchange; international settlement;
                                     proprietary trading and agency for trading of foreign exchange; interbank foreign exchange lending; trading or acting as an agent for trading in foreign currency securities
                                     other than stocks; credit investigation, consultation and witness services; online banking, and other services approved by the banking regulatory bodies and relevant authorities.
                                     (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).
     Notes: The financial data of the Bank of Jiangsu was extracted from its express report of 2021 annual results. The data of net assets represents owner’s equity attributable to shareholders of the listing company, and the data of net profit represents net profit
     attributable to shareholders of the listing company.




87
                                       Financial Report and                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                                             Corporate Governance                                                                                            About Us                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                                                         and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VIII) Structured entities controlled by the Company

          The structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly refer to the asset management plans with the
          Group as the manager or investment advisor and the investor. The Group carries out a comprehensive
          assessment as to whether the Group will be significantly affected by variable returns due to the return
          which the Group is entitled to for the shares held by it and its remuneration as the manager or investment
          advisor of the asset management plan, and according to which, determines whether the Group is the main
          responsible person for the asset management plan. As at December 31, 2021, the Group has consolidated 34
          structured entities whose assets reached RMB29,375,007,858.58 in total. The amount of the trading financial
          assets in the balance sheet, which embodies the equity of the Group in the above consolidated structured
          entities, was RMB28,328,912,700.12.

          (IX) Other information

          1. Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

          (1) Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

          For details of the establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period,
          please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this report headed “Investment in Subsidiaries”.

          (2) Capital increase in Huatai International during the Reporting Period

          According to the Letter on the Proposed Capital Increase by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Hong Kong
          Subsidiary (《關於华泰证券股份有限公司擬向香港子公司增資有關事項的函》) issued by the CSRC and the Resolution
          on the Increase of Registered Capital of Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited, a wholly-
          owned subsidiary of the Company (《關於增加公司全資子公司華泰國際金融控股有限公司註冊資本金的議案》)
          considered and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company resolved to increase
          capital of HK$1.4 billion to Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited, its wholly-owned
          subsidiary. During the Reporting Period, the capital increase of HK$1.4 billion to Huatai International Financial
          Holdings Company Limited was completed with the registered capital changed to HK$10,200,000,002.

          2. The establishment and disposal of the Company’s branches and securities branches during
          the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company relocated one branch, and no branches were newly established
          or cancelled; 2 securities branches were newly established and 39 were relocated, and no securities
          branches were cancelled.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 28 branch offices and 245 securities branches. For
          details, please refer to “Appendix II: List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this report.


          (1) Relocation of branch during the Reporting Period

          No.     Name of branches       Address after relocation                                 Issue Date of License

                                         Rooms 2503, 2504, 2505, 2506, 2507 and 2508,
                  Huatai Securities      Building 1-1-25, China Overseas Chinese Financial
          1                                                                                       November 16, 2020
                  Sichuan Branch         Center, No. 33, Jiaozi Avenue, Hitech Zone, Chengdu,
                                         China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone




88
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(2) Newly established securities branches during the Reporting Period

    Name of Securities                           Date of
No. Branches           Address                   establishment   Business scope

                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities investment
                         Shops 1-1#, 1-10#,
                                                                 consulting; securities underwriting (limited
                         2-1#, 2-10#, Building
    Securities                                                   to underwriting of government bonds,
                         1, Yangming
    Branch of Huatai                                             debt financing instruments of non-
                         International Centre,
1   Securities in                              May 25, 2021      financial enterprises and financial bonds
                         Zhangjiang New

                                                                                                                         About Us
    Ganzhou M&A                                                  (including policy-bank bonds) only);
                         District, Zhanggong
    Fund Park                                                    margin financing and securities lending;
                         District, Ganzhou,
                                                                 agency sale of securities investment
                         Jiangxi
                                                                 funds; agency sale of financial products.

                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities investment
                                                                 consulting; securities underwriting (limited
                         Rooms 03-04, 15/
    Securities                                                   to underwriting of government bonds,
                         F (The actual floor
    Branch of Huatai                                             debt financing instruments of non-
                         is 03 – 04,12/F), No.


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
    Securities in                                                financial enterprises and financial bonds
2                        18 Dongfang Road,       July 22, 2021
    Dongfang Road,                                               (including policy-bank bonds) only; and
                         China (Shanghai)
    Pudong New                                                   limited to underwriting); margin financing

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                         Pilot Free Trade
    District, Shanghai                                           and securities lending; agency sale of
                         Zone
                                                                 securities investment funds; agency sale
                                                                 of financial products.




(3) Relocation of securities branches during the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
    Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                             Issue Date
No. relocation                relocation                         Address after relocation          of License

    Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      No. 16-1 to 16-3 Fenghuang
                                                                                                   January 12,
1   Securities in Dongfang      Securities in Fenghuang          Road, Development Zone,
                                                                                                   2021
    Road, Danyang, Zhenjiang Road, Danyang, Zhenjiang            Danyang

    Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      East Half of Jinxin Mansion,
                                                                                              January 12,
2   Securities in Renmin Middle Securities in Renmin Middle      No. 79 Renmin Middle Road,
                                                                                              2021
    Road, Nantong               Road, Nantong                    Chongchuan District, Nantong

                                                                 Room 703, 7/F, Unit 1, Building



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
    Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                 1, New Hope Mansion, No. 45       January 25,
3   Securities in Renmin South Securities in Renmin South
                                                                 Section 4, Renmin South Road,     2021
    Road, Chengdu               Road, Chengdu
                                                                 Wuhou District, Chengdu




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                                                                 Rooms L1805-L1806 China
                                Securities Branch of             Resources Building, No. 2666
    Securities Branch of Huatai
                                Huatai Securities in China       Keyuan South Road, Haizhu         January 25,
4   Securities in Haide Third
                                Resources Building, Keyuan       Community, Yuehai Sub-            2021
    Avenue, Shenzhen
                                South Road, Shenzhen             district, Nanshan District,
                                                                 Shenzhen

    Securities Branch of Huatai   Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                 No. 46, 47, 48 and 49 Miaojing
    Securities in Wangyuan        Securities in Wangyuan                                           January 27,
5                                                                New Village, Fengxian District,
    South Road, Fengxian          South Road, Fengxian                                             2021
                                                                 Shanghai
    District, Shanghai            District, Shanghai




                                                                                                                 89
 HUATAI SECURITIES




               Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                               Issue Date
           No. relocation                relocation                          Address after relocation           of License

                                                                             Rooms 2904, 2905 and 2906,
                Securities Branch of Huatai   Securities Branch of           Block D, China Resources Land
                Securities in Xinnan First    Huatai Securities in China     Building, No. 19 Kefa Road,     January 27,
           6
                Avenue, High and New-         Resources Land Building,       Dachong Community, Yuehai 2021
                tech Zone, Shenzhen           Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen       Sub-district, Nanshan District,
                                                                             Shenzhen

                                                                             No. 165, 1/F; Rooms 2102-2105,
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             Unit A, Suning Plaza, No. 29       March 8,
           7    Securities in Qingnian      Securities in Huaihai East
                                                                             Huaihai East Road, Gulou           2021
                Road, Xuzhou                Road, Xuzhou
                                                                             District, Xuzhou

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      Room 101, Building 2, Jinhai
                                                                                                                March 5,
           8    Securities in Shanghai East Securities in Shanghai East      Garden, Development Zone,
                                                                                                                2021
                Road, Nantong               Road, Nantong                    Nantong

                Securities Branch of Huatai   Securities Branch of Huatai    Units A2, A3, A4, A5, A6, 5/F,
                Securities in Kaifeng North   Securities in Diamond Plaza,   Building 1, Diamond Plaza, No. March 31,
           9
                Road, Zhongjiang County,      Changjiang West Road,          29 Section 2, Changjiang West 2021
                Deyang                        Deyang                         Road, Deyang, Sichuan

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      No. 6 Wenlan Road, Xianlin
           10   Securities in Guangzhou     Securities in Wenlan Road,       Higher Education Mega              April 7, 2021
                Road, Nanjing               Nanjing                          Center, Qixia District, Nanjing

                                                                             Room 902, 9/F, Building
                                                                             D, Nanjing Yangtze River
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             International Shipping Center,
           11   Securities in Zhongshan     Securities in Zhenghe                                               April 19, 2021
                                                                             No. 118 Zhenghe Middle Road;
                North Road, Nanjing         Middle Road, Nanjing
                                                                             No. 3-15-2 Yongning Street,
                                                                             Gulou District, Nanjing

                                                                             Rooms 702-704, 7/F, South
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      Office Building, Nanning China
                                                                                                             April 29,
           12   Securities in Zhongtai Road, Securities in Minzu Avenue,     Resources Center, No. 136-5
                                                                                                             2021
                Nanning                      Nanning                         Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,
                                                                             Nanning

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai Room 202A, Guanghua
                                                                                                                May 25,
           13   Securities in Jiefang Road, Securities in Daguang Road, Mansion, No. 39 Daguang
                                                                                                                2021
                Nanjing                     Nanjing                     Road, Qinhuai District, Nanjing

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      Rooms 906-911, The Third of
                                                                                                                May 28,
           14   Securities in Tianhe East   Securities in Xingmin Road,      No. 222 Xingmin Road, Tianhe
                                                                                                                2021
                Road, Guangzhou             Guangzhou                        District, Guangzhou

                                            Securities Branch of Huatai      Units 01B, 02, 03, 05, 06, 3/F,
                Securities Branch of Huatai
                                            Securities in Huangpi South      Block A, Building 4, No. 1, Lane
           15   Securities in Tibet South                                                                       June 17, 2021
                                            Road, Huangpu District,          838, Huangpi South Road,
                Road, Shanghai
                                            Shanghai                         Huangpu District, Shanghai

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      Room 104, Building Z02, Xin Lian
           16   Securities in Hongri Avenue, Securities in Hongri Avenue,    Yi Pin, Zhong Lian One City,     June 17, 2021
                Lianshui, Huaian             Lianshui, Huaian                Lianshui County, Huaian




90
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                              Issue Date
No. relocation                relocation                          Address after relocation          of License

                                                                  Shops 101-104 and Shops
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  201-203, Building 3, Guoding
17   Securities in Yongning      Securities in Minzhu Road,                                         June 17, 2021
                                                                  Mansion, No. 138-17 Minzhu
     Avenue, Wuxue               Wuxue
                                                                  Road, Wuxue, Hubei

                                                                  4/F, Changye Golden Villa,
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  No. 621 Donggang West Road,       June 24,
18   Securities in Gannan Road, Securities in Donggang

                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                                  Chengguan District, Lanzhou,      2021
     Lanzhou                     West Road, Lanzhou
                                                                  Gansu

                                                                  No. 14, 1-2/F, Building 2,
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  Champs Elysees, Jiangjin          June 22,
19   Securities in Beijing Middle Securities in Jiangjin Middle
                                                                  Middle Road, Shashi District,     2021
     Road, Jingzhou               Road, Jingzhou
                                                                  Jingzhou

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  No. 167 Changjiang Avenue,


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
20   Securities in Qingjiang     Securities in Changjiang                                           July 7, 2021
                                                                  Lucheng, Yidu
     Avenue, Yidu                Avenue, Yidu



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
     Securities Branch of          Securities Branch of
     Huatai Securities in          Huatai Securities in
                                                                  25/F, No. 90 Zhongshan East       August 7,
21   Huatai Securities Building,   Huatai Securities Building,
                                                                  Road, Nanjing                     2021
     Zhongshan East Road,          Zhongshan East Road,
     Nanjing                       Nanjing

                                                                  Room 101, Commercial Building
                                                                  No. 1, Jinhai Mingyue Garden,
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                  No. 65 Yinjiaqu North Street, August 16,
22   Securities in Xinhua West   Securities in Yinjiaqu North
                                                                  Jinfeng District, Yinchuan,   2021
     Street, Yinchuan            Street, Yinchuan
                                                                  Ningxia Hui Autonomous
                                                                  Region

                                                                  The Second of Block 1, 1/F,
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  Building 3, Zima Pentium Plaza, August 11,
23   Securities in Xingzheng     Securities in Zhongshan 5th
                                                                  No. 2 Zhongshan 5th Road,       2021
     Road, Zhongshan             Road, Zhongshan
                                                                  East District, Zhongshan

                                                                  Rooms 59-147, 3/F, Building 5,
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                                                                  Hexin Center, No. 23 Xinning      September
24   Securities in Wusi Street,  Securities in Xinning Road,
                                                                  Road, Chengxi District, Xining,   9, 2021
     Xining                      Xining
                                                                  Qinghai




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                                                  Room 2501A, Building B,
                                                                  Donghai International Center
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  (Phase I), No. 7888 Shennan       September
25   Securities in Shennan       Securities in Shennan
                                                                  Avenue, Donghai Community,        24, 2021
     Avenue, Shenzhen            Avenue, Shenzhen
                                                                  Xiangmihu Sub-district, Futian
                                                                  District, Shenzhen




                                                                                                                    91
 HUATAI SECURITIES




               Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                           Issue Date
           No. relocation                relocation                        Address after relocation         of License

                                                                           Rooms 03-04, 1/F, Unit 3,
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    Building 1, Vanke Jinyu Huafu,
                                                                                                            September
           26   Securities in Youyi Avenue, Securities in Youyi Avenue,    No. 29 Fangji Road, Yangyuan
                                                                                                            16, 2021
                Wuhan                       Wuhan                          Street, Wuchang District,
                                                                           Wuhan

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    Rooms 1502-1503, 15/F, Unit
                                                                                                            October 11,
           27   Securities in Jiangbeizui,  Securities in Jiangbeizui,     2, No. 9 Juixianyan Square,
                                                                                                            2021
                Chongqing                   Chongqing                      Jiangbei District, Chongqing

                                                                           Units 1203, 1205 and 1206,
                                                                           Xizhilang Building, No. 3033
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Zhongxin Road, Weilan Coast      October 19,
           28   Securities in Ali Cloud     Securities in Zhongxin Road,
                                                                           Community, Yuehai Sub-           2021
                Building, Houhai, Shenzhen Houhai, Shenzhen
                                                                           district, Nanshan District,
                                                                           Shenzhen

                Securities Branch of
                                            Securities Branch of Huatai    Room 1901, No. 39
                Huatai Securities in                                                                        October 26,
           29                               Securities in Qingliangmen     Qingliangmen Street, Gulou
                Caochangmen Street,                                                                         2021
                                            Street, Nanjing                District, Nanjing
                Nanjing

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    Floor 1 East, Dongyuan Building,
                                                                                                            October 29,
           30   Securities in Jiefang Road, Securities in Jiefang Road,    No. 30 Jiefang Road, Lixia
                                                                                                            2021
                Jinan                       Jinan                          District, Jinan

                                                                           Rooms 101, 102, 201, 202, 301,
                                                                           402, Building B7, Qianhai
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund
                                                                                                            December
           31   Securities in Qianhai,      Securities in Qianhai,         Town, No. 128 Guiwan 5th
                                                                                                            15, 2021
                Shenzhen                    Shenzhen                       Road, Nanshan Sub-district,
                                                                           Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                                                                           Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen

                                                                           No. 87 Huanghe Street, Rare
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Earth Development Zone,          December
           32   Securities in Donghe        Securities in Huanghe
                                                                           Baotou, Inner Mongolia           13, 2021
                District, Baotou            Street, Baotou
                                                                           Autonomous Region

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    Room 102, Bona Building, No.
                                                                                                        December
           33   Securities in Chuangxin     Securities in Chuangxin        2777 Chuangxin Avenue, High-
                                                                                                        9, 2021
                Avenue, Hefei               Avenue, Hefei                  tech District, Hefei

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           No. 29 Middle Chaoyang Road, December
           34   Securities in Chaoyang      Securities in Chaoyang
                                                                           Maojian District, Shiyan     16, 2021
                North Road, Shiyan          Middle Road, Shiyan

                                                                           Shops 1004-1006, HSBC Central
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Plaza and Room 801-814,         December
           35   Securities in Huahai East   Securities in Huahai East
                                                                           Building 1, HSBC Central Plaza, 14, 2021
                Road, Huaian                Road, Huaian
                                                                           Huaian,




92
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
    Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                              Issue Date
No. relocation                relocation                        Address after relocation            of License

                                                                12/F, Building N, Nanjing
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                Zendai Himalaya Center, No. 2       December
36   Securities in Hubu Street,  Securities in Minzhi Road,
                                                                Minzhi Road, Yuhuatai District,     14, 2021
     Nanjing                     Nanjing
                                                                Nanjing

                                                                South to 4/F, Room 101, Central
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                Plaza, No. 2 Jianghai East          December
37   Securities in Renmin Road, Securities in Jianghai Road,

                                                                                                                         About Us
                                                                Road, Chengzhong Sub-               14, 2021
     Rudong, Nantong             Rudong, Nantong
                                                                district, Rudong County

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                No. 1 Minzu Avenue, Hongshan        December
38   Securities in Minzu Avenue, Securities in Minzu Avenue,
                                                                District, Wuhan                     28, 2021
     Wuhan                       Wuhan

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    Room 3004, Building 1, No. 11
                                                                                                    December
39   Securities in Pusi Road,    Securities in Pukou Avenue,    Pukou Avenue, Jiangpu Sub-
                                                                                                    29, 2021


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
     Nanjing                      Nanjing                       district, Pukou District, Nanjing




                                                                                                                       and Strategies
3. Standardization of accounts such as unqualified accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
disposal accounts, and pure fund accounts

As at December 31, 2021, the Company had 4,139 unqualified securities accounts, 2,724 judicially frozen
securities accounts, 84,309 risk disposal securities accounts, and 721,538 pure capital accounts.

Account standardization has reached the following quality standards: (1) Except for restricted use of
dormant securities accounts, remaining unqualified securities accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
disposal accounts, etc., the accounts engaging in normal trading activities are all qualified accounts. (2)
Regular comparison of funds and securities account information was made to verify the consistency of key
information such as customer names and numbers to prevent the addition of unqualified accounts. Key
information inconsistencies due to special circumstances such as differences in information rules between
the depository bank and the registered company or unusual word processing have been explained on a
case-by-case basis.

Relevant measures for long-term and standardized management of accounts: the daily management of
accounts was strengthened and the real-name system requirements for account business was strictly
implemented. Through face recognition technology, combined with ID card readers, public security network
verification, mobile phone number verification by relevant operator, the Group has strengthened investor



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
identity information identification. It further improved the customer file management system, built a unified
management platform by protocol, promote the optimisation of comprehensive account management
functions, and continue to improve the long-term management mechanism for standardized accounts.



III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S FUTURE DEVELOPMENT                                                      Documents for Inspection


(I) Competition landscape and trend of the industry

At present, the long-term upward trend of China’s economy continues to consolidate. Under the major
strategic deployment of accelerating the establishment of a new “dual circulation” development pattern in
which domestic economic cycle plays a leading role with both the domestic and international economic
cycles promoting each other, the capital market plays an increasingly prominent hub role in promoting
the high circulation among technology, capital and the real economy, and the securities industry, as an




                                                                                                                 93
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           important participant in the capital market, will also embrace major strategic opportunities and broad
           development opportunities.

           First, the comprehensive deepening of the reform of the capital market will provide a broader development
           space for the securities industry. In recent years, the comprehensive deepening reform of the capital market
           has accelerated, and market-oriented reform measures have been implemented one after another. With
           increasing inclusiveness in the capital market system and steady enhancement of the competitiveness
           of market entities, the positive trend of the market ecology has been continually consolidated. Under the
           policy background of officially implementing the new Securities Law, comprehensively implementing the
           registration system reform, increasing the proportion of direct financing, and establishing a normalized
           delisting mechanism, the capital market in China has initiated a new stage with the full optimization of
           fundamental systems and the reform and development for the full restructuring of the market ecosystem.
           Moreover, the securities industry will continue to benefit from the policy dividends released by the capital
           market reform.

           Second, the new pattern of institutional two-way opening up will drive the securities industry to transform
           in the direction of high-quality development. Under the background of accelerating two-way opening up,
           the supply of products and supporting systems for cross-border investment will continue to be enriched
           and cross-border investment channels will continue to be optimized and expanded. The adjustment and
           differentiation in the industry’s competitive landscape will promote securities companies to accelerate the
           enhancement of comprehensive strength, optimize products and improve capabilities on serving the real
           economy and investors. Oriented by customer needs, we will actively expand the depth and breadth of our
           business and services, build a systematic and platform-based comprehensive strength, and transform to a
           comprehensive financial service provider with complete business chain, industrial chain and service chain,
           which has become the only way for large securities companies to achieve high-quality development.

           Third, digital and intelligent transformation will reshape the business operation model and service
           ecology of the securities industry. In recent years, with highly value in and widely application of Fintech in
           the securities industry, leading financial institutions at home and abroad have increased investment in
           technological innovation, seized the development opportunities brought about by Fintech empowerment,
           built an open and integrated Fintech development ecosystem, and promoted a comprehensive upgrade of
           the customer service system to create core competitive advantage. With active utilization of digitalization
           and intelligent thinking to comprehensively transform business models and management modes, we have
           achieved the in-depth integration of Fintech and business development, which will be an effective way for
           securities companies to enhance comprehensive financial service capabilities and establish a new round
           of innovative growth models.

           (II) The Company’s development strategy

           1. Strategic vision: Striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and
           global influence, and a financial institution with international competitiveness, brand influence and system
           importance.

           2. Values and operation philosophy: By adhering to the core values of “high efficiency, integrity, stability and
           innovation” and committing to the operation philosophy of “centered on customer services, oriented by
           customers’ needs and purposed on customer satisfaction”, to be accountable to all clients, shareholders,
           staff and society to achieve harmony and unity.

           3. Strategic orientation: By adhering to the development ideas of marketization and openness and relying
           on platform-based operation as the core to create a brand-new business model of two-pronged, cross-
           border linkage and ecological interaction of wealth management and institutional services with technology
           empowerment; implementing a differentiated competitive tactic of “investment banking gene + full
           business chain” and with high-level investment in strategic fields to build core competitiveness of future-
           oriented digital and intelligent development and develop significant leading edge and brand influence in
           key customer groups, key industries and key regions with an commitment to being a pioneer of industry
           reform and innovation and a promoter of sustainable development to become a first-class investment
           bank with innovative vitality and technological characteristics.




94
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(III) Business operation plan

Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(IV) The Company’s capital needs to sustain the current business and complete the
ongoing investment projects

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company was at the forefront of the industry in terms of total
assets, net assets, net capital and other indicators. The Company has built an assets & liabilities and
liquidity management system that not only meets the Company’s strategy and regulatory requirements but


                                                                                                                           About Us
is also favourable for the development of businesses through constantly optimizing allocation of assets and
liabilities. During the Reporting Period, the Company enhanced the management of capital, liabilities and
business within the industry, improved its financing ability, optimized the structure of assets and liabilities
and lower the financing costs by constantly expanding the financing sources and various bond financing
channels. The Company realized liquidity matching of major assets and liabilities by enhancing the liquidity
arrangement of assets to guarantee the balance of gross volume and reasonable structure of the assets
and liabilities of the Company and realize dynamic equilibrium of security, mobility and profitability, so as to
ensure that the capital strength of the Company matches its status in the industry.



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(V)Potential risks (including the implementation of overall risk management and
the investment in compliance risk control and information technology)

1. Overview of risk management                                                                                           and Strategies
The Company attached great importance to risk management. According to regulatory requirements
and the actual situation of business development, the Company established a relatively comprehensive
overall risk management system based on the core concepts of full staff engagement, full coverage
and full penetration. The Company has a solid and effective risk management framework with clearly
defined responsibilities and staff at all levels performing their duties effectively; the Company worked




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
out a risk appetite and tolerance system, which is organically integrated with the development strategy,
and established a multi-level comprehensive risk management system covering all aspects of business
operation and management; in addition, the Company vigorously promoted the construction of group-wide
risk-management technology system and established centralized, time-based, quantitative and penetrable
pillars for risk management technologies, to improve the effectiveness of risk management of the Group
and further strengthen the Group’s overall risk identification, quantitative evaluation and risk control
capabilities. The Company incorporated its subsidiaries into the overall risk management system of the
Group, explored the construction of effective risk management model for subsidiaries, vigorously deepened
the management mindset of centralized and unified professional risk lines on a look through basis, and
built a professional risk management system. The overall risk management system of the Company ran
effectively, which earnestly guaranteed the continuous and healthy development of various businesses of



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
the Company.

During the Reporting Period, with focuses on business risks management and control and leveraging




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
consolidated statement supervision, the Company comprehensively pushed forward various risk
management tasks in a digital manner. The Company further strengthened risk assessment and control in
key businesses and areas by thoroughly investigating the sources of business risks, and enhanced business
forward-looking analysis and bottom-line control. The Company further strengthened the construction of
cross-border integrated risk management system to provide solid safeguard for the internationalization
of the Group. Furthermore, the Company adhered to technology empowerment, promoted the digital
transformation of risk management to create a systematic, platform-based and integrated risk
management platform at home and abroad and continuously improved capabilities and efficiency on risk
management and control.




                                                                                                                   95
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Risk management structure



                                                                Board of Directors

                                                                                                          Supervisory
                                                                                                          Committee

               Chief Risk Officer                             Senior Management




                                                                       Other
                Risk         Capital    Information     Strategic   Professional        Other         All            All
             Management     Operation   Technology    Development       Risk
                                                                                     Departments   Branches      Subsidiaries
             Department    Department   Department    Department    Management
                                                                    Department




          The risk management organizational structure of the Company covers five major parts: the Board and
          Compliance and Risk Management Committee; Supervisory Committee; the Senior Management and
          Risk Control Committee; Risk Management Department and various professional risk management
          departments; other departments, branches and subsidiaries.

          The Board is ultimately responsible for the overall risk management and is responsible for reviewing and
          approving the basic system relating to the overall risk management of the Company, approving the risk
          appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company, and reviewing periodic risk assessment
          reports of the Company. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee is set up by the Board to
          undertake risk management responsibilities including reviewing and making recommendations on overall
          risk management targets and fundamental policies; evaluating and making recommendations on the risks
          of major decisions which require the Board’s review, as well as the solutions to these risks; reviewing and
          making recommendations on risk assessment reports which require the Board’s review.

          The Supervisory Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising overall risk management,
          supervising and inspecting the Board and the senior management on the performance of their duties of
          risk management, and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorization and approval of the
          Board and the operation objectives of the Company, the senior management is specifically responsible
          for the implementation of risk management and assumes the primary responsibility for overall risk
          management. Upon authorization of the senior management, the Risk Control Committee under the senior
          management is mainly responsible for the decision-making on risk management matters in the course of
          operation and authorizing on risk undertakings in various business lines. Chief risk officer of the Company is
          responsible for leading the overall risk management of the Company.

          The Company appoints the risk management department to perform the overall risk management duties
          and take the lead in managing the market risk, credit risk and operational risk of the Company; appoints
          the capital operation department to take the lead in managing the liquidity risk of the Company; appoints
          the information technology department to take the lead in managing the information technology risk
          of the Company; and appoints the strategic development department to take the lead in managing
          the reputation risk of the Company. Other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are
          responsible for the management of various risks in their respective lines, implementing various policies,
          procedures and measures formulated by the Company and various leading professional risk management
          departments, accepting guidance from various leading risk management departments and assigning the




96
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
risk management duties and implementation responsibilities. The audit department incorporates overall
risk management into the audit scope, makes independent and objective review and evaluation on the
adequacy and effectiveness of overall risk management, and is responsible for taking the lead or entrusting
external professional institutions to evaluate the overall risk management system of the Company regularly.

3. Market Risk

Market risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from fluctuations in risk factors, including
stock prices, interest rates, exchange rates and commodities.

The Company adhered to the concept of creating value through transactions, controlling risks through

                                                                                                                             About Us
hedging in controlling risk exposures, and managed the market risk of holding assets through various risks
control measures. The Company has built up a unified risk limitation system to control business risks from
various aspects, such as Market Value at Risk (VAR), stop-loss, stress testing, sensitivity, etc. The Company
also established a pressure testing system to identify and prevent various extreme risks and continuously
improve risk response capabilities. In respect of investments in equity securities, the Company continued to
promote investment transformation towards diminishing orientation, and flexibly adjusted hedging positions
according to market changes, while ensuring the downside risks of assets controllable. In respect of fixed-
income securities investment, the Company strictly control duration of credit bond portfolios and effectively



                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
hedged interest rate risk of bond portfolio with interest rate swaps, treasury futures and other interest rate
derivatives. In respect of derivatives business, the Company adopted market neutral strategy for both
OTC derivatives business and market making business for exchange-traded options, and controlled the


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Greeks values (such as Delta, Gamma, Vega, etc.) exposure risks within acceptable limits. In respect of OTC
derivatives business, the Company established management standards such as incorporating targets into
transaction list, performance guarantee ratio of counterparty, the liquidity and concentration of transaction
targets, etc., to effectively prevent market risks and counterparty default risk.



Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the Company




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                                                     Currency: RMB

   Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method; Unit (Ten Thousand Yuan)
                                                  The Company                            The Group

                                               As at the      As at the            As at the           As at the
                                             end of 2021    end of 2020          end of 2021         end of 2020

Equity-sensitive Financial
                                                  15,177            6,711             25,047               14,726
Instruments

Interest-sensitive Financial
                                                  2,298            4,887                2,528              6,498
Instruments




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Commodity-sensitive
                                                    201              153                 294                 236
Financial Instruments

Overall Portfolio Risk Value                      15,803           8,844               26,175              18,691



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Source: Internal statistics of the Company




                                                                                                                     97
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, Sequence Descriptive Statistics of Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the
          Company
                                                                                                               Currency: RMB

             Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method; Unit (Ten Thousand Yuan)
                                                       At the beginning    At the end of     Maximum             Minimum
                                                           of the period      the period         value               value

          The Group                                              17,656           26,175        26,573                11,303

          The Company                                              8,170          15,803         19,892              5,964


          Source: Internal statistics of the Company



          4. Credit risk

          Credit risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from the default of a product or bond
          issuer or counterparty (customer).

          In terms of financing business, during the Reporting Period, the Company’s margin financing and
          securities lending business has, benefited from active market transactions, grown consistently. The
          Company implemented strict customer and target management, continuous dynamic monitoring, timely
          risk resolution and other full-process control measures to control business credit risks and to keep the
          amount to be recovered for the margin financing and securities lending business remained at a low level.
          Meanwhile, during the Reporting Period, the Company researched and established a business risk response
          mechanism for overheating markets, and improved the management system and retrospective inspection
          requirements for various types of differentiated customers and large customers; in addition, the Company
          prudently carried out stock pledge business, and strengthened business risk review to strictly control
          business risk exposure. In terms of bond investment business, the Company has established a unified
          management system for issuers, through which it can achieve aggregate monitoring of the total investment
          of the same issuer in all business units of the Group. Moreover, the Company further improved the bottom-
          line control over credit bond investment in key industries to enhance the monitoring and pre-warning of
          bond positions. In terms of counterparty management, during the Reporting Period, the Company promoted
          the establishment of a unified management system for counterparties by further expanding the coverage
          of the unified management of counterparty credit lines at the Group level, in bid to incorporating all the
          entrusted funds for asset management into the unified management of the Group’s counterparties.

          5. Liquidity risk

          Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in time
          to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and meet the capital requirements for carrying out
          ordinary businesses.

          The Company has always attached importance to liquidity safety, preferred a “sound and safe” liquidity risk
          preference, followed the general principle of comprehensiveness, importance, applicability, effectiveness,
          prudence and foresight, and continued to strengthen the identification, measurement, monitoring and
          control mechanisms of liquidity risks through a management model of centralized management and
          hierarchical prevention and control, to improve the Company’s liquidity risk management capability. On
          the basis of controlling overall liquidity risks, the Company identified potential liquidity risks of all business
          lines by regular analysis of existing liquidity risk and ad-hoc new business assessment and proposed
          targeted control measures. The Company has established a liquidity indicator analysis framework including
          cash flow, and appropriately set risk limits and implemented daily monitoring through the information
          technology system, to improve the monitoring frequency and control level of liquidity risks. At the same
          time, the Company continued to improve the capital planning system by strengthening capital position
          management and establishing a liquidity daytime monitoring system to keep abreast of capital usage
          in business and day-time payment progress in a timely manner, further moving forward the frontline of




98
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
liquidity risk prevention and control. The Company regularly and occasionally conducted special stress tests
on liquidity risks to assess the Company’s liquidity risk tolerance under stress from the perspective of cash
flow and liquidity indicators, and took targeted measures to improve the Company’s liquidity risk resilience.
In order to ensure that liquidity needs can be met in a timely manner under stress, the Company has
established high-quality liquid asset reserve of an appropriate scale based on risk preferences. At the same
time, it has expanded its debt financing channels and quotas from multiple perspectives, and continued
to improve the Company’s emergency financing capabilities. In addition, the Company leveraged the
consolidation supervision to strengthen the subsidiary liquidity risk guidance, in particularly to conduct
vertical management on its Hong Kong subsidiaries with emphasizes on their liquidity management, to
improve the subsidiaries’ response capability to liquidity risks and the Group’s prevention and control of

                                                                                                                        About Us
overall liquidity risks. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net
stable funding ratio (NSFR) continued to remain at a level that can meet regulatory requirements and far
beyond the safety requirements.

6. Operational risks

Operational risk refers to risk on the Company’s losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal
procedures, personnel, system or external events.



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to strengthen the accuracy and precision of
operational risk identification and improved the quality and effectiveness of the Group’s operational
risk control with various channels. The Company, taking horizontal common areas and vertical cross-


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
departmental processes as the starting point, broke down barriers between departments and focused
on the mechanism optimization and improvement driven by mutual problems. The Company analyzed
rules on risk identification in terms of key business and important links, strengthened the reverse proactive
identification of operational risks; carried out cleansing and remodeling of essential data based on
operational risk management tools and further refined control requirements for the three major tools.
Moreover, the Company also continued to improve the risk management mechanism for new businesses,
enhanced its quality control and traceability management, constantly directed subsidiaries to further
improve management mechanism on new businesses from aspects of materials and evaluation content,




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
retrospective management and evaluation template for new businesses; and made efforts to improve
the normalized and standardized management of business continuity to enhance the effectiveness of
disruption prevention and control and emergency response.

7. Compliance risk

Compliance risk refers to exposure to property loss or business reputation loss as a result of bearing
legal responsibility, supervisory measures or disciplinary sanctions imposed on securities companies
due to violation of laws, regulations and standards by operational management or professional conduct
performed by securities companies or their employees.




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve its compliance management system in
terms of system development, working mechanism and staff management, so as to effectively promote the
full coverage of compliance management. The Company was one of the first to promote the construction
of “digital compliance” through various measures, and gradually pursued the independent control of the



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
core compliance system. The Company accelerated the development of stereoscopic compliance, kept up
with innovation trends and regulatory dynamics, and prudently carried out compliance reviews to promote
the stable implementation of new businesses and new products; proactively researched and actively
promoted compliance control of key businesses through compliance assessment, process arrangement,
prompt supervision, and meeting attendance. In addition, the Company also continued to optimize the
management mechanism for ethical conduct of staff to accelerate the construction of industry culture, and
enhanced control on staff investment behavior to promote professional integrity; intensified compliance
inspections based on problems and risks, focused on key businesses and latent risks, and continued to track
and implement rectification status; and improved the group-wide compliance management mechanism,
in particularly its overseas subsidiaries to strengthen compliance communication and control among
members of the Group.




                                                                                                                99
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          8. Information technology risk

          Information technology risk refers to exposure to losses caused by the failure of the information system to
          continuously ensure the stable, efficient and safe operation of transaction and business management in
          terms of business realization, timely response, solving capacity and data security, resulting from technical
          problems or data leakage out of internal or external reasons.

          The business lines and the middle and back office management of the Company are highly depended on
          the information technology system, which has become the key support to the operation of businesses of
          the Company. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to increase investment in information
          technology to improve the management system and process of information technology risks and
          strengthened the investigation and governance for information technology risks, further improving the
          effectiveness of risk management. The Company formulates information system emergency technical plans
          for information system and emergency response procedures for information security incident, and conducts
          regular or irregular assessments and drills. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s information system
          was operated safely and stably. No major information technology risk events occurred.

          9. Reputational risk

          Reputational risk mainly refers to exposure to risks that are detrimental to the normal operation of the
          Company exposed by the negative judgments from relevant media caused by the Company’s operation,
          management and other conducts or external events.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s reputational risk management mechanism was running steadily
          without occurrence of any significant reputational risk events. Focusing on its strategy and key business,
          the Company continued to intensify its monitoring and handling of reputational risks, which created a good
          public sentiment for the Company’s development. At the same time, the Company strengthened group
          management, prior management and internal publicity, further enhancing its awareness on preventing and
          the ability on response to reputational risk.

          10. Model risk

          Model risk refers to the risk of adverse consequence or loss to the Company’s businesses resulting from
          incorrect or inappropriate model design, development or use.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company established risk management policies and mechanisms based
          on the life cycle of model and constantly promoted model risk management and control by approaches
          and measures including model validation, assessment and monitoring. The Company continuously
          developed and improved the model risk management system adaptive to its own business development
          while optimizing risk management system and organizational structure as well as the model’s information
          and data management module function. The Company’s model risk management was operated safely and
          stably. No major model risk events occurred.

          11. Implementation of overall risk management of the Company during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, according to the actual situation of the Company and industrial regulatory
          requirements, the Company continued to improve the overall risk management system and continuously
          deepened the implementation of various requirements on the overall risk management. The Company was
          approved to formally implement the pilot project of consolidated statement supervision, under which, the
          Company, in accordance with regulatory regulations and requirements, continuously carried out various
          tasks to further enhance the Company’s risk management and control capabilities.

          For the full coverage of risks, the Company established and improved a comprehensive risk management
          system of the Group with “high engagement, full coverage and deep penetration” as the core idea, and with
          “collectivization, specialization and platformization” as the main approach. The current risk management
          of the Company has already covered all subsidiaries (domestically and globally), branches and business
          lines for major risk types. The Company established a risk management system for subsidiaries by
          combining centralized management and control and hierarchical authorization, raised clear requirements




100
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
to subsidiaries on issues including the construction of the risk management system, risk management
policies and indicator system, risk management personnel allocation and assessment and risk reports,
and set up differentiated and detailed rules for risk management. The risk management department of
the Company arranged specialized risk management personnel for various business lines and conducted
risk identification, monitoring, assessment, decisions, response and reporting before, during and after
each operation. For managing market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and
information technology risk, the Company has assigned leading management departments for each of
them. The coverage of various professional risk management has reached the level of subsidiaries.

For the surveillance of risks, the Company continued to improve the promptness and effectiveness of risk


                                                                                                                           About Us
surveillance and monitoring. The Company established a multi-level indicator and limitation system for
risk appetite, risk tolerance, professional risk and business risk, and accurately calculated, dynamically
monitored and timely alerted risk indicators with systematic methods. During the Reporting Period, the
Company continuously promoted the system construction relating to risk indicator monitoring functions,
and realized the centralized and unified monitoring on various risk indicators.

For the measurement of risks, the Company realized the measurement on the market, credit and liquidity
risks, and continuously strengthened the risk measurement model management. During the Reporting
Period, the Company regularly carried out evaluation and verification of valuation pricing model and risk



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
measurement model, and continuously perfected the measurement model to improve the accuracy of
measurement results. The Company further strengthened the management of the valuation pricing model
and the risk measurement model to effectively control the model risk.


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
For the analysis of risks, the Company established a multi-level risk reporting system, which clarified
the reporting mechanism and procedure requirements, and further strengthened the depth and
comprehensiveness of risk analysis during the Reporting Period, so as to ensure the timely and effective
transfer of risk information among various levels and departments. The Company set up a relatively
comprehensive pressure testing system. The Company’s pressure test covers capital regulatory indicators,
financial indicators and all risk quotation indicators and has been applied throughout the procedures of
day-to-day risk management. During the Reporting Period, the Company further perfected and enriched




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
the library of stress test scenarios, and strengthened the research on the trigger mechanism of irregular
stress tests, which has been applied to various management decisions of the Company.

For risk response, the Company has, based on risk assessment and alert results, formulated certain
response strategies including risk avoidance, reduction, transfer and tolerance matched with different risk
appetites, and adopted response measures such as asset impairment, risk hedging, capital supplement,
scale adjustment, asset and liability management. At the same time, the Company developed practical
response mechanisms and schemes for various risks, which could ensure the Company has the capability
to react to and resolve various risks it encounters.

The Company provided support and protection for its comprehensive risk management in aspects of
cultivating a culture, developing policies, increasing investment, improving the system and recruiting talents.



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
The Company attached great importance to the construction of risk management culture and strengthened
the promotion of risk management ideas. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to carry out
risk management training and risk management culture publicity activities covering all employees, and



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
further promoted the implementation and optimization of the risk management assessment mechanism
of the Group, giving full play to the guiding role of risk assessment. The Company established a three-
dimensional risk management system at the Board of Directors level, senior management level and
business level, and developed a regular evaluation and revision mechanism for the system, through
which the implementation of the system was included into the risk assessment. The Company attached
great importance to risk management and information technology system construction, and provided
sufficient resources to support and protect the risk management and system improvement. The Company
emphasized the effective combination of risk management and information technology system, and
firmly followed the direction of digital transformation to push forward its establishment of a platform for
risk management technology with group-wide coverage and deep penetration, empowering the risk
management. The Company intensified its efforts in training and engaging risk management personnel,
enabling the risk management personnel of the Company continuously meet regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                  101
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           12. The investment of the Company in compliance risk control during the Reporting Period

           The Company attached great importance to its
                                                                     The investment of the Company in compliance
           compliance operation and risk management by
                                                                     risk control
           continuously enhancing the construction of the                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

           compliance risk control system, optimizing the            80,000
           composition of compliance risk control personnel,
                                                                                                                            64,815.59
           and increasing investment in the construction of                      CAGR
                                                                     60,000
           the compliance risk control system to improve our                     +42.98%
           professional abilities in compliance risk control with                                              45,200.28
                                                                                               38,731.34
           technology as the driving force. The Company’s            40,000
           investments in compliance risk control mainly
                                                                                 22,176.49
           include: investment in compliance risk control
                                                                     20,000
           personnel, the daily operating costs of compliance
           risk control and investment in construction of
           compliance risk control related systems. In 2021,              0
                                                                                    2018         2019            2020          2021
           on Parent Company basis, the total investment in
                                                                              The amount of total investment
           compliance risk control of the Company amounted
                                                                     Source: Regular reports of the Company
           to RMB648,155,900.

           13. The investment of the Company in information technology during the Reporting Period

           The Company has always valued innovation in information technology, adhered to the concept of “return
           to the origin of financial services with technology
           empowerment to achieve the co-creation of                 The investment of the Company in IT
           technology and business” and focused on the                                              Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                    250,000
           target of “client’s success, business innovation,                                                                222,756.04

           operation optimization and employee empowering”
                                                                    200,000     CAGR
           to comprehensively promote the Company’s digital                     +27.10%                        176,478.19

           transformation and strive to creating a leading core                               142,460.61
                                                                    150,000
           technology competitiveness in the forefront of the
                                                                                 108,499.71
           industry. The Company’s investments in information
                                                                    100,000
           technology mainly include: IT capital expenditure,
           daily expenses for operation and maintenance              50,000
           of IT, leasing and depreciation cost of computer
           rooms, circuit leasing cost and remuneration of IT             0
                                                                                    2018         2019            2020         2021
           personnel. In 2021, on Parent Company basis, the
           total investment in information technology of the                  The amount of total investment
                                                                     Source: Regular reports of the Company
           Company amounted to RMB2,227,560,400.


           (VI) Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the
           Company’s dynamic risk control indicators

           1. Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the dynamic risk
           control indicators

           The dynamic risk control index monitoring and replenishment mechanism is one of the important measures
           for the Company to control risks. During the Reporting Period, the Company solidly pushed forward
           the monitoring and pre-warning of various risk control indicators, continuously improved the dynamic
           monitoring mechanism for risk control indicators mainly based on net capital and liquidity and assigned
           full-time operators to conduct daily monitoring, duly report and handle various abnormalities; with stricter
           corporate monitoring standards as the monitoring threshold, formed a three-stage risk control indicator
           monitoring standard based on the regulatory standards and pre-warning standards for dynamic risk




102
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
control indicators specified by the CSRC, to launch corresponding reporting route and response plan
according to different pre-warning level and ensure that the net capital, liquidity and other risk control
indicators always comply with the regulatory requirements; constantly optimized the function of the net
capital and liquidity dynamic monitoring system to ensure that the dynamic monitoring system can
effectively support the monitoring of the Company’s net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators.

The Company has established a dynamic complementary mechanism for net capital and liquidity. The
Company’s complementary pathways of net capital include but not limited to capital fund raising for
increase in capital and share, issuance of subordinated bonds, compression of highly-risky investment
types and scale, and reduction or suspension of profit distribution, etc. The Company’s complementary


                                                                                                                               About Us
pathways of liquidity include but not limited to external financing (interbank borrowing, bond repurchase,
corporate bond, short-term corporate bond, subordinated debt, short-term financing bill, income receipts,
refinancing integrated fund, gold lease, etc.), realization of part of the liquid reserve, control or adjustment of
business scale, etc.

2. Conditions of risk control indicators triggering the pre-warning criteria or not conforming to
the required standards, and corrective measures adopted and rectification effects during the
Reporting Period



                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted prospective estimation or pressure tests of risk control
indicators for profit distribution, capital increase in and guarantee provision to subsidiaries, engagement
in new businesses and other major events. The above-mentioned matters were implemented under the

                                                                                                                             and Strategies
condition that the analysis and test results meet the regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period,
main risk control indicators of the Company were all in line with the regulatory requirements, and there were
no such circumstances where the risk control indicators violated the pre-warning standards or were not in
compliance with the provided standards.



IV. THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES IN THE COMPANY ’S FAILURE



                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
TO MAKE DISCLOSURE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STANDARDS DUE
TO INAPPLICABILITY OF THE STANDARDS REQUIREMENTS OR SPECIAL
REASONS INCLUDING NATIONAL SECRETS AND TRADE SECRETS AND
THE EXPLANATIONS OF REASONS THEREOF


V. OTHER DISCLOSURES



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
(I) Share capital

For the Company’s share capital for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the details of changes therein,




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
please refer to “Changes in Shares and Shareholders” in this report.

(II) Arrangement of pre-emptive rights

According to the provisions of the PRC laws and the Articles of Association, none of the shareholders of the
Company has any pre-emptive rights.

(III) Repurchase of shares by the Company

In active response to the policies of the national government and regulatory authorities, according to the
requirements of relevant laws, regulation and normative documents and based on the confidence in the
sustainable and steady development of the Company in the future and the reasonable judgment on the
stock value of the Company, the Company repurchased A shares from the secondary market as source of




                                                                                                                      103
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           shares for the restricted share incentive scheme in an effort to enhance investors’ confidence, safeguard
           shareholders’ rights and interests, and at the same time, deepen the mixed-ownership reform, establish a
           market-oriented mechanism for benefits and risks sharing with employees, and further stimulate the vitality
           of the Company. For the repurchase of shares by the Company, please refer to “Changes in Shares and
           Shareholders” and “Specific Implementation of Share Repurchase in the Reporting Period” in this report.

           (IV) Sufficient public float

           As at the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report, based on the information available
           to the public and as far as the Directors are aware of, the Directors believe that the Company’s public float
           satisfies the requirements for minimum public float under Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

           (V) Directors’ interests in competing business with the Company

           None of the Directors of the Company has any interest in business that competes or is likely to compete,
           either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Company.

           (VI) Service contracts of Directors and Supervisors

           According to rules 19A.54 and 19A.55 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has entered into a
           contract with each of the Directors and Supervisors in respect of (among other matters) compliance of
           relevant laws and regulations, as well as the Articles of Association and provisions on arbitration. Save as
           disclosed above, none of the Directors or Supervisors of the Company has entered into or is proposed to
           enter into any service contracts with the Company in their respective capacities as Directors/Supervisors
           (other than contracts expiring or terminable by the employers within one year without the payment of
           compensation other than statutory compensation).

           (VII) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in material contracts, transactions or
           arrangements

           During the Reporting Period, the Directors or Supervisors of the Company or entities that are connected to
           them did not have material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any material contract, transaction or
           arrangement entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.

           (VIII) Permitted indemnity provision–liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors
           and senior management

           As authorized in 2014 annual general meeting, the Company has provided liability insurance for Directors,
           Supervisors, senior management, and other relevant competent persons. Appropriate insurance coverage
           has been arranged for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company against potential
           legal actions and liabilities that arise from performing their duties to reasonably avoid management and
           legal risks faced by Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to promote the full
           discharge of duties by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

           (IX) Profile of Directors, Supervisors and senior management

           For profiles of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company, please refer to “Primary work
           experience” under “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned Directors,
           Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” in “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
           Management” in the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.

           (X) Remuneration policy

           For the remuneration and share incentive scheme of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
           Company, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
           Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” and “Remuneration of the
           Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in




104
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.

(XI) Share option scheme

The Company did not establish any share option scheme.

(XII) Major customers and suppliers

The Group provides services to a wide range of institutional and individual clients across various sectors. The
Group’s clients range from retail customers, wealth clients, high-net-worth individuals, institutional clients to
corporate clients, who are primarily located in China. The successful listing in Hong Kong and London and

                                                                                                                             About Us
smooth implementation of its deployment strategies in the international market will facilitate the Group in
carrying out its overseas operations, exploring customer resources and boosting for further development of
the Group’s businesses. In 2021, the revenue attributable to the five largest clients of the Group accounted
for less than 30% of the total operating revenue of the Group.

The Group has no major supplier due to the nature of its business

(XIII) Relationship with employees, customers, suppliers and persons with important
relationships

                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
For details of the employees’ remuneration and training plans of the Company, please refer to “Remuneration
policy” and “Training programs” under “Information about the Staff of the Parent Company and Major

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period” in the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.
For the relationship between the Company and its major customers and suppliers, please refer to “Major
customers and suppliers” under “Other Disclosures” in the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(XIV) Business review

For analysis of business using key financial performance indicators, please refer to “Company Profile and




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Key Financial Indicators” of this report.

(XV) Corporate governance

For the corporate governance condition of the Company, please refer to “Corporate Governance” of this
report.

(XVI)Tax relief

1. Shareholders of A Shares




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy
for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關 於 上 市 公 司 股 息 紅 利 差 別 化 個 人
所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2015] 101 號 )) and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of
Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012]



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
No. 85) (《關於實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2012] 85 號 )) jointly issued
by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for individual shareholders of
the Company, if the term of shareholding (a period from the date when the individual acquires the listed
shares on public offering and transferring markets to the date one day before the shares are transferred
and settled) is within one month (inclusive), all the dividend and bonus incomes thereof are counted as
taxable income at the effective tax rate of 20%; if the term of shareholding is between one month and one
year (inclusive), temporarily, 50% of the dividend and bonus incomes are counted as taxable income at the
effective tax rate of 10%; if the term of shareholding exceeds one year, temporarily, the dividend and bonus
incomes are exempted from individual income taxes. When dividends and bonus incomes are distributed
by a listed company, such company, temporarily, shall not withhold or pay any individual income taxes
on behalf of the individuals whose term of shareholding is within one year (inclusive); instead, the taxable
incomes shall be calculated by a securities registration and settlement company based on the term of




                                                                                                                    105
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           shareholding when the individual transfers those shares and the Company shall withhold and pay the taxes
           through the securities registration and settlement company. For dividend and bonus incomes obtained by
           securities investment funds from listed companies, the individual income taxes thereof are calculated and
           levied pursuant to the provisions in the document of Cai Shui [2012] No. 85.

           For QFII, according to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Withholding and Payment of
           Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the
           QFII (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47) (《關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問
           題的通知》( 國稅函 [2009] 47 號 )) issued by State Administration of Taxation, the listed company withholds
           and pays corporate income taxes at a uniform tax rate of 10%. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained
           by QFII shareholders are entitled to the treatment as stipulated in tax treaties (arrangements), application
           for tax refund can be submitted to the governing tax authority after the acquisition of such dividends and
           bonuses according to regulations.

           According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
           Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014] 81 號 ))
           issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus
           incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) on Hong Kong market from investing
           in A Shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the implementation of differentiated taxation is suspended
           before Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited meets the conditions to provide CSDC with the
           investors’ identifications, terms of shareholding and other specific data. The listed company withholds
           and pays the income taxes at the tax rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the governing taxation
           authority. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered a tax treaty
           with the PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the enterprises or
           individuals can, by themselves or entrust a withholding agent to apply to the governing tax authorities of
           the listed company for the treatment as stipulated in such tax treaties. The governing tax authorities shall
           refund the taxes according to the discrepancy between the levied taxes and taxes payable based on the
           rate specified in the tax treaty after verifying and approving the application.

           For the qualified investors who invest in the GDR issued by the Company on London Stock Exchange and
           comply with the relevant domestic and foreign regulatory rules (GDR Investors), according to the Corporate
           Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and other relevant tax regulations, the Company
           shall withhold and pay income taxes at a tax rate of 10%. Citibank and National Association, as the nominal
           holders of domestic basic A Shares corresponding to GDR, receive the cash dividends distributed by the
           Company. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained by GDR Investors are entitled to the treatment as
           stipulated in relevant tax treaties (arrangements), applications can be submitted to the governing tax
           authority according to regulations.

           For other institutional investors, the taxes on their dividends and bonus incomes shall be paid on their own.

           2. Shareholders of H Shares

           According to the provisions in the Notice by the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Regarding the
           Administration of Individual Income Tax Collection after the Annulment of Document Guo Shui Fa [1993] No.
           045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發 [1993] 045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題
           的 通 知 》( 國 稅 函 [2011] 348 號 )), for the dividend and bonus incomes acquired by individual shareholders
           as overseas residents from the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-foreign investment
           enterprises, the withholding agent shall legally withhold and pay the individual income taxes according
           to item “interest, dividend and bonus income”. For the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-
           foreign investment enterprises, the individual shareholders as overseas residents can enjoy relevant tax
           preferences according to the provisions in the tax treaty signed by the country to which the resident identity
           belongs and the PRC and in the tax arrangements between Mainland China and Hong Kong (Macao).
           According to relevant tax treaties and tax arrangements, the tax rates for dividends are normally 10%. To
           simplify administration of tax collection, when the domestic non-foreign investment enterprises issuing
           shares in Hong Kong distribute dividends and bonuses, the individual income taxes are generally withheld
           at the tax rate of 10% without application. If the dividend tax rate is not 10%, individual income taxes shall be
           withheld as per the following provisions: (1) for residents subject to tax rate below 10% pursuant to relevant
           treaties, the withholding agent can apply related treatment under such treaties on behalf of the residents




106
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
and the governing tax authority will refund the additional tax payments after approving the application;
(2) for residents subject to tax rate over 10% but lower than 20% pursuant to relevant treaties, when the
withholding agent distributes dividend and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at
the actual tax rate specified in the treaties and application for approval is not necessary; (3) for residents
from the country which did not enter into any tax treaty with the PRC and other situations, when the
withholding agent distributes dividend and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at
the tax rate of 20%.

According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues regarding Withholding of Enterprise Income Taxes when
PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends to Overseas Non-resident Enterprise shareholders of H Shares
(Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《關於中國居民企業向境外 H 股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關

                                                                                                                          About Us
問題的通知》( 國稅函 [2008] 897 號 )) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, when Chinese resident
enterprises distribute annual dividends to overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders of H Shares for
2008 and subsequent years, the corporate income tax shall be withheld and paid at the uniform tax rate of
10%.

According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) ( 關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知 ( 財稅 [2014] 81 號 ))
issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends and bonuses
acquired by Mainland individual investors by investing in listed H Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall withhold the individual income
tax at a tax rate of 20%. For dividends and bonuses acquired from Mainland securities investment funds
by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect,

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
the individual income tax shall be levied as per above regulations. For dividends and bonuses acquired by
Mainland enterprise investors by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-
Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall not withhold any income taxes on the dividends
and bonuses, and such income tax shall be declared and paid by the enterprises on their own. Meanwhile,
for the dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland resident enterprises for continuous holding of H Shares
for 12 months, the corporate income tax shall be exempted according to laws.

According to the current practices of Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax shall be levied for




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
dividends distributed by the Company in Hong Kong.

The shareholders of the Company shall pay relevant taxes and/or be entitled to tax reliefs according to the
above provisions.

(XVII) Environmental policies and performance of the Company

For the environmental policies and performance of the Company, please refer to “Environment and Social
Responsibility” in this report.

(XVIII) Compliance with relevant laws and regulations



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
As a public company listed at home and abroad, the Company abides, in a strict manner, by the
requirements of the laws, regulations and normative documents of domestic and foreign places where
the Company is listed including the Company Law, Securities Law, Regulation on the Supervision and
Administration of Securities Companies, Rules for Governance of Securities Companies, Code of Corporate



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Governance for Listed Companies in China, Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance
Report in Appendix 14 of Hong Kong Listing Rules and the Articles of Association. The Company established
and perfected its rules and regulations to standardize the operation of the Company, and devoted itself
to maintaining and improving its sound market image. Please refer to “Suspected Violations of Laws and
Regulations by, Punishment on and Rectification of the Company and its Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management, Controlling Shareholders and de facto Controllers” in the section headed “Major Events” in this
report for the punishment and public denouncement received by the Company during the Reporting Period.

(XIX) Reserves and distributable reserves

Please refer to the consolidated statements of changes in equity and Note 54 to the financial statements of
this report for changes in reserves and distributable reserves.




                                                                                                                 107
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           (XX) Property and equipment and investment properties

           Changes in properties and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the year are set out
           separately in Notes 20 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements. As at December 31, 2021, the Group
           did not own any investment properties or properties for development and/or for sale with one or more ratio
           (as defined in the Rule 14.04(9) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) over 5%.

           (XXI) Management contracts

           No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
           business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2021.

           (XXII) Donations

           The Company actively performed its social responsibilities in 2021 by investing a total of RMB46,001,600 (2020:
           RMB32,408,100) in public activities including public service advertising and charitable contribution.

           (XXIII) Five-year financial highlight

           For the highlight of operating results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five financial years, please
           refer to “Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years” under “Key Accounting Data
           and Financial Indicators” in the section headed “Company Profile and Key Financial Indicators” in this report.
           This summary does not constitute a part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

           (XXIV) Auditors

           1. Upon approval by the Company’s 2018 Annual General Meeting held on June 26, 2019, the Company
           employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries
           for the 2019 annual financial statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report and internal
           control audit report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute of the Company’s H Share to issue H
           Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB5.50 million. In 2019, KPMG Huazhen LLP issued
           a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in
           accordance with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants
           Cheng Hailiang and Qian Ruwen signed the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report
           on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial
           Reporting Standards. Certified public accountant Pang Shing Chor Eric signed the report.

           2. Upon approval by the Company’s 2019 Annual General Meeting held on June 18, 2020, the Company
           employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for
           the 2020 annual financial statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit
           report and GDR audit report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares
           to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB6.00 million. In 2020, KPMG Huazhen LLP
           issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company
           in accordance with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants
           Cheng Hailiang and Qian Ruwen signed the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report
           on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial
           Reporting Standards. Certified public accountant Lee Lok Man signed the report.

           3. Upon approval by the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting held on June 22, 2021, the Company
           employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for
           the 2021 annual financial statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit
           report and GDR audit report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares
           to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB6.00 million (of which the internal
           control audit fee was capped at RMB0.50 million). In 2021, KPMG Huazhen LLP issued a standard unqualified
           opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China
           Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Cheng Hailiang and Qian
           Ruwen signed




108
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared
by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified public
accountant Lee Lok Man signed the report.

4. Upon approval by the Company’s twenty-first meeting of the fifth session of the Board of Directors held on
March 30, 2022, the Company proposed to employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2022 annual financial
statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit
report; and employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to
issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was RMB4.20 million (of which the internal control audit fee
was RMB0.35 million). This issue is yet to be approved at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

There has been no change in auditor of the Company in any of the past three years.                                           About Us

(XXV) Auditor’s remuneration

For auditor’s audit service fee during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Auditors” under “Other Disclosures”
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

During the Reporting Period, the Company employed KPMG Huazhen LLP to provide non-auditing services,
such as agreed procedures and advisory service, and the fees for such non-auditing services were RMB1.63


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
million.




                                                                                                                           and Strategies
(XXVI) Review of Annual Results

This annual financial report has been audited. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors has
reviewed the Company’s audited annual financial statement and annual report as of December 31, 2021,
and did not raise any objections to the accounting policy and convention adopted by the Company.

(XXVII) Publication of the Annual Report

This annual report will be released on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and the HKEXnews website




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
(www.hkexnews.hk).

The 2021 annual report of the Company which contains all the information required by the Hong Kong Listing
Rules will be sent to shareholders and published on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and the
HKEXnews website (www.hkexnews.hk).



                                                                                          By order of the Board
                                                                                                     Zhang Wei
                                                                                                      Chairman
                                                                                                 March 30, 2022



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                    109
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CORPORATE
          GOVERNANCE




          I. DESCRIPTION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          As a public company listed in both domestic and overseas, the Company has been operating business
          in a standard manner and in strict compliance with the requirements set forth in the laws, regulations
          and regulatory documents of the PRC and the overseas jurisdiction where the shares of the Company
          are listed, and has made continuous efforts to maintain and enhance the good image of the Company
          in the market. The Company keeps improving its corporate governance structure, compliance risk control
          and internal control system according to the requirements under the Company Law, the Securities Law,
          the Regulations on Supervision and Management of Securities Companies, the Rules for Governance of
          Securities Companies, the Rules for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies, the Corporate Governance
          Code and Corporate Governance Report (the relevant code is set out on https://en-rules.hkex.com.hk/
          sites/default/files/net_file_store/new_rulebooks/h/k/HKEX4476_3828_VER10.pdf) as set out in Appendix 14
          to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association,
          in order to establish a modern corporate system, and shape a corporate governance structure where
          checks and balances among the general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the operation
          management are maintained, with each of them being separated from the other and performing its own
          functions and responsibilities corresponding to its position within the specified terms of reference, thereby
          ensuring all the operational activities of the Company are carried out smoothly and in accordance with
          relevant laws and regulations.

          (I) Corporate governance

          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted its operations and management in a standard
          and orderly manner. Various rules and regulations have been formulated and continuously refined in
          strict compliance with the requirements of laws, regulations and regulatory documents to regulate
          the Company’s operations. During the Reporting Period, to further improve corporate governance, the
          Company amended and improved the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings in accordance with the
          Securities Law (《 證 券 法 》), the Reply of the State Council on the Adjustment of the Provisions Applicable
          to the Notice Period of Convening General Meetings of Shareholders and Other Matters Applicable to the
          Companies Listed Abroad (《國務院關於調整適用在境外上市公司召開股東大會通知期限等事項規定的批覆》), Code
          of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies (《上市公司治理準則》), Guidelines for Articles of Association
          of Listed Companies (《 上 市 公 司 章 程 指 引 》), Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock
          Exchange (《上海證券交易所股票上市規則》) and other relevant laws, regulations, regulatory documents and
          the Articles of Association and in light of the Company’s actual condition, which was considered and




112
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
approved at the general meeting of the Company. In addition, during the Reporting Period, as considered
and approved by the Board and at the general meeting and according to the election at the congress of
workers and staff of the Company, the Company adjusted the members of the fifth session of the Board, the
Supervisory Committee and the special committees of the Board to fully display professional advantages
and improve the decision-making efficiency and level. Through the establishment and improvement as well
as the full implementation of the above systems, the Company’s governance structure and level have been
continuously standardized and improved.

The convening, holding and voting procedures of the general meeting, the Board of Directors and the
Supervisory Committee of the Company were standard, legal and valid, and the Company disclosed


                                                                                                                           About Us
truthful and accurate information in a complete, timely and fair manner. The Company carried out investor
relationship management in a standard and professional manner, and carried out inside information
management and registration of insiders in strict compliance with the requirements of the System
regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality of the Company and other relevant
rules. The Company adhered to the principle of scientificity, standardization and transparency when
practicing corporate governance. During the Reporting Period, the Company was once again rated Class
A Level AA in the assessment of securities firms conducted by the CSRC in 2021, was rated as the highest
level A in the 2020-2021 information disclosure evaluation of listed companies organized by the Shanghai
Stock Exchange, and won the Best Practice Case Award in the 2021 Best Practice Case for Board Office of


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Public Companies organized by China Association for Public Companies. In addition, with its outstanding
performance in environmental, social and corporate governance, the Company’s MSCI ESG rating in 2021


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
jumped from BBB to A, achieving an improvement for three consecutive years, currently the highest rating
for a domestic securities company and the first A rating in the domestic securities industry.

1. Shareholders and the General Meeting

The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely. The largest
shareholder and the de facto controller of the Company exercised their rights in accordance with the laws,
regulations and the Articles of Association, and neither directly or indirectly intervened in the decisions and
operations of the Company beyond the general meeting nor appropriated any fund of the Company or
requested the Company to provide any external guarantee. The Company was completely independent
from its largest shareholder and de facto controller in terms of staff, assets, finance, organization and
business.

2. Directors and the Board

The election and change of Directors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The number



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
and composition of the Board conformed to the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The
Board has continuously improved its rules of procedures. All the Board meetings were duly convened and
held, and all voting procedures at the meetings were legal and valid. The Company has established the



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Working System for Independent Directors, and all the independent Directors have independently and
objectively worked to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders, and
played a role of check and balance in the decision-making process of the Board. All Directors performed
their respective responsibilities with due diligence in accordance with relevant requirements, and worked to
protect the interests of the Company and all shareholders.

There is no financial, business, family or other significant/related relationship between the Directors,
Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

The Company believes that the increasing diversity of the Board is one of the key factors that help support
its strategic objectives and maintain sustainable development. Therefore, the Company should, when
determining the composition of the Board, consider the diversity of Board members in several aspects,




                                                                                                                  113
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          including but not limited to gender, age, cultural, educational background, professional experience, skills,
          knowledge and popularity in service. The determination of the members should be based on the value of
          the candidates and the contribution that they could make to the Board. All nominations of the Board should
          be in the principle of “merit-based”. When the candidates are selected, the benefits from the diversity
          of Board members should be taken into full consideration according to their objective conditions. The
          Nomination Committee will report annually on the diversified composition of the Board in the annual report,
          inspect the implementation of the abovementioned policy on diversification of Board members and review
          such policy in due course so as to ensure its effectiveness.

          In 2019, the Company set up the fifth session of the Board of Directors, with members including strategic
          Shareholder representatives introduced through the non-public issuance of A Shares, forming a Board with
          diversified composition and complementary advantages.



          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board of the Company is as follows:

          By age group               5 persons                    3 persons             3 persons         2 persons
                                Aged 50 and below                aged 51-55             aged 56-60        aged over 60

          By category      3 persons                    5 persons                             5 persons
          of Directors Executive Directors       non-executive Directors         independent non-executive Directors

          By gender          3 persons                                     10 persons
                          Female Directors                             male directors

          Professional background: Finance, economics, accounting, laws, business administration, economic
          management, enterprise management, public administration, electronic communication, monetary
          banking, etc.



          3. Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

          The election and change of the Supervisors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The
          number and composition of the Supervisory Committee conformed to the requirements of the relevant
          laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee has continuously improved its rules of procedure. All the
          meetings of the Supervisory Committee were duly convened and held, and all voting procedures at the
          meetings were legal and valid. The Supervisory Committee is responsible to the general meeting. Based on
          the principle of being responsible to all shareholders, the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the
          legality and compliance of the Company’s finance and the performance of duties by the Board and the
          management of the Company. All Supervisors diligently performed their duties, attended all meetings of the
          Supervisory Committee and sat in the meetings of the Board as non-voting delegates, made reports to the
          general meeting and submitted its work report.

          4. Senior Management of the Company

          The election and change of the senior management were in strict compliance with the Articles of
          Association. The procedures for appointment of senior management complied with the Company Law
          and the Articles of Association. The Company has formulated the Terms of Reference of the CEO and
          the Executive Committee and the Terms of Reference of the Secretary to the Board and other rules and
          regulations. The senior management of the Company conducted operations and performed their duties
          legally and diligently in accordance with the laws, regulations and authorizations of the Board, in order to
          maximize shareholders’ benefits and social benefits.

          5. Information Disclosure and Transparency of the Company

          The Company disclosed information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner in strict
          compliance with the requirements of laws, rules and relevant regulations, and ensured that all shareholders




114
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
had an equal access to the relevant information of the Company, thereby ensuring the transparency of
the Company. The Company strengthened the management of inside information, worked to ensure the
confidentiality of inside information, and safeguarded the principle of fairness in information disclosure
in strict compliance with the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
of the Company. The Board designated the secretary to the Board to be responsible for the Company’s
information disclosure, and the Office of the Board also assisted the secretary in information disclosure.
Meanwhile, the Company also arranged dedicated personnel to answer telephone enquiries of investors
and questions from investors via e-mails and the SSE interactive E-platform, actively interacted with
institutional investors during their on-site surveys, and set up maintained an investor relations section on the
Company’s website.

6. Stakeholders                                                                                                             About Us

The Company gave full respects to the shareholders, customers, staff and other stakeholders and
protected their legitimate rights and interests from the perspective of system building and in each link of
business operation, ensured the development of the Company in a sustainable, harmonious, healthy and
standard way, in order to achieve all-win results for the Company and all stakeholders, thus maximizing the
Company’s profits and social benefits.



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, according to the requirements of the regulatory departments, the Company
further improved its organizational structure, institutional building and strengthened management of inside
information, and ensured that the actual status of the corporate governance of the Company complied with


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
the requirements of the regulatory documents published by the CSRC regarding the corporate governance
of listed companies. Meanwhile, the Company strictly complied with all the code provisions as set out in the
Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report, and met most of the recommended best
practices in the Corporate Governance Code.

(II) Formulation and Implementation of Insider Registration and Management
System




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The Company formulated the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
in April 2010 in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, regulatory documents
and the Articles of Association and in light of the actual situation of the Company, which was considered
and approved at the seventeenth meeting of the first session of the Board, in order to strengthen the
management of inside information, maintain the confidentiality of inside information, ensure fair information
disclosure and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors.

In December 2011, according to the Provisions on the Establishment of an Insider Registration and
Management System by Listed Companies (CSRC Announcement [2011] No. 30) (《關於上市公司建立內幕信
息知情人登記管理制度的規定》( 證監會公告 [2011] 30 號 )) by the CSRC, the Circular on Filing Records of Insiders
by Listed Companies (Shang Zheng Gong Han [2011] No. 1501) (《關 於 做 好 上 市 公 司 內 幕 信 息 知 情 人 檔 案 報 送



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
工 作 的 通 知 》( 上 證 公 函 [2011] 1501 號 )) by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant requirements
issued by regulators, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
second session of the Board.

In March 2015, in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing of the H Shares
of the Company, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the
third session of the Board.

In March 2019, for consistency with the Articles of Association, the Company made amendments to the
System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, which was considered and
approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board.

In August 2020, according to relevant requirements of the revised Securities Law, the Guidelines on Insiders
Reporting by Listed Companies of the SSE as well as relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents,




                                                                                                                   115
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the Company made amendments to the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
          Confidentiality, which was considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company made more efforts to maintain the confidentiality of inside
          information, performed its obligation of insider registration, management and confidentiality diligently, kept
          records of the names of insiders who had accessed to the inside information at the stage of negotiation,
          planning, demonstration and consultation and contracting as well as in the processes of reporting, delivery,
          preparation, auditing, resolution and disclosing before its final disclosure in strict compliance with the
          requirements of System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, and kept
          records of information relating to insiders and memos of progress of major events, in order to effectively
          prevent insider dealing and properly carry out information disclosure.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company organized internal investigation into the dealing of shares and
          derivatives of the Company by insiders, and found that none of the holders of inside information had made
          use of inside information in share transactions before any significant-price-sensitive-nature information
          disclosure that may affect the share price of the Company, and the Company has not received any
          punishment or administrative measure imposed by regulatory departments due to the implementation of
          the Insider Registration and Management System or the possible involvement in insider dealing.

          (III) Corporate Governance Policies and the Board’s Responsibilities for Corporate
          Governance

          The Company has been in strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and followed all the principles
          in the Corporate Governance Code and the Corporate Governance Report to be its own corporate
          governance policies. In respect of the corporate governance function, the terms of reference of the Board
          shall at least include:

          (1) to formulate and review the corporate governance policies and practices of the Company;

          (2) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and the
          senior management;

          (3) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with laws and regulatory
          requirements;

          (4) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
          monitor employees and Directors;

          (5) to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
          Corporate Governance Report.

          (IV) Securities Transactions by Directors, Supervisors and Employees

          During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
          of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities
          transactions of the Company by all Directors and Supervisors. According to the domestic regulatory
          requirements, the Company convened the thirteenth meeting of the third session of the Board on November
          25, 2014 to consider and approve the Administrative System regarding the Shares of the Company Held
          by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management (the “Administrative System”) in order to regulate the
          holding and dealing in the shares of the Company by Directors, Supervisors and senior management. On
          March 6, 2015, the Company made amendments to the Administrative System in order to meet the relevant
          regulatory requirements regarding the listing of the H Shares of the Company, which were considered and
          approved at the sixteenth meeting of the third session of the Board. The compulsory provisions contained
          in the Administrative System are stricter than those under the Model Code. Having made all enquiries with
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management, the Company confirmed that all Directors, Supervisors
          and senior management had strictly complied with the relevant requirements under the Administrative
          System and Model Code during the Reporting Period. The Board of the Company will, from time to time,
          carry out inspection on corporate governance and operation of the Company, in order to ensure the




116
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
relevant provisions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules were well observed and to protect the interests of the
shareholders. Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” under “Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management” under “Corporate Governance” in this report for details of the shareholding of the
Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.



II. SPECIFIC MEASURES TAKEN BY THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS OF THE COMPANY TO ENSURE THE
                                                                                                                         About Us
INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY IN TERMS OF ASSETS, PERSONNEL,
FINANCE, ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS, AND THE SOLUTIONS, WORK
PROGRESS AND FOLLOW-UP WORK PLANS THAT INFLUENCE THE
INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY

The shareholding structure of the Company is relatively decentralized without controlling shareholders. The



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
de facto controller of the Company is Jiangsu SASAC. Since its inception, the Company has been operating
in strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations including the Company Law and the Securities
Law as well as the requirements of the Articles of Association. The Company is completely separated from


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
its shareholders in respect of business, staff, assets, organization and finance, owns a complete business
system and is capable of operating independently in the market.

1. Information about the independence of business

In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the Company
conducts business on its own pursuant to the law within the operating scope approved by the CSRC, and
has obtained various business materials required for securities business operation with an independent




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
and complete business system and the ability of self-operation. Its business operation is not controlled or
affected by its shareholders or related parties. The Company can compete in the market independently.
Shareholders and related parties of the Company did not breach the Company’s working procedures or
intervene in the Company’s internal management or the making of its operational decisions.

2. Information about the independence of the staff

The Company set up a dedicated human resources department, and established independent and
complete systems for labor employment, personnel management, salary management and social security.
The Directors, Supervisors, and senior management of the Company were selected and employed in
compliance with relevant requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, and the Measures for




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
the Supervision and Administration of the Professional Qualifications of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management of Securities Firms and the Articles of Association. The current Directors, Supervisors and senior
management of the Company meet the corresponding qualifications. The senior management of the
Company held no positions in its largest shareholder and de facto controller and other enterprises under its



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
control. The Company adopts an appointment system for the senior management, a labor contract system
for all staff, and enters into Labor Contract with all the staff in accordance with the law. The Company owns
independent rights for labor employment and its staff is independent from the shareholders and enterprises
under their control without any interference from the shareholders.

3. Information about the integrity of the assets

The Company owns main business qualifications, land, real estate, vehicles and other operating equipment
required for business operation. The above assets are subject to no mortgage, pledge or other guarantees,
and the Company is the legal owner of these assets. The assets of the Company are independent from its
largest shareholder and other shareholders. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided




                                                                                                                117
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          no guarantees for the debts of any of its shareholders and their subsidiaries by using its assets or reputation
          as the collateral. The Company had full control and use right over its assets, and there had been no
          circumstance under which the interests of the Company were damaged due to the largest shareholder’s
          occupation of any of its assets and funds.

          4. Information about organizational independence

          In strict compliance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the
          Company has set up a sound corporate governance structure, under which the general meeting, the
          Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, the management and relevant operating management
          departments have been formed. The general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee
          and the management are in good operation and exercise their respective functions and powers pursuant
          to the law. The Company owns an independent and complete system for securities business operation
          and management, and conducts business on its own. The organizations are set up and run in compliance
          with the relevant requirements of the CSRC. The existing offices and premises of the Company are totally
          separate from its shareholders without the circumstances of sharing organizations with them or their direct
          intervention in the Company’s business activities.

          5. Information about financial independence

          As required by the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the Financial Systems of Securities
          Firms, the Company has established an independent financial accounting and management system, set
          up an independent accounting department, and employed independent financial accountants. The chief
          financial officer and financial personnel of the Company held no positions in its shareholders. The Company
          has opened an independent bank account, applied for an independent tax registration and paid taxes in
          accordance with laws and regulations. The Company shared no accounts and taxes with its shareholders
          and related parties.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided no guarantees for its shareholders and other
          related parties. During the Reporting Period, the Company experienced no peer competition and related-
          party transactions resulted from shareholding reform, features of the industry and national policies or
          mergers and acquisitions.

          CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS, DE FACTO CONTROLLERS AND OTHER UNITS UNDER THEIR CONTROL
          ENGAGED IN SAME OR SIMILAR BUSINESSES AS THE COMPANY AND IMPACTS OF HORIZONTAL
          COMPETITIONS OR SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN HORIZONTAL COMPETITIONS ON THE COMPANY,
          SOLUTIONS ADOPTED, SOLVING PROGRESS AND SUBSEQUENT SOLUTIONS:

          In July 2010 and with the approval of the People’s Government of Jiangsu Province, Jiangsu SASAC decided
          to transfer the state-owned equities in Jiangsu Sainty International Group Limited to Guoxin Group, the
          largest shareholder of the Company. Guoxin Group directly and indirectly held 78.5% equities of Jintai
          Futures Co., Ltd. and became the controlling shareholder of Jintai Futures Co., Ltd. Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.
          is principally engaged in commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment
          consultancy and asset management, which has horizontal competition with Huatai Futures, a subsidiary by
          the Company.

          To avoid the abovementioned horizontal competition, on June 10, 2014, the Company organized the
          convening of the sixth meeting of the third session of the Board and the fourth meeting of the third session
          of the Supervisory Committee, which considered and approved the Resolution on Avoiding Horizontal
          Competition in Futures Businesses Between Jiangsu Guoxin and Huatai Securities and submitted to the
          2014 second extraordinary general meeting convened on June 26, 2014 for consideration and approval.
          Meanwhile, the independent Directors of the Company expressed independent opinions on the resolution.
          They believed that such horizontal competition has no significant effect on the operation and development
          of Huatai Securities and the interests of minority shareholders and the resolution is in line with relevant
          regulations of the CSRC and beneficial to the legitimate interests of investors, small and medium investors
          in particular, and meets the requirements of Huatai Securities on maximizing shareholders’ interests.




118
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
On June 27, 2014, Guoxin Group re-signed the Letter of Undertaking on Waiving Horizontal Competition
and Conflict of Interests based on relevant regulations and the requirements of the resolutions at the 2014
second extraordinary general meeting of the Company. For the details of the announcement on the change
of such undertaking, please refer to the announcement (Lin No. 2014-047) on the performance and change
of undertaking by the Company’s shareholder dated June 28, 2014.



III. BRIEF INTRODUCTIONS TO THE GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                                                                                 Date of


                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                                                                                                                 disclosure
                                                                                                                 of
                                                                                       Enquiry index of          the
                                                                                       the websites designated   publication
                Convening                                                              for publication of the    of the
Meeting         date          Resolutions                                              resolutions               resolutions   Status

                              1. To consider and approve the election of Mr. Ke
                              Xiang as a non-executive Director of the fifth session
                              of the Board;
                              2. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                              general mandate for the Company’s domestic and
                              foreign debt financing instruments;



                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                              3. To consider and approve the resolution on
                              amendments to the Rules of Procedures of General
                              Meetings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                              4. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                              Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of         http://www.sse.com.cn                   All resolutions
2021 First
                              Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary;     http://www.hkexnews.hk                  were
Extraordinary   February 8,                                                                                      February 9,
                              5. To consider and approve the resolution on the         http://www.                             considered
General         2021                                                                                             2021
                              Administrative Measures for the Restricted Share         londonstockexchange.com                 and
Meeting
                              Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities        http://www.htsc.com.cn                  approved
                              Co., Ltd.;
                              6. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                              Administrative Measures for the Implementation and
                              Appraisal of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                              of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                              7. To consider and approve the resolution on the




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                              Proposed Grant of Authorization by the General
                              Meeting to the Board to Handle Matters in relation to
                              the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares
                              of the Company.

                              1. To consider and approve the 2020 Work Report of
                              the Board;
                              2. To consider and approve the 2020 Work Report of
                              the Supervisory Committee;
                              3. To consider and approve the 2020 Final Financial
                              Report;
                              4. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                              2020 Annual Report of the Company;
                              5. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                              2020 Profit Distribution of the Company;
                              6. To consider and approve the resolution on the




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                              estimated ordinary transactions with related parties
                              of the Company for 2021;
                              7. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                              estimated investment amount for the proprietary          http://www.sse.com.cn                   All resolutions
2020
                              business of the Company for 2021;                        http://www.hkexnews.hk                  were




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Annual          June 22,                                                                                         June 23,
                              8. To consider and approve the resolution on             http://www.                             considered
General         2021                                                                                             2021
                              the reappointment of the accounting firm of the          londonstockexchange.com                 and
Meeting
                              Company;                                                 http://www.htsc.com.cn                  approved
                              9. To consider and approve the resolution on the
                              election of an independent non-executive Director
                              of the fifth session of the Board of the Company;
                              10. Debriefing of the Work Report of Independent
                              Directors of the Company for 2020;
                              11. Debriefing of the Report on Performance
                              Assessment and Remuneration of the Directors of
                              the Company in 2020;
                              12. Debriefing of the Report on Performance
                              Assessment and Remuneration of the Supervisors of
                              the Company for 2020;
                              13. Debriefing of the Report on Execution of Duty,
                              Performance Assessment and Remuneration of
                              Senior Management of the Company for 2020.




                                                                                                                                                 119
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Description of general meetings
          During the Reporting Period, the Company held two general meetings in total, the details of which were as follows:
          The 2021 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company, with on-site & network voting methods adopted, was held at Renaissance
          Nanjing Olympic Centre Hotel (No. 139, Aoti Street, Jianye District, Nanjing). The general meeting was organized by the Board of Directors and
          hosted by the Chairman – Mr. Zhang Wei. Certain Directors, Supervisors and the secretary to the Board attended the meeting and certain
          senior management of the Company and witnessing lawyers employed by the Company and relevant personnel of Computershare Hong
          Kong Investor Services Limited sat in the meeting. The meeting was convened and held, and its voting method was in conformity with relevant
          regulations such as the Company Law and the Articles of Association and so on. Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the
          general meeting can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://
          www.hkexnews.hk), the website of the London Stock Exchange (http://www.londonstockexchange.com) and our Company’s website (http://www.
          htsc.com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily and Securities Times published on February 9, 2021.
          The 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company, with on-site & network voting methods adopted, was held at Renaissance Nanjing Olympic
          Centre Hotel (No. 139, Aoti Street, Jianye District, Nanjing). The general meeting was organized by the Board of Directors and hosted by the
          Chairman – Mr. Zhang Wei. Certain Directors, Supervisors and the secretary to the Board attended the meeting and certain senior management
          of the Company and witnessing lawyers employed by the Company and relevant personnel of Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
          Limited sat in the meeting. The meeting was convened and held, and its voting method was in conformity with relevant regulations such as the
          Company Law and the Articles of Association and so on. Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the general meeting can be
          found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk),
          the website of the London Stock Exchange (http://www.londonstockexchange.com) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.com.cn) and
          China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily and Securities Times published on June 23, 2021.
          None of the shareholders of the Company are holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered. Therefore, none of the extraordinary
          general meetings was convened by holders of preference shares with voting rights restored, nor was any general meeting proposed to be
          convened, convened or chaired by the holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered during the Reporting Period.




          IV. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

          (I) Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                     Unit: Ten thousand shares Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                          Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                         remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                         received from    received
                                                                                                                                         the Company      remuneration
                                                                                        Number                                              during the    from any
                                                                                       of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                                       Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                Period (RMB    party of the
                                                        Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the Reason       Ten Thousand     Company
          Name        Position (note)      Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year for change           Yuan)    or not

          Zhang Wei Chairman               Male   57    2019-12-16     2022-12-15             –             –            - –                     177.12 No

                      Executive Director                2007-12-06     2022-12-15

                      Chief executive                                                                                        Share
          Zhou Yi                                                                                                                              456.25 No
                      officer, Chairman Male      52                                          -         72.00        72.00
                                                                                                                             incentive
                                                        2019-10-29     2022-12-15
                      of the Executive
                      Committee

                      Non-executive
          Ding Feng                        Male   53    2018-10-22     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – Yes
                      Director

          Chen        Non-executive
                                           Male   47    2018-10-22     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – Yes
          Yongbing    Director

                      Non-executive
          Ke Xiang                         Male   47    2021-02-08     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – Yes
                      Director

                      Non-executive
          Hu Xiao                          Female 42    2018-10-22     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – No
                      Director

                      Non-executive
          Wang Tao                         Male   53    2019-12-16     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – Yes
                      Director

          Zhu Xuebo Executive Director Male       59    2018-10-22     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – Yes

          Chen      Independent non-
                                       Male       64    2016-03-18     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                    24.00 Yes
          Chuanming executive Director

                      Independent non-
          Liu Yan                        Female 48      2016-12-21     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                    24.00 No
                      executive Director




120
                                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                                  Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                 remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                 received from    received
                                                                                                                                 the Company      remuneration
                                                                                Number                                              during the    from any
                                                                               of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                               Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                Period (RMB    party of the
                                                Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the Reason       Ten Thousand     Company
Name          Position (note)      Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year for change           Yuan)    or not

Chen          Independent non-
                                 Male     56    2018-06-13     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                    24.00 Yes
Zhibin        executive Director

Wang          Independent non-
                                 Male     47    2020-06-18 2022-12-15                 –             –            – –                    24.00 No
Jianwen       executive Director


                                                                                                                                                                          About Us
              Independent non-
Au King Chi                      Female 62      2021-06-22     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                     14.00 No
              executive Director

              Employee
              Representative                    2019-04-26 2022-12-15
              Supervisor
Gu
                                   Male   56                                          –             –            – –                   523.07 No
Chengzhong
              Chairman of
              the Supervisory                   2021-10-29     2022-12-15
              Committee

Zhang Ming Supervisor              Male   47    2019-12-16     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – Yes




                                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Yu Lanying Supervisor              Female 50    2018-10-22     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – Yes

Zhang
              Supervisor           Female 54    2019-12-16     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – Yes
Xiaohong



                                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Fan
              Supervisor           Female 45    2019-12-16     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                         – No
Chunyan

          Employee
Wang Ying Representative           Female 42    2019-12-16     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                    377.61 No
          Supervisor

          Employee
Wang Juan Representative           Female 43    2021-10-29     2022-12-15             –             –            – –                    98.20 No
          Supervisor




                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
              Member of
                                                                                                                    Share
Li Shiqian    the Executive        Male   53    2020-03-10     2022-12-15             –        60.00        60.00                      291.60 No
                                                                                                                    incentive
              Committee

              Member of
                                                                                                                    Share
Sun Hanlin    the Executive        Male   56    2019-12-16     2022-12-15             –        60.00        60.00                      366.32 No
                                                                                                                    incentive
              Committee

              Member of
                                                                                                                    Share
Jiang Jian    the Executive        Male   55    2019-12-16     2022-12-15             –        60.00        60.00                      366.32 No
                                                                                                                    incentive
              Committee

              Member of
              the Executive                     2019-12-16     2022-12-15
              Committee                                                                                             Share
Zhang Hui                          Male   46                                          –        60.00        60.00                        411.10 No
                                                                                                                    incentive
              Secretary to the
                                                2017-04-26     2022-12-15




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
              Board of Directors

              Member of
Chen                                                                                                                Share
              the Executive        Male   43    2020-02-18     2022-12-15             –        60.00        60.00                      419.50 No
Tianxiang                                                                                                           incentive
              Committee




                                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Jiao          Chief financial                                                                                       Share
                                   Female 51    2020-03-05 2022-12-15                 –        50.00        50.00                     395.80 No
Xiaoning      officer                                                                                               incentive

              Chief compliance
                                                2020-02-17     2022-12-15
              officer                                                                                               Share
Jiao Kai                           Male   47                                          –        50.00        50.00                       410.12 No
                                                                                                                    incentive
              General legal
                                                2019-12-16     2022-12-15
              counsel

Wang                                                                                                                Share
              Chief risk officer   Male   49    2017-03-16     2022-12-15             –        50.00        50.00                      412.20 No
Chong                                                                                                               incentive

              Non-executive
Xu Qing       Director             Male   49    2016-06-07     2021-02-08             –            –            – –                          – Yes
              (resigned)




                                                                                                                                                                 121
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                           Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                          remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                          received from    received
                                                                                                                                          the Company      remuneration
                                                                                         Number                                              during the    from any
                                                                                        of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                                        Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                Period (RMB    party of the
                                                         Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the Reason       Ten Thousand     Company
          Name         Position (note)    Gender Age     term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year for change           Yuan)    or not

                       Independent non-
          Lee Chi
                       executive Director Male     68    2015-04-30 2021-06-22                 –             –            – –                     12.00 No
          Ming
                       (resigned)

                       Employee
                       Supervisor                        2019-04-26 2021-10-29
                       (resigned)
          Zhai Jun                        Male     47                                          –             –            – –                   484.30 Yes
                       Chairman of
                       the Supervisory
                                                         2020-02-18     2021-10-29
                       Committee
                       (resigned)

          Total        /                  /        /     /              /                      –       522.00       522.00 /                    5,311.51 /



          Notes:
          1. On February 8, 2021, the Resolution in relation to the Election of Mr. Ke Xiang as a Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the
          Company was considered and approved at the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Ke Xiang was
          elected as a non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Ke Xiang has replaced Mr. Xu Qing to serve as a non-
          executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company from February 8, 2021, and his term of office shall be ended at the end of the
          term of the current session of the Board.
          2. On April 7, 2021, the Company received the Certificate of Registration of Changes in Securities issued by China Securities Depository and
          Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to set out the record date being April 6, 2021 and granted 45,488,000 Restricted A Shares to 810
          eligible incentive participants. The incentive participants granted under the Incentive Scheme include the Directors, senior management and
          other core key employees of the Company, but exclude the non-executive Directors (including independent Directors) and Supervisors of the
          Company. The Company has completed the registration of the grant of the Restricted A Shares.
          3. On June 22, 2021, the Resolution on the Election of an Independent Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company
          was considered and approved at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Ms. Au King Chi was elected as an
          independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Ms. Au King Chi has replaced Mr. Lee Chi Ming to serve
          as an independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company from June 22, 2021, and her term of office shall be
          ended at the end of the term of the current session of the Board.
          4. On October 29, 2021, the Supervisory Committee of the Company received the written resignation application from Mr. Zhai Jun, the chairman
          of the Supervisory Committee and the Employee Representative Supervisor. Due to the change of work arrangement, Mr. Zhai Jun has tendered
          his resignation as the Chairman of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee and the Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company.
          On the same day, the Supervisory Committee of the Company received a Notice on the Election Results for New Employee Representative
          Supervisor of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory Committee from the Employee Representatives’ Meeting of the Company, at which Ms. Wang
          Juan was elected as the Employee Representative Supervisor for the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. Ms. Wang Juan
          replaced Mr. Zhai Jun from October 29, 2021 in performing the duties of Employee Representative Supervisor of the fifth session of the Supervisory
          Committee of the Company, until the end of the term of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee. On the same day, the Company
          convened the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee and resolved to elect Mr. Gu Chengzhong as the Chairman of
          the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. Mr. Gu Chengzhong replaced Mr. Zhai Jun from October 29, 2021 in performing
          the duties of the Chairman of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, until the end of the term of the fifth session of the
          Supervisory Committee.
          5. According to the Securities Law and the CSRC’s Announcement on Various Issues in relation to the Cancellation or Adjustment of Certain
          Administrative Approval Projects of Securities Companies (CSRC Announcement [2020] No. 18) (      《關於取消或調整證券公司部分行政審批項目等事項的公
          告》( 證監會公告 [2020] 18 號 )), senior management of securities companies no longer need regulatory authorities to approve their qualifications
          before taking office. Mr. Han Zhencong will serve as a member of the Company’s executive committee and chief information officer (concurrently)
          after fulfilling the filing of his qualifications as a manager of a securities company, and his remuneration applies the remuneration assessment
          system of the Company.
          6. Mr. Zhu Xuebo, an executive director of the Company, received remuneration from China Southern Asset Management.
          7. Total pre-tax remuneration received by Directors, Supervisors and senior management from the Company during the Reporting Period was
          implemented in accordance with relevant policies of governing authorities and the Company’s relevant remuneration assessment and deferred
          compensation system, which include deferred payment of remuneration for the prior year.
          8. Total pre-tax remuneration received from the Company during the Reporting Period excluded pension insurance, enterprise annuity and
          restricted equity incentive.
          9. The remuneration of the Directors that are the persons in charge of provincial financial enterprises shall be implemented in accordance with
          the Interim Measures for the Administration of Remuneration of Persons in Charge of Provincial Financial Enterprises in Jiangsu Province (《江蘇省
          省管金融企業負責人薪酬管理暫行辦法》).




122
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Name        Primary work experience
            Master of business administration, senior engineer and senior economist. He once worked in
            Jiangsu Electronic Industry Research Institute ( 江蘇省電子工業綜合研究所 ). He also served as
            cadre at department level of Jiangsu Electronic Industry Bureau and the deputy director of
            Asset Management Division. He worked as secretary to the board of directors and assistant
            general manager, deputy general manager, general manager and deputy secretary of the
            party committee of Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇宏圖高科技股份有限公司 ). He also
Zhang Wei
            served as director, general manager, deputy secretary of the party committee, secretary of
            the party committee and chairman of the board of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科
            技投資集團有限公司 ). Mr. Zhang served as secretary of the party committee of the Company
            from March 2019 to December 2019 and has been chairman of the Board of Directors and                   About Us
            secretary of the party committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office
            in this session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.
            Bachelor of computer communications. Mr. Zhou once taught at Jiangsu Posts &
            Telecommunications School ( 江蘇省郵電學校 ); engaged in technology management at the
            Telecommunications Center of Jiangsu Posts & Telecommunications Bureau ( 江蘇省郵電管
            理局電信中心 ) and administrative management at Jiangsu Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.
            ( 江蘇移動通信有限公司 ); served as the chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Bei’er


                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
            Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇貝爾有限公司 ) and Nanjing Xinwang Telecom Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技股
            份有限公司 ), deputy general manager of Shanghai Beier Fortune Communications Company
            ( 上 海 貝 爾 富 欣 通 信 公 司 ), director and deputy secretary of the party committee of Huatai

                                                                                                                 and Strategies
            Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华泰证券有限责任公司 ) from August 2006 to February
            2007 and director, president and deputy secretary of the party committee of the same
Zhou Yi     company from February 2007 to December 2007. Mr. Zhou served as Director, President
            and deputy secretary of the party committee of the Company from December 2007 to
            October 2011; Director, President and secretary of the party committee of the Company from
            November 2011 to June 2016; chairman of the Board of Directors, President, and secretary of
            the party committee of the Company from June 2016 to March 2019; chairman of the Board




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
            of Directors, President and party committee member of the Company from March 2019 to
            October 2019; chairman of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer, chairman of the
            Executive Committee and party committee member of the Company from October 2019
            to December 2019, and has been Director, chief executive officer, chairman of the Executive
            Committee and party committee member of the Company since December 2019 with a
            term of office in this session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.
            Master of business administration and senior accountant. He served as assistant accountant
            of the finance department of China Songhai Industrial Corporation ( 中國嵩海實業總公司 ) in
            Xiamen Special Economic Zone from August 1990 to November 1992; chief accountant of the
            finance department of China North Industries Corporation Xiamen Branch ( 中國北方工業廈門公
            司 ) from December 1992 to September 1995; deputy section chief of the finance department


                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
            of Jiangsu International Trust and Investment Company ( 江 蘇 省 國 際 信 託 投 資 公 司 ) from
            October 1995 to August 2002; deputy project manager of the finance department of Guoxin
            Group from August 2002 to September 2004; head of the finance department (manager



                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
Ding Feng   assistant) and deputy general manager of Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited
            ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 ) from September 2004 to December 2009; deputy general
            manager of the finance department of Guoxin Group from December 2009 to December
            2010; vice president of Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. ( 國信集團財務有限公司 ) from
            December 2010 to December 2011; president and deputy secretary of the Party Committee of
            Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. from January 2012 to March 2018; and has served as
            the general manager of finance department of Guoxin Group since March 2018. He has been
            a Director of the Company since October 2018 with a term of office from December 2019 to
            December 2022.




                                                                                                          123
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name       Primary work experience
                     Bachelor of economic management. He served as clerk and staff member of the enterprise
                     division of State-owned Assets Administration Bureau of Jiangsu Provincial Government ( 江蘇省
                     國有資產管理局 ) from August 1996 to November 2000; a staff member of the Administrative Office
                     of State-owned Assets of the Department of Finance of Jiangsu Province ( 江蘇省財政廳國有資產
                     管理辦公室 ) from November 2000 to January 2002; senior staff member of the Administrative
                     Office of State-owned Assets of the Department of Finance of Jiangsu Province from January
                     2002 to March 2004; cadre at sub-section level of Jiangsu SASAC from March 2004 to June
                     2004; senior staff member of the Division of Enterprise Reform and Development ( 企業改革發展
                     處 ) of Jiangsu SASAC from June 2004 to January 2005; principal staff member of the Division
                     of Enterprise Reform and Development of Jiangsu SASAC from January 2005 to December
          Chen       2009; principal staff member of the Division of Enterprise Development and Reform ( 企業發
          Yongbing   展改革處 ) of Jiangsu SASAC from December 2009 to May 2014; deputy director of the Division
                     of Enterprise Development and Reform of Jiangsu SASAC from May 2014 to October 2016;
                     deputy head of the investment and development department of Jiangsu Communications
                     Holding Co., Ltd. from October 2016 to January 2018; has served as head of the investment
                     and development department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from January
                     2018 to September 2020; has served as head of the development and reform department of
                     Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from September 2020 to September 2021; and has
                     served as party committee member and deputy general manager of China Eastern Airlines
                     Jiangsu Limited ( 中國東方航空江蘇有限公司 ) since September 2021. He has been a Director
                     of the Company since October 2018 with a term of office in this session of Board from
                     December 2019 to December 2022.
                     Doctoral degree in corporate management and senior engineer. From August 1996 to
                     October 2002, he successively served as staff member of the infrastructure investment
                     division, staff member and deputy senior staff member of the agriculture division of Jiangsu
                     Provincial Department of Finance. From October 2002 to August 2020, he worked at Jiangsu
                     Communications Holding Company Limited and successively served as assistant to the
                     director of the office, deputy director of the office, deputy director of the operation and
                     safety department, deputy director of the Toll Management Center of Expressway Network
          Ke Xiang   of Jiangsu Province, director of the Information Center and deputy director of the office,
                     director of the development strategy and policy regulation research office, deputy director
                     of the investment and development department, director of the strategic research office,
                     deputy director of the corporate management and legal affairs department, and director
                     of the strategic planning department. Since August 2020, he has been deputy general
                     manager, member of the party committee and general counsel of Govtor Capital Group Co.,
                     Ltd. He has been a Director of the Company since February 2021 with a term of office in this
                     session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.
                     Master of business administration. Ms. Hu served as accountant of KPMG Huazhen LLP from
                     September 2002 to July 2003; assistant analyst of the stock research department of China
                     International Capital Corporation Limited from July 2003 to July 2006; manager and then
                     vice president of Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited from July 2008 to July 2012; vice
          Hu Xiao    president and then director of Merrill Lynch (Asia Pacific) Limited from July 2012 to March
                     2017; and has successively served as director of the strategic investment department and
                     managing director of Alibaba Group Holding Limited since March 2017. She has been Director
                     of the Company since October 2018 with a term of office in this session of Board from
                     December 2019 to December 2022.




124
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Name          Primary work experience
              Master of politics and economics. He successively served as assistant to president of
              Shenzhen Branch of China Construction Bank and deputy general manager of the finance
              and accounting department of the head office of China Construction Bank from June 1989.
              He joined the head office of China Merchants Bank as general manager of the finance and
              accounting department of the head office in June 2014, and has served as general manager
              of the retail credit department of the head office since December 2016. He has also served
Wang Tao
              as director of inclusive financial service center of the head office since February 2018. He
              has been in charge of the establishment of CMB Wealth Management Company Limited
              ( 招銀理財有限責任公司 ) since July 2019 and has been director and president of CMB Wealth
              Management Company Limited since November 2019. He has been Director of the Company                      About Us
              since December 2019 with a term of office in this session of Board from December 2019 to
              December 2022.
              Bachelor of monetary banking. Mr. Zhu worked at Nanjing Artillery Academy and Jiangsu
              Branch of the People’s Bank of China. He joined Huatai Securities in March 2001 and
              successively served as general manager of human resources department, head of
              organization department of the Party Committee and assistant to the president, etc. He
Zhu Xuebo     served as deputy secretary of the Party Committee of the Company from March 2013 to


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
              December 2020, and has served as deputy secretary of the Party Committee of China
              Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. since December 2020. He has been Director of the


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
              Company since October 2018 with a term of office in this session of Board from December
              2019 to December 2022.
              Doctor of business management, a professor. In 1978, Mr. Chen was selected by the Ministry
              of Education of China to study social and economic management at the University of Brittany
              in France ( 法國上布列塔尼大學 ). He was assigned to work at the Institute of World Economics and
              Politics of Chinese Academy of Social Sciences after returning to China in 1981. He has been
              teaching at Nanjing University since December 1982, during which he studied for the Doctoral
Chen
              degree in economics at the School of Economics of Nankai University from September 1990




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Chuanming
              to June 1993. Currently, he serves as professor of Nanjing University Business School, and
              concurrently as vice chairman of Chinese Institute of Business Administration and Jiangsu
              Association of Science and Technology Innovation. He has served as independent non-
              executive Director of the Company since March 2016 with a term of office in this session of
              Board from December 2019 to December 2022.
              Master of comparative law, with qualification as a lawyer both in China and the United States
              (New York State). Ms. Liu joined Beijing Tian Yuan Law Firm in 1995 and has been partner of
Liu Yan       Tian Yuan Law Firm since 2002. She has been independent non-executive Director of the
              Company since December 2016 with a term of office in this session of Board from December
              2019 to December 2022.




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
              Doctor of management (accounting), a postdoctoral fellow in accounting and professor and
              doctoral student supervisor of the Faculty of Finance and Accounting at Southeast University.
              Mr. Chen also serves as managerial accounting consultant to the Ministry of Finance and
Chen Zhibin



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
              vice director of the governmental accounting committee of the Accounting Society of China.
              He has been independent non-executive Director of the Company since June 2018 with a
              term of office in this session of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.




                                                                                                              125
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name          Primary work experience
                        Ph.D. degree in civil and commercial law. From August 1998 to May 2006, he taught at Nanjing
                        Tech Law School. From May 2006 to May 2016, he taught at Hohai University School of Law.
                        From May 2016 to April 2021, he has been a professor, doctor-postgraduate supervisor and
                        dean at the College of Humanities and Social Sciences of Nanjing University of Aeronautics
                        and Astronautics, and has been a professor at the Law School of Nanjing University since
          Wang          May 2021. He currently serves as a managing director of China Commercial Law Society,
          Jianwen       the vice president and secretary-general of Jiangsu Commercial Law Society ( 江蘇省法學會商
                        法學研究會 ), and concurrently as a member of the legal experts’ pool of Jiangsu Provincial
                        Committee of the Communist Party of China, a decision-making consulting expert of The
                        Standing Committee of Jiangsu Provincial People’s Congress. He has been independent
                        non-executive Director of the Company since June 2020 with a term of office in this session
                        of Board from December 2019 to December 2022.
                        Master’s degree in public administration. She served as the Administrative Officer of the
                        former Council Administration of the Hong Kong Government from August 1982 to November
                        1982; the Administrative Officer of the former City and New Territories Administration of the
                        Hong Kong Government from November 1982 to September 1983; the Administrative Officer
                        of the former Medical and Health Department of the Hong Kong Government from July 1984
                        to January 1986; the Assistant Secretary for Education of the former Education Commission
                        of the Hong Kong Government from January 1986 to April 1987; the Assistant Secretary for
                        Culture, Leisure, Municipal Services in the former Culture, Leisure, Municipal Services Branch
                        of the Hong Kong Government from April 1987 to January 1988; the Assistant Secretary
                        for the Securities Review Committee of the Hong Kong Government from January 1988 to
                        June 1988; the Assistant Secretary for Monetary Affairs and the Principal Assistant Secretary
                        for Monetary Affairs of the former Monetary Affairs Branch of the Hong Kong Government
                        from June 1988 to October 1991 successively; the Principal Assistant Secretary for Trade
                        and Industry of the former Trade and Industry Branch of the Hong Kong Government from
                        October 1991 to June 1995; the Deputy Director and the Press Secretary to the Chief Executive
                        of the Information Services Department of the Hong Kong Government (later the Information
          Au King Chi   Services Department of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region)
                        from July 1996 to March 1999 successively; the Deputy Secretary for Financial Services
                        Bureau of the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from March
                        1999 to August 2004; the Deputy Secretary for Housing, Planning and Lands Bureau of the
                        Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from August 2004 to May 2006;
                        the Commissioner for Tourism of the Economic Development and Labour Bureau of the
                        Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from May 2006 to December
                        2008; the Permanent Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury of the Government
                        of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region from January 2009 to December 2014. She
                        currently holds various positions, including a member of the Executive Committee of the
                        Youth Outreach, an honorary member of the Hong Kong Committee of the United Nations
                        Children’s Fund, a member of the Management Committee of Endeavour Education Centre
                        Limited, an honorary fellow of the Hong Kong Securities and Investment Institute and a
                        member of the Advisory Committee on Corruption of the Independent Commission Against
                        Corruption of Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. She has been an independent non-
                        executive Director of the Company since June 2021 with a term of office in this session of
                        Board from December 2019 to December 2022.




126
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Name         Primary work experience
           Master’s degree in coastal engineering. From July 1990 to May 1998, he worked in Nanjing
           Public Security Bureau. From May 1998 to November 2005, he worked in the technical
           supervision office, head office of brokerage management, and Nanjing Hanzhong Road
           securities business office of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华 泰 证 券 有 限 责 任
           公司 ). From November 2005 to January 2019, he served as a deputy general manager (in
           charge of work) and general manager of Xi’an North Wenyi Road securities business office,
Gu
           general manager of Xi’an regional center securities business office, general manager of
Chengzhong
           Nanjing Ruijin Road securities business office, and general manager of Nanjing branch
           of Huatai Securities. He has been the general manager of the compliance and legal
           department of the Company since January 2019 and an Employee Representative Supervisor                     About Us
           of the Company since April 2019. He has been the chairman of Supervisory Committee of
           the Company since October 2021 with a term of office in this session of the Supervisory
           Committee from December 2019 to December 2022.
             Master’s degree, a senior accountant. He worked at the finance department of Yangzhou No.
             2 Power Plant Company Limited ( 揚州第二發電有限公司 ) from August 1995 to June 1998, served
             as the general ledger of the finance department, deputy director of finance department,
             director of finance department, deputy chief accountant and head of finance department


                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
             of Yangzhou No. 2 Power Plant Company Limited from July 1998 to December 2009; deputy
             general manager of the finance department of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group ( 江 蘇 省
             國信集團 ) from December 2009 to December 2016; deputy general manager, chief financial

                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Zhang Ming
             officer and general manager (chief at group departmental level) of the finance department
             of Jiangsu Guoxin Corporation Limited ( 江 蘇 國 信 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) as well as secretary of the
             board from December 2016 to August 2019, and general manager, party committee member,
             chief accountant of the finance department of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group since
             August 2019. Since December 2019, he has been the Supervisor of the Company, with a term
             of office in this session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2019 to December
             2022.




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
             Master’s degree in industrial economics, a principal senior accountant. She served at the
             finance department of Nanjing Runtai Industrial Trading Company ( 南京潤泰實業貿易公司 )
             from August 1993 to August 1996. She pursued master’s studies of industrial economics in
             Nanjing University of Science and Technology ( 南京理工大學 ) from September 1996 to April
             1999, served at the finance and audit department of Jiangsu United Trust and Investment
             Company ( 江蘇聯合信託投資公司 ) from May 1999 to December 2002. She worked at the finance
             and audit division of Jiangsu Communications Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通產業集團有限
             公司 ) from January 2003 to September 2004, the finance and audit department of Jiangsu
             Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 ) from October 2004 to May 2008.
             She successively served as the vice manager (in charge of work), manager of the finance




                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
             and accounting division, deputy chief financial officer (departmental level), chief financial
Yu Lanying
             officer and Party Committee member of Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited ( 江蘇寧滬
             高速公路股份有限公司 ) from June 2008 to November 2016. She served as the deputy general
             manager, chief financial officer and Party Committee member of Jiangsu Expressway



                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
             Company Limited from November 2016 to March 2018, head of the audit and risk control
             department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from March 2018 to August 2018
             and has served as head of the audit and risk control department and supervisor of audit
             center of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from August 2018 to November 2019
             and head of the financial management department of Jiangsu Communications Holding
             Co., Ltd. since November 2019. She has served concurrently as Supervisor of the Company
             since October 2018, with a term of office in this session of the Supervisory Committee from
             December 2019 to December 2022.




                                                                                                             127
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name         Primary work experience
                       Master’s degree in business administration. Ms. Zhang served as the export sales business
                       manager of Nanjing Native Produce and Animal Byproducts Import and Export Co., Ltd. ( 南京
                       市土產畜產進出口股份有限公司 ) from August 1989 to April 1997; manager assistant and manager
                       of Jiangsu Xinsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 鑫 蘇 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ) from April
                       1997 to November 2000; department manager of Jiangsu Venture Capital Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 省
          Zhang        創 業 投 資 有 限 公 司 ) from November 2000 to May 2005; senior investment manager, deputy
          Xiaohong     general manager of the asset management department, general manager of the asset
                       management department and general manager of the investment operations department
                       of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 ) from May 2005 to July 2020;
                       and vice general manager of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. since July 2020. She has served
                       as a Supervisor of the Company since December 2019, with a term of office in this session of
                       the Supervisory Committee from December 2019 to December 2022.
                      College degree in financial accounting. Ms. Fan served as the director assistant of the
                      settlement center of the headquarter of Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. from February 2002 to
                      February 2004; deputy general manager and financial director for the Guangzhou region
                      of Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. from February 2004 to August 2011; executive deputy general
                      manager for the Guangzhou Region and assistant to the executive president of the regional
                      headquarter of South China of Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. from August 2011 to January 2013;
                      executive vice president of the e-commerce operation headquarter and executive vice
          Fan Chunyan president of the operation headquarter of Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. from January 2013
                      to September 2014; vice president of Suning Retail Group ( 蘇 寧 零 售 集 團 ) and president of
                      Internet Platform Company ( 互 聯 網 平 台 公 司 ) from August 2016 to January 2018; and has
                      served as vice president of Suning Retail Group and president of Internet Platform Company
                      as well as general manager of the customer service management center since January
                      2018. She served as a Director of the Company from October 2018 to December 2019. She has
                      been a Supervisor of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in this session
                      of the Supervisory Committee from December 2019 to December 2022.
                       Master’s degree in public administration. She worked in the organization department of the
                       Municipal Committee of Yangzhong and the Municipal Party Committee of Youth League in
                       Yangzhong from August 2000 to June 2004. From June 2004 to January 2016, she worked at
                       the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
                       People’s Government, successively serving as the principal staff member of the enterprise
                       leadership personnel management division, principal staff member of the administrative
          Wang Ying    office, deputy division chief of the public working division, deputy division chief of the Party
                       construction work division and deputy division chief of the enterprise leadership personnel
                       management division, etc. She joined Huatai Securities in January 2016 and has been serving
                       as the head of the Communist Party union working department of the Company since April
                       2016. She has been an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since December
                       2019, chairman of labor union of the Company since December 2021, with a term of office in
                       this session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2019 to December 2022.




128
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Name         Primary work experience
             Master of scientific construction of socialist legal system. From August 1997 to November
             2015, she worked in the Publicity Department of the CPC Jiangsu Provincial Committee;
             from November 2015 to November 2016, she served as a deputy director of the General
             Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group Co.,
             Ltd.; from November 2016 to January 2019, she served as a deputy director of the General
             Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group Co., Ltd.
             (presiding over the work since July 2017), as well as an executive director and the General
             Manager of Jiangsu Zijin Cultural and Creative Park Operation and Management Company
Wang Juan
             Limited; from January 2019 to October 2019, she served as a deputy director (presiding
             over the work) of the General Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment &                 About Us
             Management Group Co., Ltd.; from October 2019 to July 2020, she served as the director of
             the Party-Masses Work Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group
             Co., Ltd; since July 2020, she has been the Deputy Director of the Office of the Company;
             since October 2021, she has been the Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company,
             with a term of office in this session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2019 to
             December 2022.
             Doctor of business economics. He used to be a cadre of supervision bureau, chief officer


                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
             and deputy director of financial audit division of the internal auditing department, deputy
             director of general office information division of the PBOC, deputy director of the news and


                                                                                                                    and Strategies
             information division of the general office, deputy director and director of the financial and
             accounting department audit division, director of audit division of the first division of the
             supervisory administration bureau in China Banking Regulatory Commission ( 中國銀行業監督管理
             委員會 ), member of Party Committee and secretary of the discipline inspection commission
             of Xinjiang Office of China Banking Regulatory Commission, deputy director of the disposal
Li Shiqian   of illegal fund raising office and deputy director of city bank supervision department of the
             CBRC. He was deputy director of the city commercial bank supervision department of China
             Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission ( 中國銀行保險監督管理委員會 ) from September




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
             2018 to May 2019, the monitor of the city commercial bank supervision department of the
             CBIRC from May 2019 to June 2019, and first class monitor of the city commercial bank
             supervision department of the CBIRC from June 2019 to December 2019. He joined Huatai
             Securities in December 2019 and has been a member of Executive Committee of the
             Company since March 2020 with a term of office in this session of senior management from
             December 2019 to December 2022.
             Master of business administration. Mr. Sun once worked as a clerk, officer and deputy chief
             of the cadre section of human resources division of Jiangsu Branch of the PBOC; deputy
             chief (presiding) and chief of human resources division of Jiangsu Securities Company
             ( 江蘇省證券公司 ); chief of human resources division, chief of the organization department,




                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
             general manager of the human resources department, secretary of the discipline inspection
             commission, chief inspection officer, a member of the Party Committee and vice president
Sun Hanlin   of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华泰证券有限责任公司 ). He was vice president,
             secretary of the discipline inspection commission and a member of the Party Committee of



                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
             the Company from December 2007 to December 2015. He was vice president and a member
             of the Party Committee of the Company from December 2015 to November 2019. He was vice
             president of the Company from November 2019 to December 2019, and has been a member
             of Executive Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in this
             session of senior management from December 2019 to December 2022.




                                                                                                             129
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name         Primary work experience
                       Master of agricultural economics and management. Mr. Jiang once taught at Nanjing
                       Agricultural University ( 南京農業大學 ). He worked at Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券
                       公司 ) as an employee of the human resources division, chief of the training and education
                       section of the human resources division, deputy general manager of the stock affairs
                       department under the investment banking head office, deputy general manager of No. 1
                       investment banking department, senior manager of No. 1 investment banking department,
                       deputy general manager of the investment banking head office and general manager of
                       the issuance department, general manager of the asset management head office, general
                       manager of the investment banking business Nanjing head office, director of investment
                       banking business and general manager of Nanjing head office, assistant to the president
          Jiang Jian
                       and general manager of Shanghai head office, assistant to the president, secretary to
                       the Board of Directors, assistant to the president and general manager of institutional
                       customer service department, vice president and secretary to the Board of Directors, and a
                       member of the Party Committee. He was vice president, secretary to the Board of Directors
                       and a member of the Party Committee of the Company from December 2007 to April 2017,
                       vice president and a member of the Party Committee of the Company from April 2017 to
                       November 2019 and vice president of the Company from November 2019 to December 2019.
                       He has been a member of Executive Committee of the Company since December 2019 with
                       a term of office in this session of senior management from December 2019 to December
                       2022.
                       Doctor of technology economics and management. Mr. Zhang once worked at Dongcheng
                       District Personnel Exchange Service Center of Beijing ( 北京東城區人才交流服務中心 ), Brilliance
                       Group ( 華 晨 集 團 ) Shanghai Office, Tongshang Holdings Co., Ltd. ( 通 商 控 股 有 限 公 司 ) and
                       Beijing Lianchuang Investment and Management Co., Ltd. ( 北 京 聯 創 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ). He
                       served as a senior manager of the asset management head office of Huatai Securities
                       and deputy general manager of the business office at Nantong Yaogang Road. Mr. Zhang
                       served as the general manager of the business office at Shanghai Ruijin First Road, deputy
                       general manager of securities investment department of the Company; general manager
          Zhang Hui    of the Company’s general affairs department from July 2012 to January 2016; general
                       manager of the human resources department and head of the organization department
                       of the Party Committee of the Company from January 2016 to April 2017; secretary to the
                       Board of Directors, general manager of the human resources department and head of the
                       organization department of the Party Committee of the Company from April 2017 to March
                       2019; and secretary to the Board of Directors of the Company from March 2019 to December
                       2019. He has been a member of the Executive Committee and secretary to the Board of
                       Directors of the Company since December 2019, with a term of office in this session of senior
                       management from December 2019 to December 2022.
                       Master’s degree in control science and engineering. Mr. Chen once was an engineer of
                       Eastcom Co., Ltd. ( 東 方 通 信 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), project manager of Nanjing Xinwang Telecom
                       Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技股份有限公司 ), senior engineer of the information technology
                       department, website operation manager of customer service center, head of network
                       marketing team and assistant to general manager of financial service center of Huatai
          Chen         Securities. He served as the deputy general manager of the head office of brokerage
          Tianxiang    business of the Company from April 2015 to August 2015; deputy general manager of the
                       internet finance department of the Company (in charge of work) from August 2015 to June
                       2017; and general manager of the internet finance department of the Company since June
                       2017. He has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Company since February
                       2020, with a term of office in this session of senior management from December 2019 to
                       December 2022.




130
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Name               Primary work experience
              Master’s degree of accounting, an accountant. She once was a cadre of Industrial and
              Commercial Bank of China Limited ( 中國工商銀行股份有限公司 ) Beijing Branch as well as a
              cadre, deputy chief clerk and chief clerk of the comprehensive division of the accounting
              department of Ministry of Finance ( 財政部 ). She served as the deputy division chief
              of the second division of standards of the accounting department of Ministry of Finance,
              investigator of the second division of the system from November 2003 to November 2009;
Jiao Xiaoning
              a cadre, investigator, director and leading cadre of the system division of the accounting
              department of the CSRC from November 2009 to January 2014; deputy inspector and deputy


                                                                                                                                                            About Us
              director of the accounting department of the CSRC from January 2014 to January 2020.
              She joined Huatai Securities in January 2020 and has been the chief financial officer of the
              Company since March 2020, with a term of office in this session of senior management from
              December 2019 to December 2022.
                   Doctor of finance. Mr. Jiao was once the manager and director assistant of trading operation
                   department, director assistant and deputy director of trading management department,
                   deputy director of executive office and general manager’s secretary, and director of board
                   of governors office and deputy director of executive office of Shanghai Stock Exchange. He
                   served as the director of board of governors office and deputy director of executive office,


                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                   director of CPC Committee Office and director of board of supervisors office of Shanghai
Jiao Kai
                   Stock Exchange from January 2013 to March 2014; director of Beijing center of Shanghai Stock


                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                   Exchange from March 2014 to February 2017; general manager of membership department of
                   Shanghai Stock Exchange from February 2017 to December 2019. He joined Huatai Securities
                   in December 2019 serving as the general legal counsel of the Company and has been the
                   chief compliance officer of the Company since February 2020 with a term of office in this
                   session of senior management from December 2019 to December 2022.
           Master of computer and finance. Mr. Wang served as the principal staff member of the
           treasury department/global financial marketing department of Bank of China ( 中國銀行 )
           from July 1995 to March 2003; middle office chief of internal risk control for European treasury




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
           operations at the London Branch of Bank of China from March 2003 to May 2007; leader of
           interest rate derivative product and fixed income risks team of J.P. Morgan Securities (JP 摩根
Wang Chong 證券 ) from June 2007 to January 2010; risk compliance officer of China International Capital
           Corporation (UK) Limited ( 中 國 國 際 金 融 有 限 公 司 ( 英 國 )) from January 2010 to November
           2014. He has been general manager of risk management department of the Company from
           December 2014 to January 2022 and chief risk officer of the Company since March 2017 with
           a term of office in this session of senior management from December 2019 to December
           2022.


Explanation of other information




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, Mr. Han Zhencong was a member of the Executive Committee (proposed) and chief information officer (proposed)
of the Company, and his main work experience is as follows: Mr. Han Zhencong, Doctor of management science and engineering. He served as
a secretary of student affairs office, teacher, deputy secretary of Youth League Committee, director of educational affairs section and director
of teaching and research office and vice-principal of Jiangsu Post and Telecommunications School ( 江蘇省郵電學校 ). He also served as deputy
director of Jiangsu Telecom Staff Training Center ( 江蘇省電信職工培訓中心 ), manager of enterprise planning department, office director, general




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
manager of Wuxi Branch, deputy general manager, member of the Leading Party Members’ Group of China Telecom Jiangsu Company Limited
( 中國電信江蘇公司 ). He was the general manager and secretary of the Leading Party Members’ Group of China Telecom Heilongjiang Company
Limited from September 2009 to February 2012. He was the general manager of the government and enterprise customer business division of
China Telecom from February 2012 to July 2016, and was the general manager and secretary of the Party Committee of China Telecom Zhejiang
Company Limited from July 2016 to December 2019. He joined HTSC in December 2019 and was proposed to be a member of the Executive
Committee and the chief information officer of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                   131
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Employment of Directors, Supervisors and senior management at present and
          those retired during the Reporting Period

          1. Employment at the Shareholders’ companies

                             Name of the                                      Commencement
          Name of            Shareholder’s                                    of the term of       Expiration of the
          employee           companies               Position                 office               term of office
                             Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                     General manager of the
          Ding Feng          Investment Group                               March 8, 2018
                                                     finance department
                             Limited
                             Jiangsu                 Head of the
                                                                                                   September 22,
          Chen Yongbing      Communications          development and          September 23, 2018
                                                                                                   2021
                             Holding Co., Ltd.       reform department
                                                     Deputy general
                             Govtor Capital Group    manager, party
          Ke Xiang                                                            August 17, 2020
                             Co., Ltd.               committee member,
                                                     general legal counsel
                             Jiangsu Guoxin          Party committee
          Zhang Ming         Investment Group        member, chief            October 18, 2020
                             Limited.                accountant
                             Jiangsu                 Head of the financial
          Yu Lanying         Communications          management               November 22, 2019
                             Holding Co., Ltd.       department
                             Govtor Capital Group    Deputy general
          Zhang Xiaohong                                                      July 8, 2020
                             Co., Ltd.               manager
                                           Party committee
                             Jiangsu Re-guarantee
                                           member, chairman
          Xu Qing            Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省                            August 18, 2020
                                           of the supervisory
                             信用再擔保集團有限公司 )
                                           committee
                             Jiangsu Re-guarantee
                                                     Party committee
          Zhai Jun           Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省                          July 17, 2021
                                                     member, vice president
                             信用再擔保集團有限公司 )
          Explanation of the
          employment at
                             Nil
          the Shareholders’
          Companies




132
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2. Employment at other companies

                                                                           Commencement       Expiration of
Name of                                                                    of the term of     the term of
employee    Name of other companies                     Position           office             office
                                                     Chairman of
            Zking Property & Casualty Insurance Co.,                                          February 24,
Zhang Wei                                            the supervisory       May 15, 2009
            Ltd. ( 紫金財產保險股份有限公司 )                                                             2021
                                                     committee
            CSOP Asset Management Limited ( 南方                             November 7,
                                               Chairman
            東英資產管理有限公司 )
                                                                                                                       About Us
                                                                           2017
            AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.          Director           October 31, 2016
Zhou Yi     Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)                          November 28,
                                                        Director
            Limited                                                        2006
            China Southern Asset Management Co.,
                                                 Director                  May 19, 2021
            Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )
            Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd. ( 江
                                                        Director           June 14, 2019
            蘇省聯合徵信有限公司 )


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
            Jiangsu Guoxin Credit Financing
Ding Feng   Guarantee Co., Ltd ( 江蘇省國信信用融資              Director           August 12, 2019
            擔保有限公司 )

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
            Zking Property & Casualty Insurance Co.,                       February 20,
                                                     Director
            Ltd. ( 紫金財產保險股份有限公司 )                                          2021
            Jiangsu Yunshan Capital Management          Chairman & Legal                      October 29,
                                                                           May 6, 2020
            Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇雲杉資本管理有限公司 )                  representative                        2021
            Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited
                                                        Director           April 8, 2018      May 11, 2021
            ( 江蘇寧滬高速公路股份有限公司 )
            Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                                        Director           May 17, 2018
            鐵路集團有限公司 )
Chen        Jiangsu Port Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省港口
                                                        Director           July 9, 2018
Yongbing    集團有限公司 )
            Jiangsu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                     Supervisor            March 17, 2018
            金融租賃股份有限公司 )
            Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd. ( 江
                                                        Director           June 26, 2019
            蘇省聯合徵信有限公司 )
            Lian Life Insurance Co., Ltd. ( 利安人壽保險                         November 18,
                                                   Director
            股份有限公司 )                                                       2020




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
            Jiangsu Addor Huijing Asset
                                                                           November 4,
            Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達匯景資產 Director
                                                                           2020
            管理有限公司 )




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
            Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co.,                           December 8,
                                                 Director
            Ltd. ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )                                          2020
            Suzhou Jinling Nanlin Hotel Co., Ltd. ( 蘇                                         October 28,
                                                        Director           April 1, 2017
Ke Xiang    州金陵南林飯店有限責任公司 )                                                                   2021
            Jiangsu Fenghai New Energy Seawater
                                                                           November 25,
            Desalination Development Co., Ltd. ( 江      Director
                                                                           2020
            蘇豐海新能源淡化海水發展有限公司 )
            Jiangsu Wanhao Real Estate
                                             Legal representative,                            October 18,
            Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇萬豪房地產開                       March 26, 2021
                                             chairman                                         2021
            發有限公司 )




                                                                                                              133
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                    Commencement      Expiration of
          Name of                                                                   of the term of    the term of
          employee    Name of other companies                  Position             office            office
                                                               Managing director
                                                               of strategic
                      Alibaba Group Holding Limited                                 January 1, 2020
                                                               investment
                                                               department
                      Tianxianpei (Shanghai) Technology Co.,                        November 11,      September 5,
                                                             Director
                      Ltd. ( 天鮮配 ( 上海 ) 科技有限公司 )                                    2019              2021
                      Shanghai Wanxiang Culture
                      Development Co., Ltd. ( 上海萬象文化發展 Director                     May 22, 2019      April 20, 2021
                      有限公司 )
          Hu Xiao
                      Shanghai Wanxiang Culture Distribution
                                                             Director               May 7, 2019
                      Co., Ltd. ( 上海萬象文化配送有限公司 )
                      Guangzhou Wanzhixiang Logistics Co.,
                                                               Director             June 21, 2019     June 10, 2021
                      Ltd. ( 廣州萬之象物流有限公司 )
                      Dianwoba Holdings Limited                Director             May 30, 2020
                      YTO Express Group Co., Ltd. ( 圓通速遞股                           February 25,
                                                               Director
                      份有限公司 )                                                       2021
                      Jiangsu Kangzhong Auto Parts Co., Ltd.                        September 30,
                                                               Director
                      ( 江蘇康眾汽配有限公司 )                                                2021
                      CMB Wealth Management Company            Director and         November 1,
          Wang Tao
                      Limited ( 招銀理財有限責任公司 )                   president            2019
                      China Southern Asset Management Co., Deputy secretary of December 10,
          Zhu Xuebo
                      Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )                the Party Committee 2020
                                                               Professor of Business November 1,
                      Nanjing University
                                                               School                2006
                      Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. ( 南京鋼鐵股 Independent
                                                                                    May 6, 2016
                      份有限公司 )                                director
          Chen      GCL System Integration Technology Co., Independent                                Febuary 9,
                                                                                    March 31, 2016
          Chuanming Ltd. ( 協鑫集成科技股份有限公司 )                  director                                   2021
                      Shanghai Dehui Group Co., Ltd. ( 上海德     Independent
                                                                                    March 1, 2016
                      匯集團有限公司 )                                director
                      Leysen Jewelry Co., Ltd. ( 萊紳通靈珠寶股                                              December 15,
                                                               Director             May 14, 2019
                      份有限公司 )                                                                         2021
                      Beijing Tian Yuan Law Firm ( 北京市天元律
                                                          Partner                   January 1, 2002
                      師事務所 )
                      Huaxin Cement Co., Ltd. ( 華新水泥股份有 Independent                 September 26,
          Liu Yan                                                                                     April 23, 2021
                      限公司 )                             director                    2014
                      WuXi Pharma Tech Co., Ltd. ( 無錫藥明康       Independent
                                                                                    March 17, 2017
                      德新藥開發股份有限公司 )                            director




134
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                             Commencement       Expiration of
Name of                                                                      of the term of     the term of
employee     Name of other companies                   Position              office             office
                                                       Professor of School
             Southeast University                      of Economics and      July 1, 2012
                                                       Management
             Jiangsu Phoenix Publishing & Media
                                                Independent
             Corporation Limited ( 江蘇鳳凰出版傳媒股                                 May 10, 2018
                                                director
             份有限公司 )
Chen Zhibin Jiangsu Sainty Corp., Ltd. ( 江蘇舜天股份
                                                                                                                          About Us
                                                       Independent
                                                                             May 15, 2020
            有限公司 )                                     director
             Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有
                                                 External supervisor         October 10, 2020
             限公司 )
             Jiangsu Jiangnan Rural Commercial
                                                       Independent
             Bank Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇江南農村商業銀行股份                                   October 15, 2021
                                                       director
             有限公司 )
                                                       Professor, doctor-


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                       postgraduate
             Nanjing University of Aeronautics and     supervisor and
                                                                           May 20, 2016         April 30, 2021
             Astronautics                              dean of the College

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                                       of Humanities and
Wang                                                   Social Sciences
Jianwen                                                Professor of the Law
             Nanjing University                                             May 1, 2021
                                                       School
             Changshu Feifan Metalwork Co., Ltd ( 常 Independent
                                                                             April 15, 2021
             熟非凡新材股份有限公司 )                          director
             Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. ( 通富微 Independent             December 16,




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
             電子股份有限公司 )                              director                2021
             Jiangsu Guoxin Corporation Limited ( 江
                                                    Supervisor               August 20, 2019
             蘇國信股份有限公司 )
             Jiangsu International Trust Corporation
                                                       Director              August 28, 2019
             Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )
             Jiangsu International Talents Advisory
                                                                             February 20,       February 4,
             Services Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省國際人才諮詢服           Director
                                                                             2016               2021
             務有限公司 )
             Jiangsu Sainty Corp., Ltd. ( 江蘇舜天股份
Zhang Ming                                             Supervisor            July 12, 2019
             有限公司 )



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
             Suzhou Industrial Park Co., Ltd. ( 蘇州工業
                                                     Supervisor              June 24, 2015
             園區股份有限公司 )
             Tongmei Datang Tashan II Power



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                                             September 17,      February 4,
             Generation Company Limited ( 同煤大唐 Director
                                                                             2019               2021
             塔山第二發電有限責任公司 )
             Yangzhou No. 2 Power Plant Company                                                 February 4,
                                                       Director              June 5, 2018
             Limited ( 揚州第二發電有限責任公司 )                                                           2021




                                                                                                                 135
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Commencement       Expiration of
          Name of                                                                    of the term of     the term of
          employee     Name of other companies                  Position             office             office
                       Jiangsu Guoxin Yangzhou Power
                                                                                                        February 4,
                       Generation Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇國信揚州發電有 Director                     June 5, 2018
                                                                                                        2021
                       限責任公司 )
          Zhang Ming China Eastern Airlines Jiangsu Limited                          December 30,
                                                                Director
                     ( 中國東方航空江蘇有限公司 )                                                2020
                       Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd.                        December 24,
                                                                Director
                       ( 江蘇省國信集團財務有限公司 )                                             2020
                                                                Chairman of
                       Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited
                                                                the supervisory      April 8, 2018      May 11, 2021
                       ( 江蘇寧滬高速公路股份有限公司 )
                                                                committee
                       Jiangsu Re-guarantee Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                Supervisor           May 27, 2018
                       ( 江蘇省信用再擔保集團有限公司 )
                                                                 Chairman of
                       Jiangsu Salt Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江                     December 3,
          Yu Lanying                                             the supervisory
                       蘇省鹽業集團有限責任公司 )                                                2018
                                                                 committee
                       Jiangsu Jinsuzheng Investment and
                                                                                     December 3,
                       Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金蘇證投資發 Director
                                                                                     2018
                       展有限公司 )
                       Bank of Nanjing Co., Ltd. ( 南京銀行股份有                           September 16,
                                                           Director
                       限公司 )                                                         2020
                       Jiangsu Addor Equity Investment Fund
                       Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達股權投資 Director                      March 10, 2021
                       基金管理有限公司 )
                       Jiangsu Proprietary Technology
                       Exchange Center Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省技術產       Director             January 5, 2018
                       權交易市場有限公司 )
                       Jiangsu Talent Innovation and Venture
                                                                Legal representative, September 9,
                       Service Center Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省人才創新
                                                                director              2019
                       創業服務中心有限公司 )
          Zhang
          Xiaohong
                       Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co., Legal representative,
                                                                                  August 26, 2021
                       Ltd. ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )                chairman
                       Jiangsu Xinxin Retail Innovation Fund    Designated
                       (Limited Partnership) ( 江蘇新新零售創新         representative of    August 26, 2021
                       基金 ( 有限合夥 ))                             executive partner
                       Jiangsu Govtor Venture Capital
                                                       Legal representative, December 13,
                       Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高投創業投資
                                                       chairman              2021
                       管理有限公司 )
                                                                Vice president of
                                                                Suning Retail Group
                                                                and president of    August 16, 2016
                                                                Internet Platform
          Fan                                                   Company
                       Suning.com Group Co., Ltd.
          Chunyan                                               General
                                                                manager of the
                                                                customer service     January 29, 2018
                                                                management
                                                                center




136
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                            Commencement        Expiration of
Name of                                                                     of the term of      the term of
employee     Name of other companies                   Position             office              office
             Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                       Supervisor           January 18, 2019
Gu         ( 華泰紫金投資有限責任公司 )
Chengzhong Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                       Supervisor           March 18, 2020
             股權交易中心有限責任公司 )
             Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
Sun Hanlin                                             Chairman             March 1, 2021
             股權交易中心有限責任公司 )

                                                                                                                         About Us
             Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有
Jiang Jian                                       Director                   May 16, 2012
             限公司 )
             China Southern Asset Management Co.,
Zhang Hui                                         Director                  October 18, 2016
             Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )
             Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
Chen
             Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 )        Director             March 30, 2018
Tianxiang
             資產管理有限公司 )
             AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.        Chairman             April 21, 2020


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Jiao         Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
Xiaoning     Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 )        Director             August 10, 2020
             資產管理有限公司 )
             Huatai International Financial Holdings
                                                                            February 28,                               and Strategies
             Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限 Director
                                                                            2018
             公司 )
             Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                       Chief risk officer   July 30, 2018
             Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 )
Wang
Chong
                                                                            September 28,
             Huatai Securities USA Holdings, Inc.      Director




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                                                            2018
                                                                            September 28,
             Huatai Securities (USA), Inc.             Director
                                                                            2018
             Jiangsu Addor Equity Investment Fund
                                                                                                February 10,
Xu Qing      Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達股權投資 Supervisor                     February 9, 2017
                                                                                                2021
             基金管理有限公司 )
             Benington Capital Partners Limited ( 柏    Managing partner
                                                                            February 11, 2020
             寧頓資本有限公司 )                                and director
             DIT Group Limited ( 中民築友智造科技集
             團有限公司 ) (formerly known as China          Independent non-     December 30,




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
             Minsheng Drawin Technology Group          executive director   2014
Lee Chi      Limited ( 中民築友科技集團有限公司 )
Ming         Chung Ying Theatre Company (HK)                                December 10,
                                                       Director
             Limited ( 中英劇團有限公司 )


                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                                                                            2015
                                                       Independent non-
             Cango Inc.                                                     July 31, 2018
                                                       executive director
             Wanlian Securities Co., Ltd. ( 萬聯證券股      Independent
                                                                            April 12, 2019
             份有限公司 )                                   director
Explanation
of other    Nil
jobs




                                                                                                                137
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management


                                            The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible
                                            for advising the Board on the remuneration structure and policies of the
           Decision-making procedures
                                            Directors and senior management of the Company. The Board makes
           of remuneration of the
                                            decisions on matters relating to the remuneration of and reward and
           Directors, Supervisors and
                                            punishment of senior management in accordance with relevant policies,
           senior management
                                            and matters relating to the remuneration of Directors and Supervisors
                                            shall be determined at the general meeting.

                                            The external Directors and external Supervisors of the Company do not
                                            receive remuneration from the Company; standard of remuneration of
                                            the independent Directors is determined with reference to that of the
           The basis for determining the
                                            listed peers and based on actual situation of the Company; remuneration
           remuneration of the Directors,
                                            of internal Directors, employee Supervisors and the senior management
           Supervisors and senior
                                            applies relevant policies of governing authorities and the remuneration
           management
                                            assessment system of the Company, and determined in accordance with
                                            job responsibilities and the result of annual performance, as it is linked to
                                            position and performance.

           Actual payments of
                                            Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration
           remuneration of the Directors,
                                            of current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management
           Supervisors and senior
                                            during the Reporting Period” in this report for details
           management

           Total remuneration actually
           obtained by all Directors,
           Supervisors and senior           Approximately RMB53.1151 million
           management at the end of
           the Reporting Period




          (IV) Changes in Directors, Supervisors and senior management

          Name            Position                               Change        Reason for Change
                                                                               Elected at the First Extraordinary General
          Ke Xiang        Non-executive Director                 Elected
                                                                               Meeting in 2021
                                                                               Elected at the 2020 Annual General
          Au King Chi     Independent Director                   Elected
                                                                               Meeting
          Gu              Chairman of the Supervisory
                                                                 Elected       Elected by the Supervisory Committee
          Chengzhong      Committee
                                                                               Elected by the congress of workers and
          Wang Juan       Employee Representative Supervisor Elected
                                                                               staff
                                                                               Due to work arrangements, he will no
          Xu Qing         Non-executive Director                 Resigned      longer serve as a non-executive Director
                                                                               of the Company
                                                                               Due to the expiration of his term of
          Lee Chi Ming    Independent Director                   Resigned      office, he will no longer serve as an
                                                                               independent Director of the Company
                                                                               Due to work arrangements, he will
                          Chairman of the Supervisory
                                                                               no longer serve as Chairman of
          Zhai Jun        Committee, Employee                    Resigned
                                                                               the Supervisory Committee and an
                          Representative Supervisor
                                                                               employee Supervisor of the Company




138
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Notes:
1. On February 8, 2021, the Company considered and approved the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Ke Xiang as a Non-executive Director of the
Fifth Session of the Board of the Company at the first extraordinary general meeting in 2021, and elected Mr. Ke Xiang as a non-executive Director
of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Mr. Ke Xiang has replaced Mr. Xu Qing to serve as a non-executive Director of the fifth session of
the Board of the Company from February 8, 2021 to the end of the term of the current session of the Board.
2. On June 22, 2021, the Resolution on the Election of an Independent Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company
was considered and approved at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Ms. Au King Chi was elected as an
independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. Ms. Au King Chi has replaced Mr. Lee Chi Ming to serve as
an independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company from June 22, 2021, and her term of office shall be ended
at the end of the term of the current session of the Board. Upon the retirement of Mr. Lee Chi Ming, the Audit Committee of the Board of the
Company only comprises two members, which temporarily shall not comply with the Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules that (i) the Audit Committee
shall have at least three members, (ii) the majority of its members shall be independent non-executive directors and (iii) the chairman shall
be an independent non-executive director as required. Save for the above, the retirement of Mr. Lee Chi Ming did not cause the number of


                                                                                                                                                                About Us
members of the Board of the Company to fall below the statutory minimum quorum, and did not affect the normal operation of the Company
and the Board of the Company. On June 29, 2021, the seventeenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company has considered and
approved the Resolution in relation to the proposal on adjustment to the composition of certain special committees under the fifth session of
the Board of the Company. After the adjustment to the composition of the Audit Committee, the Audit Committee of the Board of the Company
comprises three members, which has fully complied with the requirements of the three aforementioned rules.
3. On October 29, 2021, the Supervisory Committee of the Company received the written resignation application from Mr. Zhai Jun, the chairman
of the Supervisory Committee and the Employee Representative Supervisor. Due to the change of work arrangement, Mr. Zhai Jun has tendered
his resignation as the Chairman of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee and the Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company.
On the same day, the Supervisory Committee of the Company received a Notice on the Election Results for New Employee Representative
Supervisor of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory Committee from the Employee Representatives’ Meeting of the Company, at which Ms. Wang
Juan was elected as the Employee Representative Supervisor for the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. Ms. Wang Juan




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
replaced Mr. Zhai Jun from October 29, 2021 in performing the duties of Employee Representative Supervisor of the fifth session of the Supervisory
Committee of the Company, until the end of the term of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee. On the same day, the Company
convened the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee and resolved to elect Mr. Gu Chengzhong as the Chairman of




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. Mr. Gu Chengzhong replaced Mr. Zhai Jun from October 29, 2021 in performing
the duties of the Chairman of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, until the end of the term of the fifth session of the
Supervisory Committee.


Save as disclosed above, the Company did not appoint or dismiss any Director, Supervisor and senior
management during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, there is no change of information about the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executives which shall be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
(V) As of the end of the Reporting Period, none of the incumbent Directors,
Supervisors and senior management or Directors, Supervisors or senior
management who resigned from office during the Reporting Period had been
subject to any penalty imposed by the securities regulatory authorities during the
last three years




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                       139
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          V. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD CONVENED DURING THE REPORTING
          PERIOD
                          Convening
          Meeting         date      Meeting form and place                       Meeting motion                                                               Status

          The Twelfth                                                                                                                                      The resolution
                                                                                 To consider the resolution on the Establishment of Industrial Fund by
          Meeting of the January                                                                                                                           was
                                      By means of teleconference                 Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
          Fifth Session of 29, 2021                                                                                                                        considered
                                                                                 Company.
          the Board                                                                                                                                        and approved

          The Thirteenth                                                                                                                                      The resolution
          Meeting of the February                                                To consider the resolution on Adjustment to the Composition of Certain       was
                                      By means of teleconference
          Fifth Session of 8, 2021                                               Special Committees of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company.         considered
          the Board                                                                                                                                           and approved

                                                                                   1. To consider the 2020 Work Report of the Senior Management of the
                                                                                   Company;
                                                                                   2. To consider the 2020 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                                                                   3. To consider the 2021 Financial Budget Report of the Company;
                                                                                   4. To consider the proposal on the 2020 profit distribution of the
                                                                                   Company;
                                                                                   5. To consider the resolution on the Provision for Impairment of Assets;
                                                                                   6. To consider the 2020 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                                                                   7. To consider the resolution on the 2020 Annual Report of the Company;
                                                                                   8. To consider the resolution on the 2020 Annual Compliance Report of
                                                                                   the Company;
                                                                                   9. To consider the resolution on the 2020 Annual Risk Management Report
                                                                                   of the Company;
                                                                                   10. To consider the resolution on the 2020 Annual Internal Control
                                     By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                                                                   Evaluation Report of the Company;
                                     Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                                                                   11. To consider the resolution on the Special Report on Information
                                     12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                                                                   Technology Management of the Company for 2020;
                                     No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                                                                   12. To consider the resolution on the 2020 Corporate Social Responsibility
                                     Medium Conference Room, Beijing
                                                                                   Report of the Company;
                                     Branch Office of Huatai Securities, Floor 18,
                                                                                   13. To consider the proposal on the estimated ordinary transactions with
                                     Building A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza,
                                                                                   related parties of the Company for 2021;
                                     No. 28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,
          The                                                                      14. To consider the proposal on the estimated investment amount for the
                                     Beijing; Simulated Video Conference                                                                                      All resolutions
          Fourteenth                                                               proprietary business of the Company for 2021;
                           March 23, Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai                                                                                   were
          Meeting of the                                                           15. To consider the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2021;
                           2021      Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,                                                                                considered
          Fifth Session of                                                         16. To consider the resolution on the reappointment of the accounting
                                     Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,                                                                                          and approved
          the Board                                                                firm by the Company;
                                     Shanghai; Simulated Video Conference
                                                                                   17. To consider the Resolution in Relation to the Adjustment to the
                                     Room, Shenzhen Branch Office of Huatai
                                                                                   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;
                                     Securities, 42/F, Fund Mansion, No. 5999
                                                                                   18. To consider the Resolution on Granting Restricted A Shares to the
                                     Yitian Road, Shenzhen; Simulated Video
                                                                                   Incentive Participants;
                                     London Conference Room, Huatai
                                                                                   19. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and Remuneration
                                     Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited,
                                                                                   of Directors of the Company for 2020;
                                     62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central,
                                                                                   20. To consider the Report on Execution of Duty, Performance Assessment
                                     Hong Kong.
                                                                                   and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company for 2020;
                                                                                   21. To consider the resolution on convening the 2020 Annual General
                                                                                   Meeting of the Company;
                                                                                   22. Debriefing of the Work Report of Independent Directors of the
                                                                                   Company for 2020;
                                                                                   23. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit
                                                                                   Committee of the Board of the Company for 2020;
                                                                                   24. Debriefing of the Work Report of the Chief Compliance Officer of the
                                                                                   Company for 2020;
                                                                                   25. Debriefing of the Work Report on Anti-money Laundering of the
                                                                                   Company for 2020;
                                                                                   26. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2020;
                                                                                   27. Review of the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control Indicators
                                                                                   of the Company for 2020.




140
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                Convening
Meeting         date      Meeting form and place                        Meeting motion                                                               Status

                            By means of onsite & video meetings.
                            Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                            12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                            No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                            Conference Room No. 3, Research
                            Institute, Beijing Branch Office of Huatai
                            Securities, Floor 9, Building A, China Pacific
                            Insurance Plaza, No. 28 Fengsheng Alley,
The Fifteenth               Xicheng District, Beijing; Simulated Video 1. To consider the resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company    All resolutions
Meeting of the April 29,    Conference Room, Shanghai Branch               for 2021;                                                                 were
Fifth Session of 2021       Office of Huatai Securities, Floor 25, Poly    2. To consider the resolution on Using Part of the Shares of Bank of      considered
the Board                   Plaza, No. 18, Dongfang Road, Pudong           Jiangsu Co., Ltd. as Deposits for Margin and Securities Refinancing.      and approved
                            New Area, Shanghai; Simulated Video

                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                            Conference Room, Shenzhen Branch
                            Office of Huatai Securities, 42/F, Fund
                            Mansion, No. 5999 Yitian Road, Shenzhen;
                            Simulated Video London Conference
                            Room, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
                            Kong) Limited, 62/F, The Center, 99
                            Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.

The Sixteenth                                                           1. To consider the proposal on the election of independent non-executive     All resolutions
Meeting of the May 20,                                                  Directors of the fifth session of the Board of the Company;                  were
                            By means of teleconference
Fifth Session of 2021                                                   2. To consider the proposal to increase the agenda for the 2020 Annual       considered
the Board                                                               General Meeting of the Company.                                              and approved

The



                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                        1. To consider the resolution on the “14th Five-Year” Strategic Development All resolutions
Seventeenth
                 June 29,                                               Plan of the Company;                                                        were
Meeting of the              By means of teleconference
                 2021                                                   2. To consider the resolution on Adjustment to the Composition of Certain considered
Fifth Session of
                                                                        Special Committees of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company.        and approved



                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
the Board

                          By means of onsite & video meetings.
                          Address: Large Conference Room,
                          Floor 12, Building 1, Huatai Securities
                          Square, No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road,
                          Nanjing; Conference Room No. 3, Huatai
                          Securities, Floor 9, Building A, China Pacific
                          Insurance Plaza, No. 28 Fengsheng Alley,
                          Xicheng District, Beijing; Simulated Video
The Eighteenth                                                                                                                                       The resolution
                          Conference Room, Shanghai Branch               1. To consider the resolution on the 2021 Interim Report of the Company;
Meeting of the August 27,                                                                                                                            was
                          Office of Huatai Securities, Floor 25, Poly    2. Examination on the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control
Fifth Session of 2021                                                                                                                                considered
                          Plaza, No. 18, Dongfang Road, Pudong           Indicators of the Company for the First Half of 2021.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
the Board                                                                                                                                            and approved
                          New Area, Shanghai; Simulated Video
                          Conference Room, Shenzhen Branch
                          Office of Huatai Securities, 42/F, Fund
                          Mansion, No. 5999 Yitian Road, Shenzhen;
                          Simulated Video Beijing Conference
                          Room, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
                          Kong) Limited, 62/F, The Center, 99
                          Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.

                            By means of onsite & video meetings.
                            Address: Large Conference Room,
                            Floor 12, Building 1, Huatai Securities
                            Square, No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road,
                            Nanjing; Conference Room No. 3, Huatai
                            Securities, Floor 9, Building A, China Pacific
                            Insurance Plaza, No. 28 Fengsheng Alley,
The                         Xicheng District, Beijing; Simulated Video
                                                                                                                                                     The resolution




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Nineteenth                  Conference Room, Shanghai Branch
                 October                                                   To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the Company   was
Meeting of the              Office of Huatai Securities, Floor 25, Poly
                 29, 2021                                                  for 2021.                                                                 considered
Fifth Session of            Plaza, No. 18, Dongfang Road, Pudong
                                                                                                                                                     and approved
the Board                   New Area, Shanghai; Simulated Video
                            Conference Room, Shenzhen Branch




                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
                            Office of Huatai Securities, 42/F, Fund
                            Mansion, No. 5999 Yitian Road, Shenzhen;
                            Simulated Video Singapore Conference
                            Room, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
                            Kong) Limited, 42/F, The Center, 99
                            Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.

                                                                        1. To consider the resolution on the establishment of a foundation;
The Twentieth                                                           2. To consider the resolution on the amendments to the Administrative       All resolutions
Meeting of the December                                                 Measures for External Donations of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;             were
                         By means of teleconference
Fifth Session of 1, 2021                                                3. To consider the resolution on the acquisition of 100% equity interest in considered
the Board                                                               Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and Management Co., Ltd. ( 上海盛鉅資 and approved
                                                                        產經營管理有限公司 ).


Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Board can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
(http:// www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.com.cn)
and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




                                                                                                                                                                       141
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VI. MEETINGS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE CONVENED
          DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                         Convening
          Meeting        date      Meeting form and place                     Meeting motion                                                                    Status

          The Seventh
                                                                                                                                                               The
          Meeting
                                     By means of on-site meeting.                                                                                              resolution
          of the Fifth                                                         To consider the resolution on the Publicity and the Verification Opinion of the
                       February      Small Conference Room, Floor 12,                                                                                          was
          Session                                                              Incentive Participants of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares
                       2, 2021       Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No.                                                                                 considered
          of the                                                               of the Company.
                                     228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing.                                                                                       and
          Supervisory
                                                                                                                                                               approved
          Committee

                                                                             1. To consider the 2020 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee;
                                                                             2. To consider the proposal on the 2020 Profit Distribution of the Company;
                                                                             3. To consider the resolution on the Provision for Impairment of Assets;
                                                                             4. To consider the resolution on the 2020 Annual Report of the Company;
          The Eighth
                                                                             5. To consider the resolution on the 2020 Annual Internal Control Evaluation All
          Meeting
                                   By means of on-site meeting.              Report of the Company;                                                        resolutions
          of the Fifth
                         March 23, Small Conference Room, Floor 12,          6. To consider the Resolution in Relation to the Adjustment to the Restricted were
          Session
                         2021      Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No. Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;                            considered
          of the
                                   228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing. 7. To consider the Resolution on Granting Restricted A Shares to the Incentive and
          Supervisory
                                                                             Participants;                                                                 approved
          Committee
                                                                             8. To consider the Report on the Performance Assessment and Remuneration
                                                                             of Supervisors of the Company for 2020;
                                                                             9. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2020;
                                                                             10. Debriefing of the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2021.

          The Ninth
                                                                                                                                                                The
          Meeting
                                     By means of on-site meeting.                                                                                               resolution
          of the Fifth
                         April 29,   Small Conference Room, Floor 12,          To consider the resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company for      was
          Session
                         2021        Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No. 2021.                                                                            considered
          of the
                                     228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing.                                                                                        and
          Supervisory
                                                                                                                                                                approved
          Committee

          The Tenth
                                                                                                                                                                The
          Meeting
                                    By means of on-site meeting.                                                                                                resolution
          of the Fifth
                         August 27, Small Conference Room, Floor 12,                                                                                            was
          Session                                                             To consider the resolution on the 2021 Interim Report of the Company.
                         2021       Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No.                                                                                   considered
          of the
                                    228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing.                                                                                         and
          Supervisory
                                                                                                                                                                approved
          Committee

          The Eleventh
                                                                                                                                                                All
          Meeting
                                     By means of on-site meeting.              1. To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the Company       resolutions
          of the Fifth
                       October       Small Conference Room, Floor 12,          for 2021;                                                                        were
          Session
                       29, 2021      Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No. 2. To consider the resolution on the election of chairman of the Fifth Session   considered
          of the
                                     228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing. of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.                                           and
          Supervisory
                                                                                                                                                                approved
          Committee



           Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Supervisory Committee can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock
           Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www. hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.
           com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




142
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
VII. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF DIRECTORS
(I) Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings and General Meetings

                                                                                                                             Attendance
                                                            Attendance at Board meetings                                      at general
                                                                                                                               meetings

                                                                                                            Whether
                       Whether
                                                                                                           or not he/
                      or not he/
 Name of                            Times of                                                                      she
                       she is an
 Director                        attendance                                                                  failed to          Times of
                   independent                                Attendance

                                                                                                                                                       About Us
                                    at Board Attendance                  Attendance                       attend the         attendance
                        Director                             by means of                         Absence
                                   meetings     in person                   by proxy                      meeting in          at general
                                                          teleconference
                                       during                                                              person for          meetings
                                     the year                                                                     two
                                                                                                         consecutive
                                                                                                                times

 Zhang Wei                    No               9             9               5              –           –              No                2

 Zhou Yi                      No               9             9               5              –           –              No                –

 Ding Feng                    No               9              7              5              2           –              No                 1

 Chen
                              No               9             6               5              3           –              Yes               2          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
 Yongbing

 Ke Xiang                     No               8              7              4               1          –              No                –

 Hu Xiao                      No               9              7              5              2           –              No                –

 Wang Tao                     No               9             6               5              3           –              Yes               –

 Zhu Xuebo                    No               9             9               5              –           –              No                 1




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
 Chen
                             Yes               9             9               5              –           –              No                 1
 Chuanming

 Liu Yan                     Yes               9              7              5              2           –              No                –

 Chen Zhibin                 Yes               9             9               5              –           –              No                 1

 Wang
                             Yes               9             9               5              –           –              No                2
 Jianwen

 Au King Chi                 Yes               4             4                2             –           –              No                –




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
 Xu Qing                      No                1             1               1             –           –              No                –

 Lee Chi Ming                Yes               5             5                3             –           –              No                –




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
Explanation on Directors who failed to attend the Board meetings in person twice in succession
During the Reporting Period, Mr. Chen Yongbing and Mr. Wang Tao failed to attend the Board meetings in person for two consecutive times due
to business engagement but appointed other Directors in writing to exercise the voting rights on their behalf.



Number of Board meetings held within the year                                                                      9

Of which: Number of on-site meetings                                                                               -

            Number of meetings held by teleconference                                                              5

            Number of meetings held on-site and via teleconference                                                 4




                                                                                                                                              143
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) No Objections Raised by Directors to Relevant Matters of the Company

          (III) Others

          1. Board of Directors and the Operation Management

          (1) Composition of the Board

          According to the relevant regulations of the Articles of Association, the Board shall be composed of 13
          Directors, with the number of independent Directors accounting for at least 1/3 of the total number. On
          December 16, 2019, the fifth session of the Board was elected in the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting in 2019. During the Reporting Period, as considered and approved at the first extraordinary general
          meeting in 2021 and the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company made adjustments
          to the fifth Board members. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 13 members in the Board,
          including 3 executive Directors (Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Zhou Yi, Mr. Zhu Xuebo), 5 non-executive Directors (Mr.
          Ding Feng, Mr. Chen Yongbing, Mr. Ke Xiang, Ms. Hu Xiao, Mr. Wang Tao) and 5 independent non-executive
          Directors (Mr. Chen Chuanming, Ms. Liu Yan, Mr. Chen Zhibin, Mr. Wang Jianwen, Ms. Au King Chi).

          The Directors are elected or changed via the general meeting and shall formally take office from the date
          on which their appointments are approved by the general meeting. A Director shall serve a term of three
          years. Directors are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of their terms. However, the successive terms
          of independent non-executive Directors may not be more than 6 years. According to relevant regulations
          of Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has received the annual written confirmation
          from each independent non-executive Director with regards to his/her independence. Based on these
          confirmations and the relevant information available to the Board, the Company continues to confirm their
          independence.

          The Company covered liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other
          related staff held responsible according to the authorization of the 2014 annual general meeting, to protect
          them from the compensation liabilities that may arise from performing their duties and to reasonably avoid
          management risk and legal risk which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed
          to, and to encourage them to earnestly fulfill their duties and responsibilities.

          (2) Duties and Responsibilities of the Board

          The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and is accountable to the general meeting.
          According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall exercise the following major functions and powers: to
          convene general meetings and report work to general meetings; to carry out the resolutions of the general
          meetings; to resolve on the business & investment plans of the Company; to prepare annual financial
          budget plan and final accounting plan of the Company; to prepare profit distribution plan and loss remedy
          plan of the Company; to formulate proposals of the Company on increasing or decreasing the registered
          capital, issuing bonds or other securities and the listing plan; to formulate plans for material acquisition,
          purchase of shares of the Company, merger, division, dissolution or transformation of the Company; to
          determine, within the authority granted by the general meeting, such matters as external investment,
          acquisition and disposal of assets, asset mortgage, external guarantee, entrusted wealth management,
          related-party transactions, etc.; to decide on the establishment of the Company’s internal management
          organizations; to appoint or dismiss the Company’s chief executive officer and secretary to the Board; to
          appoint or dismiss other senior management of the Company including member of Executive Committee,
          chief financial officer, chief compliance officer, chief risk officer and chief information officer according to
          the nominations by the president, and to decide the matters on their remuneration and rewards as well
          as penalties; to set up the basic management system of the Company; to formulate the proposals for any
          amendment to the Articles of Association; to manage the Company’s information disclosure; to propose to
          the general meeting the appointment or replacement of the accounting firms which provide audit services
          for the Company; to listen to the work reports of the Executive Committee and review its work; to decide
          the Company’s compliance management objectives and assume the responsibility for the effectiveness




144
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
of compliance management, including but not limited to: considering and approving the basic system for
compliance management and the annual compliance report, evaluating the effectiveness of compliance
management, urging to solve problems in compliance management, establishing the mechanism for direct
communication with the chief compliance officer, guaranteeing the chief compliance officer’s assessment
on the senior management, various departments and branches, subsidiaries at all levels, Compliance
Department and compliance management personnel; to formulate the risk control system of the Company;
to determine Directors’ remunerations and distribution plan thereof; to decide to purchase Company’s
shares due to the circumstances specified in the Articles of Association of the Company; and to exercise
other functions and powers authorized by laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules or the Articles
of Association.

(3) Duties and Responsibilities of the Operation Management                                                              About Us

The Board is responsible for overall strategies and governance of the Company, and the Operation
Management is responsible for the concrete implementation of the development strategies and
policies passed by the Board as well as the daily operation and management of the Company. The
Operation Management is the supreme operation management body established by the Company
for implementation of the routes and policies determined by the Board, and shall exercise the following
functions and powers according to the Articles of Association: to carry out Company’s operation policies


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
determined by the Board and decide on material matters during the operation and management of
the Company; to formulate and implement the financial budget plan of the Company; to formulate final


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
accounting plan, profit distribution plan and loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate the registered
capital change plans and bonds insurance plans of the Company; to formulate plans for merger, division,
change and dissolution of the Company; to formulate Company’s business plans and plans for investment,
financing and disposal of assets, and report to the Board for approval according to authorization; to
formulate Company’s plan for establishment of internal management bodies; to prepare and approve the
employee benefits plans and promotion and demotion plans; and to exercise other functions and powers
authorized by the Board.




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
(4) Implementation by the Board of Resolutions Passed at General Meetings

1) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
Issuance of Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2020]
No. 2057) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued nine tranches of corporate bonds totaling RMB38.5
billion during the Reporting Period.

2) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, Pioneer Reward Limited, a



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
subsidiary of Huatai International (an overseas wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) issued one
tranche of USD bonds totaling USD1.4 billion.

3) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by the Notice on the Matter regarding
Maximum Outstanding Balance of Short-term Debentures of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Yin Shi Chang [2019]
No. 132) from the Financial Market Department of the People’s Bank of China, during the Reporting Period, the
Company issued six tranches of short-term debentures in aggregate with totaling RMB20 billion.

4) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
Issuance of Subordinated Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
[2020] No. 2599) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued one tranche of subordinated bonds totaling




                                                                                                                145
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          RMB9 billion during the Reporting Period.

          5) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
          Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors
          (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2021] No. 2918) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued three tranches of perpetual
          subordinated corporate bonds totaling RMB10 billion during the Reporting Period.

          6) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
          Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian
          Xu Ke [2020] No. 1904) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued ten tranches of short-term corporate
          bonds totaling RMB40 billion during the Reporting Period.

          7) On February 8, 2021, a series of resolutions including the Resolution on the Restricted Share Incentive
          Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary was considered and approved
          at the Company’s first extraordinary general meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, the Company
          completed the registration for the grant of restricted A Shares during the Reporting Period.

          8) On June 22, 2021, the Resolution on the 2020 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company was considered and
          approved at the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting. According to the resolution, during the Reporting
          Period, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB4.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
          Company’s existing total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting the A Shares deposited in the
          special account for securities repurchase and temporarily not used in the equity incentive scheme, with the
          total cash dividend of RMB3,612,548,602.00. During the Reporting Period, the profit distribution plan has been
          completed.

          9) On June 22, 2021, the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the
          Company for 2021 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting. For
          details of the actual performance of ordinary transactions with related parties of the Company during the
          Reporting Period according to the resolution, please refer to “Material Related-party Transactions” under
          “Major Events” in this report.

          10) On June 22, 2021, the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount of the Company’s Proprietary
          Business for 2021 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting. According
          to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, related business indicators of the Company were controlled
          within the authorized scope of the shareholders’ general meeting.

          11) On June 22, 2021, Resolution on the Re-appointment of the Accounting Firm of the Company was
          considered and approved at the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting. According to the resolution,
          during the Reporting Period, the Company continued to appoint KPMG Huazhen LLP to handle 2021 annual
          financial statements and internal control auditing services for the Company and its holding subsidiaries,
          and to issue the audit report of A shares, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; the Company
          also appointed KPMG for auditing services of H Shares for the Company, and to issue the audit report of H
          Shares.

          (5) Training of Directors

          Trainings are provided to Directors on an on-going basis. The Company attaches great importance
          to the ongoing training of Directors, to ensure that the Directors form an appropriate understanding of
          the operation of the Company and its business and they understand their duties and responsibilities as
          directors as required by the CSRC, the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and as
          stipulated in the Articles of Association and other relevant laws and regulatory requirements. During the
          Reporting Period, the Company’s Directors attached great importance to updating professional knowledge
          and skills, to adapt to the needs of the development of the Company. In addition to participation in regular
          trainings held by regulatory organizations and self-regulatory organizations and complete required ongoing




146
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
trainings, the Office of the Board also prepared the Work Newsletter of the Company regularly and sent it
to the Directors to enable them to understand the latest policies and regulations and industrial trends and
enhance their knowledge and understanding of the culture and operation of the Company. In addition,
the Company continuously improved the internal work procedures, established the multi-level information
communication mechanism, and set up the information communication platform, in order to ensure the
access to information for Directors to perform their duties and constantly improve their overall performance
capability.


During the Reporting Period, the main trainings of the Directors of the Company were as follows:


                                                                                                                          About Us
Director                                                                                      Training
Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                        Location

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                      Jiangsu Securities   Topics on “key minority” for listed

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      Regulatory Bureau,   companies – training on non-compliance
           2021-05-26                                                                (network video
                      Jiangsu Association cases including insider dealing and market
                                                                                     training)

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                      for Public Companies manipulation

Zhang                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
Wei                                            Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                             Training on non-compliance cases of
                        Financial Reporting




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
           2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Council of Hong Kong
                                             on the Stock Exchange

                                               Training on regulations in relation to stock
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.
                                               senior management

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               Hong Kong capital market

Zhou Yi                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
           2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                             Training on non-compliance cases of
                        Financial Reporting
           2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Council of Hong Kong
                                             on the Stock Exchange

                                               Training on regulations in relation to stock
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.
                                               senior management




                                                                                                                 147
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                      Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                        Location

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

                                  Jiangsu Securities
                                                       Training on special ratification of              Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,
                     2021-11-05                        non-compliance in relation to stock              (network video
          Ding                    Jiangsu Association
                                                       transactions                                     training)
          Feng                    for Public Companies

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

                                                       Training on non-compliance cases of
                                  Financial Reporting
                     2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Council of Hong Kong
                                                       on the Stock Exchange

                                                         Training on regulations in relation to stock
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.
                                                         senior management

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market
          Chen                                           Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
          Yongbing 2021-11-17     Clifford Chance
                                                         Hong Kong capital market
                                                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu


                                                       Training on non-compliance cases of
                                  Financial Reporting
                     2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Council of Hong Kong
                                                       on the Stock Exchange

                                                         Training on regulations in relation to stock
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.
                                                         senior management

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

          Ke Xiang                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         Hong Kong capital market

                                  Jiangsu Securities
                                                       Training on special ratification of              Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Regulatory Bureau,
                     2021-11-05                        non-compliance in relation to stock              (network video
                                  Jiangsu Association
                                                       transactions                                     training)
                                  for Public Companies




148
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Director                                                                                      Training
Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                        Location

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                        Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                             Training on non-compliance cases of
                        Financial Reporting
           2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Nanjing, Jiangsu
Ke Xiang                Council of Hong Kong
                                             on the Stock Exchange

                                               Training on regulations in relation to stock
                        Huatai Securities Co.,

                                                                                                                          About Us
           2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.
                                               senior management

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Shanghai
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Shanghai
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Shanghai

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                               Hong Kong capital market

Hu Xiao                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Shanghai

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                             Training on non-compliance cases of
                        Financial Reporting
           2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Shanghai
                        Council of Hong Kong
                                             on the Stock Exchange

                                               Training on regulations in relation to stock
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Shanghai
                        Ltd.
                                               senior management




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Shenzhen
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Shenzhen
                                               Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Shenzhen
                                               Hong Kong capital market
Wang                                           Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
Tao        2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Shenzhen
                                               Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                             Training on non-compliance cases of
                        Financial Reporting
           2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Shenzhen
                        Council of Hong Kong
                                             on the Stock Exchange




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                               Training on regulations in relation to stock
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Shenzhen
                        Ltd.
                                               senior management

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Shenzhen
                                               Hong Kong capital market

Zhu                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Shenzhen
Xuebo                                          Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Shenzhen
                                               Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                 149
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                       Training
          Name        Date         Organizer              Content                                        Location

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Shenzhen
                                                          Hong Kong capital market

                                                        Training on non-compliance cases of
                                   Financial Reporting
          Zhu         2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Shenzhen
                                   Council of Hong Kong
          Xuebo                                         on the Stock Exchange

                                                          Training on regulations in relation to stock
                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                      2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Shenzhen
                                   Ltd.
                                                          senior management

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          Hong Kong capital market

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          Hong Kong capital market

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          Hong Kong capital market

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          Hong Kong capital market
          Chen
          Chuanming                                     Training on non-compliance cases of
                                   Financial Reporting
                      2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Council of Hong Kong
                                                        on the Stock Exchange

                                                          Training on regulations in relation to stock
                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                      2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.
                                                          senior management

                                                         Training on legal liabilities and risk          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   China Association for
                      2021-12-17                         precaution for independent directors of         (network video
                                   Public Companies
                                                         listed companies                                training)

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Beijing
                                                          Hong Kong capital market

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                        Beijing
                                                          Hong Kong capital market

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                        Beijing
                                                          Hong Kong capital market

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                      2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Beijing
                                                          Hong Kong capital market
          Liu Yan
                                                        Training on non-compliance cases of
                                   Financial Reporting
                      2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Beijing
                                   Council of Hong Kong
                                                        on the Stock Exchange

                                                          Training on regulations in relation to stock
                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                      2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Beijing
                                   Ltd.
                                                          senior management

                                                         Training on legal liabilities and risk
                                   China Association for                                                 Beijing (network
                      2021-12-17                         precaution for independent directors of
                                   Public Companies                                                      video training)
                                                         listed companies




150
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Director                                                                                       Training
Name       Date          Organizer              Content                                        Location

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                Hong Kong capital market

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                Hong Kong capital market

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                Hong Kong capital market

                                                                                                                           About Us
           2021-11-12                                                                          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Shanghai Stock         Following-up training for independent
           to 2021-11-                                                                         (network video
                         Exchange               directors of listed companies
           19                                                                                  training)
Chen                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
Zhibin     2021-11-17    Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                Hong Kong capital market

                                              Training on non-compliance cases of
                         Financial Reporting
           2021-11-17                         financial statements of companies listed         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Council of Hong Kong

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                              on the Stock Exchange

                                                Training on regulations in relation to stock


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                         Huatai Securities Co.,
           2021-11-23                           transactions by directors, supervisors and     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.
                                                senior management

                                               Training on legal liabilities and risk          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         China Association for
           2021-12-17                          precaution for independent directors of         (network video
                         Public Companies
                                               listed companies                                training)

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-02-23 Clifford Chance                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-04-23 Clifford Chance                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                Hong Kong capital market

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                Hong Kong capital market

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-11-17    Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                Hong Kong capital market
Wang
Jianwen                                       Training on non-compliance cases of
                         Financial Reporting
           2021-11-17                         financial statements of companies listed         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Council of Hong Kong



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                              on the Stock Exchange

                                                Training on regulations in relation to stock
                         Huatai Securities Co.,
           2021-11-23                           transactions by directors, supervisors and     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                                senior management

                                               Training on legal liabilities and risk          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         China Association for
           2021-12-17                          precaution for independent directors of         (network video
                         Public Companies
                                               listed companies                                training)

                      Hong Kong Securities
                                           Training on latest regulatory policies of
           2021-06-16 and Investment                                                           Hong Kong
Au King                                    Hong Kong banking system
                      Institute
Chi
                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
           2021-07-06 Clifford Chance                                                         Hong Kong
                                                Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                  151
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                      Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                        Location

                     2021-07-07                          Qualification training for independent         Hong Kong
                                 Shanghai Stock
                     to 2021-07-                         directors of companies listed on the Main      (network video
                                 Exchange
                     09                                  Board                                          training)

                                Hong Kong Securities
                                                     Relevant policies and measures of Hong
                     2021-08-06 and Investment                                                          Hong Kong
                                                     Kong International Finance Centre
                                Institute

                     2021-10-22
                                  Practising             Training on macro environment, regulation
                     and 2021-                                                                     Hong Kong
                                  Governance Limited     updates and ESG etc.
                     10-29

          Au King                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in the
                     2021-11-17   Clifford Chance                                                      Hong Kong
          Chi                                            Hong Kong capital market

                                                       Training on non-compliance cases of
                                  Financial Reporting
                     2021-11-17                        financial statements of companies listed         Hong Kong
                                  Council of Hong Kong
                                                       on the Stock Exchange

                                                         Training on regulations in relation to stock
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2021-11-23                          transactions by directors, supervisors and     Hong Kong
                                  Ltd.
                                                         senior management

                                                        Training on legal liabilities and risk          Hong Kong
                                  China Association for
                     2021-12-17                         precaution for independent directors of         (network video
                                  Public Companies
                                                        listed companies                                training)



          2. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are two different positions, and according to the provisions of the
          Articles of Association, the chairman is the legal representative of the Company, responsible for managing
          the operations of the Board, ensuring that the Board acts in compliance with the best interests of the
          Company, ensuring the effective operation of the Board, ensuring that the Board has fulfilled its due duties
          and discussions about all significant and appropriate matters are held so that Directors get accurate, timely
          and explicit data. Chief Executive Officer manages the daily work of the Company, attends Board meetings,
          reports to the Board and exercises the functions and powers according to the responsibility scope of the
          Chief Executive Officer.

          According to provisions of Rule A.2.1 (renumbered as Rule C.2.1 with effect from January 1, 2022) of Corporate
          Governance Code, the roles of the chairman and chief executive shall be separate and should not be
          performed by the same individual at the same time. On December 16, 2019, at the first meeting of the
          fifth session of the Board, the Company elected Mr. Zhang Wei as the chairman of the fifth session of the
          Board and continued to hire Mr. Zhou Yi as the Chief Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Executive
          Committee of the Company. The Board thinks that this management structure is effective and has enough
          checks and balances for the Company’s operation.

          3. Non-executive Directors

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 5 non-executive Directors and 5 independent non-
          executive Directors. For details of their terms of office, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure
          and remuneration of current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
          Reporting Period” under “Directors, Supervisors and senior management” under “Corporate Governance” in
          this report.




152
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
4. Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors

(1) Works regarding periodic reports

In the annual report compilation process, all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have
performed full duties according to the requirements of the CSRC and the provisions of the Working System
for Independent Directors of the Company.

On January 19, 2021, at the first meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2021, the
Audit Committee listened to the report on the arrangement of audit progress of the audit work in 2020, the
focus of annual audit and the situation of pre-audit made by relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP,

                                                                                                                            About Us
and made discussion and communication with relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP. Two out of the
three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who put forward opinions
and suggestions to the supplement and perfection of the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2020 from
different perspectives in their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive
Directors.

On February 26, 2021, at the second meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2021,
the Audit Committee considered and approved the Resolution on the Auditing Plan of the Company for
2020. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
examined the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2020 from different perspectives in their roles as members
of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
On March 19, 2021, at the third meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2021, the
Audit Committee examined the Company’s Annual Financial Statement in 2020, Annual Report in 2020,
Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report in 2020, Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee
of the Board in 2020 and Internal Audit Work Plan in 2021, etc., reviewed the “Key Audit Matters” and other
important issues involved in the Company’s 2020 Annual Audit Report, and listened to the report on the
internal audit work of the Company in 2020. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are
independent non-executive Directors, who examined relevant resolutions and gave opinions from different




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
perspectives in their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

On August 3, 2021, at the fifth meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2021, the
Audit Committee listened to the report on the 2021 mid-term review of the Company’s H+G Shares and
the audit plan of the Company’s 2021 A+H+G Share annual report made by relevant personnel from KPMG
Huazhen LLP, and made discussion and communication with relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP.
Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who made
discussions, exchanged views and made comments and suggestions from different perspectives in their
roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

(2) Consideration on related-party transactions




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
On March 23, 2021, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave independent opinions
on the Proposal on the Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2021. They were of the
opinion that the relevant related-party transactions were fair with reference to the market price for pricing




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
the transactions without compromising the interests of the Company and other shareholders; the relevant
related-party transactions were all derived in the ordinary operation of the Company and would help carry
out the businesses of the Company and bring certain income to the Company; the procedures for approval
for relevant related-party transactions complied with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents
as well as the Articles of Association and the Management System for Related-party Transactions of the
Company.

(3) Other performance of duties

On March 23, 2021, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave special clarification
and independent opinions on external guarantees carried out by the Company in 2020, gave special
clarification and independent opinions on fund intercourse between the Company and the controlling




                                                                                                                   153
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          shareholders and other related parties, gave independent opinions on the Proposal on Profit Distribution
          of the Company in 2020, gave independent opinions on Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of
          the Company in 2020, gave independent opinions on the re-appointment of the accounting firm, gave
          independent opinions on the provision for impairment of assets of the Company and gave independent
          opinions on the adjustment to the restricted share incentive scheme of A Shares and the grant thereunder
          of the Company. On May 20, 2021, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave
          independent opinions on the nomination of Ms. Au King Chi as the candidate for an independent non-
          executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company.



          VIII. SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

          (I) Members of the special committees of the Board

          Five special committees, namely, Development Strategy Committee, Compliance and Risk Management
          Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were
          established under the Board, members of which were as follows:

          The Development Strategy Committee (a total of five members): Zhang Wei, Zhou Yi, Chen Yongbing, Hu
          Xiao and Wang Tao and Mr. Zhang Wei is the chairman (convener) of the Development Strategy Committee;

          The Compliance and Risk Management Committee (a total of three members): Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang
          Jianwen and Mr. Zhou Yi is the chairman (convener) of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee;

          The Audit Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors accounting
          for more than 1/2): Chen Zhibin, Ding Feng and Au King Chi and Mr. Chen Zhibin is the chairman (convener)
          of the Audit Committee;

          The Nomination Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors
          accounting for more than 1/2): Chen Chuanming, Zhu Xuebo and Liu Yan and Mr. Chen Chuanming is the
          chairman (convener) of the Nomination Committee;

          The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (a total of three members, all are independent non-executive
          Directors): Chen Chuanming, Liu Yan and Chen Zhibin and Mr. Chen Chuanming is the chairman (convener)
          of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.

          (II) Performance of duties by the special committees of the Board

          1. Development Strategy Committee of the Board

          The major duties of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board include: 1. Understanding and
          grasping the overall situation of the Company’s operation; 2. Understanding, analyzing and grasping the
          current situation of international and domestic industries; 3. Understanding and grasping the relevant
          domestic policies; 4. Studying the short-term, medium-term and long-term development strategies of the
          Company or relevant issues; 5. Providing consultancy advice on the Company’s long-term development
          strategies, major investments, reforms and other major decisions; 6. Considering and approving the special
          research reports on development strategies; 7. Publishing daily research reports in a regular or irregular
          manner; 8. Other duties assigned by the Board.




154
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
During the Reporting Period, the Development Strategy Committee of the Board convened a total of two
meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                           Convening                         Important comments Other conditions on
Session                    date      Meeting contents        and suggestions    execution of duty

                                                              The Development
The first meeting of the              To consider the
                                                              Strategy Committee
Development Strategy                  Resolution on the “14th                      The meeting was
                           June 29,                           considered and
Committee of the fifth                Five-Year” Strategic                         convened by way of
                           2021                               approved the
session of the Board for              Development Plan of                          communication

                                                                                                                   About Us
                                                              resolution at the
2021                                  the Company
                                                              meeting

                                      To consider the
                                      Resolution on
                                      Sponsoring a           The Development
The second meeting
                                      Foundation and         Strategy Committee
of the Development                                                                 The meeting was
                           November   the Resolution on      considered and
Strategy Committee of                                                              convened by way of
                           29, 2021   Amendments to          approved the


                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
the fifth session of the                                                           communication
                                      the Administration     resolutions at the
Board for 2021
                                      Measures for           meeting



                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                                      Donations of Huatai
                                      Securities Co., Ltd.




Attendance of members of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board at the meetings held during
the Reporting Period:




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                        Attendance in person/Number of
Name                                    Position                          meetings requiring attendance

Zhang Wei (chairman and convener)       Chairman                                                    2/2

Zhou Yi                                 Executive Director                                          2/2

Chen Yongbing                           Non-executive Director                                      2/2

Hu Xiao                                 Non-executive Director                                      2/2

Wang Tao                                Non-executive Director                                      2/2




                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                          155
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
          making recommendations on the overall targets and fundamental policies of compliance management
          and risk management; 2. Reviewing and making recommendations on the setup of compliance
          management and risk management bodies and their duties; 3. Evaluating and making recommendations
          on the risks of major decisions which require the Board’s review as well as the solutions to these risks; 4.
          Reviewing and making recommendations on the compliance reports and risk assessment reports that
          require the Board’s review; 5. Other duties prescribed in the Articles of Association.

          During the Reporting Period, the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board convened two
          meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                                                                                                                     Other conditions
                                            Convening                                             Important comments on execution of
          Session                           date      Meeting contents                            and suggestions    duty

                                                             1. To consider the Resolution
                                                             on the Annual Compliance
                                                             Report of the Company in
                                                             2020                          The Compliance and
          The first meeting of the                                                         Risk Management
                                                             2. To consider the                               The meeting
          Compliance and Risk                                                              Committee
                                      March 22,              Resolution on the Annual                         was convened
          Management Committee                                                             considered and
                                      2021                   Risk Management Report of                        by way of
          of the fifth session of the                                                      approved the
                                                             the Company in 2020                              communication
          Board for 2021                                                                   resolutions at the
                                                             3. To consider the Resolution meeting
                                                             on Annual Internal Control
                                                             Evaluation Report of the
                                                             Company in 2020

                                                                                        The Compliance and
          The second meeting of                                                         Risk Management
                                                                                                           The meeting
          the Compliance and Risk                            To consider the Resolution Committee
                                      August 26,                                                           was convened
          Management Committee                               on the Company’s 2021      considered and
                                      2021                                                                 by way of
          of the fifth session of the                        Interim Compliance Report approved the
                                                                                                           communication
          Board for 2021                                                                resolution at the
                                                                                        meeting



          Attendance of members of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee at the meetings held during
          the Reporting Period:


                                                                                                           Attendance in person/Number of
          Name                                                  Position                                     meetings requiring attendance

          Zhou Yi (chairman and convener)                       Executive Director                                                                2/2

          Ke Xiang                                              Non-executive Director                                                            2/2

                                                                Independent non-executive
          Wang Jianwen                                                                                                                            2/2
                                                                Director


           Note: The fifth session of the Board convened the thirteenth meeting on February 8, 2021, and considered and approved the Resolution on the
           Adjustment to the Composition of Certain Special Committees under the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company. According to the resolution,
           Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang Jianwen became members of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee, and Mr. Zhou Yi is the chairman
           (convener) of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee.




156
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
3. Audit Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Board include: 1. Supervising and guiding the audit work.
It shall manage and guide the internal audit work planning and audit team construction, regularly listen
to and review the comprehensive report of audit work, annual audit plan and important audit reports,
make judgements on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the audited financial report, and
submit them to the Board for reviewing. It shall supervise the Company’s financial statement and the
completeness of the Company’s annual report and account, interim report and quarterly report and
review statements as well as major opinions on financial declaration in reports. The Committee shall pay
special attention to the following matters: ① Changes in accounting policies and practices; ② Matters
concerning significant judgment; ③ Significant adjustments due to the audit; ④ Assumptions of on-going
operations of the Company and its qualified opinions; ⑤ Compliance with the accounting standards;                           About Us
and ⑥ Compliance with the listing rules or relevant laws and regulations of the listing place where the
financial reporting shall be made; 2. Proposing the engagement or changing of external audit institutions
and supervising the professional conduct of external audit institutions, so as to ensure the coordination
of internal and external auditors. Moreover, it shall also ensure that the internal audit institution is given
enough resources for operation and appropriate status within the Company and check and supervise its
validity; 3. Considering and putting forward suggestions for the appointment, reappointment, remuneration,
appointment terms and any other issues about the resignation or dismissal of external auditors. It

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
shall hold the position as the main representative between the Company and the external auditor and
supervise their relationship; 4. Discussing with the external auditors about the nature, scope and relevant


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
responsibility of audit and frequently check if the audit procedure is valid and whether the external auditor
is objective and independent before carrying out the audit work; 5. Checking the Explanation Letter on
Audit offered by external auditors to the management and any major doubts put forward by the auditors
to the management about the accounting record, financial account or monitoring system as well as the
response of the management and ensure that the Board can timely reply to issues put forward in the
Explanation Letter on Audit offered by external auditors to the management; 6. Checking and monitoring
the Company’s financial supervision, risk management and internal monitoring system and check the
financial and accounting policies and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries; 7. Discussing




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
the risk management and internal supervision system with the management so as to ensure that the
management has performed its duty and established a valid internal supervision system; studying the
important investigations results and responses of the management related to risk management and
internal supervision system actively or as assigned by the Board of Directors; 8. Reporting the above issues
to the Board; 9. Checking the Company’s following arrangement: Employees of the Company may secretly
raise concerns on irregular conducts about financial reporting, internal monitoring, or other aspects. The
Audit Committee shall ensure that there is appropriate arrangement for the Company to make fair and
independent investigation and take appropriate actions on such issues; 10. Studying other projects defined
by the Board; 11. Other responsibilities according to the Company’s Articles of Association or the Listing rules
or laws and regulations of the place where the Company is listed.




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   157
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the Board convened seven meetings, the details of
          which were as follows:


                        Convening                                   Important comments         Other conditions on
          Session       date      Meeting contents                  and suggestions            execution of duty

                                                                     Committee member
                                                                     Lee Chi Ming inquired
                                                                     about key audit matters
                                                                     and the work focus.
                                                                     Committee member
                                                                     Ding Feng advised
                                                                     the Company to
                                     To listen to the report on the  pay attention to the
          The first                  progress of the audit work in   transfer registration
          meeting of                 2020, the focus of annual audit date of the share
                                                                                               The meeting was
          the Audit                  and the situation of pre-audit  allotment of the Bank
                         January 19,                                                           convened by way
          Committee                  made by relevant personnel      of Jiangsu. Committee
                         2021                                                                  of on-site & video
          of the fifth               from KPMG Huazhen LLP, and to member Chen Zhibin
                                                                                               meetings
          session of the             discuss and communicate with inquired about the
          Board for 2021             relevant personnel from KPMG    audit arrangements
                                     Huazhen LLP                     on subsidiaries in
                                                                     the United States.
                                                                     Relevant personnel
                                                                     of KPMG Huazhen LLP
                                                                     and the Planning and
                                                                     Finance Department
                                                                     of the Company made
                                                                     detailed explanations.

          The second
          meeting of
                                                                    The Audit Committee
          the Audit                 To consider the Resolution                              The meeting was
                         February                                   considered and
          Committee                 on the Auditing Plan of the                             convened by way of
                         26, 2021                                   approved the resolution
          of the fifth              Company for 2020                                        communication
                                                                    at the meeting
          session of the
          Board for 2021




158
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
              Convening                                     Important comments        Other conditions on
Session       date      Meeting contents                    and suggestions           execution of duty

                                                               The Audit Committee
                           1. To consider the Final Financial considered and
                           Report of the Company for 2020 approved the resolutions
                           2. To consider the Financial        at the meeting.
                           Budget Report of the Company Committee member
                           for 2021                            Lee Chi Ming inquired
                           3. To consider the Proposal on      about the impact of the

                                                                                                                     About Us
                           the Profit Distribution Plan of the opening of the domestic
                           Company for 2020                    securities market and
                           4. To consider the Resolution on the recognition of audit
                           the Provision for Impairment of reports by the HKEX and
                           Assets                              advised the Company
                           5. To consider the Resolution on to further improve
                           the Annual Financial Statements the coordination
                           of the Company for 2020             mechanism on internal


                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                           6. To consider the Proposal         audit and external
                           on the Annual Report of the         audit and adopt
                           Company for 2020                    more technologies


                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                           7. To consider the Resolution on to empower audit so
The third
                           the Internal Control Assessment as to provide better
meeting of
                           Report of the Company for 2020 guarantees to the            The meeting was
the Audit
               March 22,   8. To consider the Proposal on      compliance operation    convened by way
Committee
               2021        the Anticipation of Related-Party of the Company.           of on-site & video
of the fifth
                           Transactions of the Company         Committee member        meetings
session of the
                           for 2021                            Ding Feng inquired
Board for 2021




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                           9. To consider the Proposal         about the performance
                           on the Re-appointment of the        growth of AssetMark,
                           Company’s Accounting Firm;          assumptions on
                           10. To consider the Report on       annual budget and
                           Performance of Duties of Audit the audit range of the
                           Committee under the Board of audit department.
                           the Company for 2020                Committee member
                           11. To consider the Work Plan       Chen Zhibin inquired
                           for the Internal Audit of the       about audit expenses,
                           Company for 2021                    audit of related-party
                           12. To review the Important         transactions and the



                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                           Matters Involved in the “Key        target and positioning
                           Audit Matters” as Set Out in        of internal audit.
                           the Annual Audit Report of the      Relevant personnel




                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                           Company for 2020                    of KPMG Huazhen LLP
                           13. Debriefing in Relation to the   and the Planning and
                           Internal Audit Report of the        Finance Department
                           Company for 2020                    of the Company made
                                                               detailed explanations.




                                                                                                            159
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          Convening                                   Important comments       Other conditions on
          Session         date      Meeting contents                  and suggestions          execution of duty

          The fourth
          meeting of
                                      To consider the Resolution on   The Audit Committee
          the Audit                                                                           The meeting was
                         April 28,    the Financial Statements for    considered and
          Committee                                                                           convened by way of
                         2021         January to March 2021 of the    approved the resolution
          of the fifth                                                                        communication
                                      Company                         at the meeting.
          session of the
          Board for 2021

                                                                      The Audit Committee
                                                                      considered and
                                                                      approved the resolution
                                                                      at the meeting.
                                                                      Committee member
                                                                      Ding Feng inquired
                                                                      about the impact of the
                                                                      additional information
                                                                      disclosures from Chinese
                                                                      companies seeking
                                                                      a listing on U.S. stock
                                      To listen to the report on the
                                                                      exchanges by the US
                                      2021 mid-term review of the
          The fifth                                                   Securities and Exchange
                                      Company’s H+G Share and the
          meeting of                                                  Commission. Committee
                                      Company’s 2021 A+H+G Share                               The meeting was
          the Audit                                                   member Au King Chi
                         August 3,    annual audit plan made by                                convened by way
          Committee                                                   advised the Company
                         2021         relevant personnel from KPMG                             of on-site & video
          of the fifth                                                to pay attention to US
                                      Huazhen LLP, and to discuss and                          meetings
          session of the                                              restrictions on overseas
                                      communicate with relevant
          Board for 2021                                              investments by US
                                      personnel from KPMG Huazhen
                                                                      investors and inquired
                                      LLP
                                                                      the margin financing
                                                                      and securities lending
                                                                      department about the
                                                                      disposal of academic
                                                                      course training stocks.
                                                                      Relevant personnel
                                                                      of KPMG Huazhen LLP
                                                                      and the Planning and
                                                                      Finance Department
                                                                      of the Company made
                                                                      detailed explanations.

          The sixth
                                      1. To consider the Resolution on
          meeting of
                                      the Financial Statement of the    The Audit Committee
          the Audit                                                                            The meeting was
                         August 26,   Company in the First Half of 2021 considered and
          Committee                                                                            convened by way of
                         2021         2. To consider the Resolution on approved the resolution
          of the fifth                                                                         communication
                                      Interim Report of the Company at the meeting.
          session of the
                                      in 2021
          Board for 2021




160
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Convening                                                   Important comments               Other conditions on
Session             date      Meeting contents                                  and suggestions                  execution of duty

The seventh
meeting of
                           To consider the Resolution on   The Audit Committee
the Audit                                                                          The meeting was
               October 28, the Financial Statements for    considered and
Committee                                                                          convened by way of
               2021        January to September of 2021 of approved the resolution
of the fifth                                                                       communication
                           the Company                     at the meeting.
session of the
Board for 2021

                                                                                                                                                         About Us

Attendance of the members of the Audit Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting Period is as
follows:


                                                                                                 Attendance in person/Number of
Name                                                  Position                                     meetings requiring attendance



                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                      Independent non-executive
Chen Zhibin (chairman and convener)                                                                                                     7/7
                                                      Director



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Ding Feng                                             Non-executive Director                                                            7/7

                                                      Independent non-executive
Au King Chi                                                                                                                             3/3
                                                      Director

                                                      Independent non-executive
Lee Chi Ming                                                                                                                            4/4
                                                      Director (resigned)




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Note: The fifth session of the Board convened the seventeenth meeting on June 29, 2021, and considered and approved the Resolution on the
Adjustment to the Composition of Certain Special Committees under the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company. According to the resolution,
Chen Zhibin, Ding Feng and Au King Chi became members of the Audit Committee, and Mr. Chen Zhibin is the chairman (convener) of the Audit
Committee.




4. Nomination Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing the structure, headcount
and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least once each year and
making recommendations regarding any proposed changes in the Board in line with the Company’s
strategies; 2. Considering and making suggestions on the criteria and procedures for the selection of



                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Directors and senior management members; 3. Searching for qualified candidates for Director and
senior management, and selecting from the list of candidates nominated by Directors or making
recommendations to the Board; 4. Reviewing and making suggestions on the qualification requirements



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
for Directors and senior management; 5. Assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors; 6. Making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of Directors and
succession planning for Directors (in particular the chairman and the president); 7. Other responsibilities
stipulated in the Articles of Association or as required by the Board.




                                                                                                                                                161
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee of the Board convened two meetings, the details of
          which were as follows:


                              Convening                                   Important comments      Other conditions on
          Session             date      Meeting contents                  and suggestions         execution of duty

                                          To consider the Resolution
          The first meeting
                                          in Relation to the Election     The Nomination
          of the Nomination                                                                         The meeting was
                               May 20,    of an Independent Non-          Committee considered
          Committee of the                                                                          convened by way of
                               2021       executive Director of the       and approved the
          fifth session of the                                                                      communication
                                          Fifth Session of the Board of   resolution at the meeting
          Board for 2021
                                          the Company

          The second
                                          To consider the Resolution in
          meeting of the                                                  The Nomination
                                          Relation to the Election of an                            The meeting was
          Nomination           December                                   Committee considered
                                          Executive Director of the Fifth                           convened by way of
          Committee of the 30, 2021                                       and approved the
                                          Session of the Board of the                               communication
          fifth session of the                                            resolution at the meeting
                                          Company
          Board for 2021




          Attendance of the members of the Nomination Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting
          Period:


                                                                                      Attendance in person/Number of
          Name                                     Position                             meetings requiring attendance

          Chen Chuanming (chairman and             Independent non-executive
                                                                                                                   2/2
          convener)                                Director

          Zhu Xuebo                                Executive Director                                              2/2

                                                   Independent non-executive
          Liu Yan                                                                                                  2/2
                                                   Director




          5. Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
          providing opinions on the appraisal and remuneration management system for Directors and senior
          management, and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s overall policy and structure
          for the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and
          transparent procedure to develop remuneration policy; 2. Reviewing and approving the management’
          remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; 3. Conducting
          assessment on and making recommendations to the Directors and senior management: making
          recommendations on the remuneration packages, including benefits in kind, pensions and compensation
          payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of office or appointment), for
          certain executive Directors and senior management, and making recommendations to the Board on
          the remuneration of non-executive Directors; 4. Considering salaries paid by comparable companies,
          time commitment and responsibilities and engagement condition elsewhere in the Group; 5. Reviewing
          and approving compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or
          termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with the relevant contractual terms.
          In case of inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be fair and not be
          excessive; 6. Reviewing and approving compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal




162
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with the contractual terms. In case of
inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be reasonable and appropriate;
7. Ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in determining their own remuneration; 8.
Other responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association.


During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board convened two
meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                    Convening                                  Important comments        Other conditions on


                                                                                                                           About Us
Session             date      Meeting contents                 and suggestions           execution of duty

                                  1. To consider the Report on
                                  Performance Assessment
The first                         and Remuneration of the
meeting of the                    Directors of the Company in The Remuneration and
Remuneration                      2020                         Appraisal Committee      The meeting was
                     March 22,
and Appraisal                     2. To consider the Report    considered and           convened by way of
                     2021
Committee of the                  on Execution of Duty,        approved the resolutions communication


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
fifth session of the              Performance Assessment       at the meeting
Board for 2021                    and Remuneration of the


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                                  Senior Management of the
                                  Company in 2020

The second
meeting of the                    To consider the Resolution in The Remuneration and
Remuneration                      Relation to the Performance Appraisal Committee       The meeting was
                     August 26,
and Appraisal                     Plan and Target of            considered and          convened by way of
                     2021
Committee of the                  the Company’s Senior          approved the resolution communication




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
fifth session of the              Management for 2021           at the meeting
Board for 2021




Attendance of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee at the meetings held during
the Reporting Period:


                                                                            Attendance in person/Number of
Name                                      Position                            meetings requiring attendance




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Chen Chuanming (chairman and              Independent non-executive
                                                                                                           2/2
convener)                                 Director

                                          Independent non-executive



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Liu Yan                                                                                                    2/2
                                          Director

                                          Independent non-executive
Chen Zhibin                                                                                                2/2
                                          Director




                                                                                                                  163
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IX. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF SUPERVISORS

          The Supervisory Committee is the Company’s supervisory body and is accountable to the Shareholders’
          general meeting. The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the financial activities and
          internal control of the Company, and supervising the legality and compliance of the performance of duties
          by the Board of Directors, operating management and its members in accordance with the Company Law
          and the Articles of Association.

          In 2021, the Supervisory Committee of the Company strictly complied with the relevant provisions of the
          Company Law, the Securities Law and the Company’s Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for
          the Supervisory Committee and other relevant regulations, to conscientiously perform and independently
          exercise the supervisory powers and duties of the Supervisory Committee. In the spirit of being responsible
          to all shareholders, the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the Company’s operating activities,
          financial position, major decisions of the Board of Directors and the legality and compliance of the
          performance of duties by operating management. It actively protects the interests of the Company and the
          shareholders, and escorts the healthy and long-term development of the Company.

          (I) Performance of duties by Supervisors

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company held 5 meetings. For relevant
          information, please refer to “VI. Meetings of the Supervisory Committee Convened During the Reporting
          Period” in this section.

          During the Reporting Period, all the supervisors of the Company attended the meetings of the Supervisory
          Committee, the Board of Directors, and the Shareholders’ general meetings, the details of which were as
          follows:
                                                                                                                         Attendance
                                                                                                                              at the
                                      Attendance at meetings of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                                             general
                                                                                                                            meeting

          Name of                                                                        Whether or not
                        Number of
          Supervisor                                                                      he/ she failed
                       meetings of                                                                         Attendance
                                                    Attendance                             to attend the
                       Supervisory Attendance                      Attendance                                 at Board   Attendance
                                                   in the way of               Absence        meeting in
                       Committee      in person                       by proxy                                meeting          times
                                                teleconference                           person for two
                          requiring
                                                                                             successive
                       attendance
                                                                                                   times

          Gu
                                  5             5             –            –        –               No              4             2
          Chengzhong

          Zhang Ming              5             1             –            4        –              Yes              –             –

          Yu Lanying              5             3             –             2       –               No              2             –

          Zhang
                                  5             4             –             1       –               No              3              1
          Xiaohong

          Fan
                                  5             2             –            3        –              Yes              2             –
          Chunyan

          Wang Ying               5             5             –            –        –               No              4             2

          Wang Juan               1             1             –            –        –               No               1            –

          Zhai Jun                4             3             –             1       –               No              2             2




164
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Number of meetings of Supervisory Committee convened during the year                                                         5

Of which: number of meetings held on-site                                                                                    5

           number of meetings in the way of teleconference                                                                   -

           number of meetings held on-site and in the way of teleconference                                                  -


Note: During the Reporting Period, Mr. Zhang Ming and Ms. Fan Chunyan failed to attend meetings of the Supervisory Committee in person for two
consecutive times due to business engagement but appointed other supervisors in writing to exercise the voting right on their behalf.




(II) Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened 5 meetings in total in the whole year, at                                                 About Us
which 15 proposals and reports were considered. The Supervisors sat in the Board meetings and general
meetings of the Company, monitored the decision-making process on material matters on a real-time
basis, kept abreast of the management’s implementation of the decisions made by the Board through
carefully reading the reports of the Company, including Work Newsletter (monthly) and Brief Report on Audit
Work (quarterly). On this basis, the Supervisory Committee gave independent opinions on the Company’s
relevant matters as follows:



                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
1. Legal operation



                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, the Company was under legal operation in compliance with relevant laws
and regulations such as the Company Law, the Securities Law and the Articles of Association as well as the
requirements of the Company’s systems. Major operational decisions of the Company were reasonable,
and the decision-making procedures were lawful. The Company established a relatively sound internal
management system and internal control system, under which various regulations were effectively
implemented. During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee found no conducts violating laws,
regulations, the Articles of Association or damaging the interests of the Company and its shareholders
made by Directors and senior management of the Company when performing their duties, and there were




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
no material risks in the Company.

2. Financial conditions of the Company

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company regularly convened meetings
of the Supervisory Committee to review quarterly reports, interim reports, annual financial reports, annual
evaluation reports on internal control and other documents of the Company, and checked the business and
financial conditions of the Company. The Supervisory Committee believed that the financial report of the
Company for 2021 had been audited by KPMG Huazhen LLP which had issued a standard audit report without
qualified opinions. The Company’s financial statements were prepared in compliance with the relevant
requirements of the ASBE, which truly reflected the financial conditions and operational achievements of the




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Company. Regular reports were prepared and reviewed in compliance with relevant laws, regulations and
various requirements of the CSRC, the contents of which were true, accurate and complete to reflect the
actual conditions of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
3. Implementation of the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
Confidentiality

The Company established the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period,
the Company carried out the registration and management of insider information in an orderly manner
pursuant to the policies. There were no incidents found in the Company in violation of insider registration
and management and confidentiality obligation.

4. Related-party transactions

During the Reporting Period, the related-party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, and




                                                                                                                                                 165
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          no circumstances impairing interests of the Company and shareholders have been found. When the Board
          of Directors of the Company considered related matters, independent directors expressed independent
          opinions, affiliated directors abstained from voting, and the voting procedures were legal and valid.

          5. Use of funds raised

          1) Under the Approval for Issuance and Admission of Global Depository Receipts on the London Stock
          Exchange plc by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 1993) (《關於核准华泰证券股份有限公
          司發行全球存託憑證並在倫敦證券交易所上市的批覆》( 證監許可 [2018] 1993 號 )) issued by the CSRC, in June 2019,
          the Company completed the issuance of 82,515,000 GDRs in total. After deducting the issuing fees, the net
          funds raised were US$1,651,595,986.28, which was converted into RMB11,313,036,931.20 at the central parity of
          RMB against USD as at the date when the proceeds were received. The abovementioned proceeds have
          been all in place as at June 28, 2019 and have been verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP with the KPMG capital
          verification report (Yan Zi No. 1900393).

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the funds raised from GDR of the Company were used as below:
          RMB3,547,720,085.15 was used to continuously investing in the Company’s current principal businesses,
          developing various business segments including wealth management, institutional services, investment
          management, and promoting its business transformation and upgrade; RMB1,000,000,000.00 was used to
          supplementing working capital and for general corporate purposes; and USD1,013,928,574.46 was used for
          supporting the internal and external growth of international business, and expanding overseas strategic
          layout. As of December 31, 2021, the planned usage of the Company’s funds raised from issuance of GDRs
          was consistent with that disclosed in the GDR prospectus without change. Funds raised from GDR of the
          Company were fully utilized, and deregistration procedures for relevant account have been completed.

          2) During the Reporting Period, the Company successfully issued nine tranches of corporate bonds of
          RMB38.5 billion in total; issued ten tranches of short-term corporate bonds of RMB40 billion in total; issued
          one tranche of subordinated bonds of RMB9 billion; issued three tranches of perpetual subordinated bonds
          of RMB10 billion; issued six tranches of short-term financing bonds with an accumulative scale of RMB20
          billion; issued USD bonds and USD medium-term notes with a total scale of USD1.922 billion. During the
          Reporting Period, the Company issued 3,879 income certificates in total with a scale of RMB66.233 billion. As
          of the end of the Reporting Period, 872 income certificates continued to exist with a scale of RMB15.363 billion.
          All the use of funds raised was consistent with the content disclosed in the prospectus.

          6. Share incentive scheme

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee reviewed the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
          of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft) and relevant information, verified the list of incentive
          participants, subsequent adjustments to the restricted share incentive scheme of A Shares of the Company,
          the list of proposed incentive participants and the satisfaction of conditions for the incentive participants
          to be granted the equity, and expressed its verification opinions. The incentive scheme is beneficial to
          the sustainable development of the Company, and there is no apparent prejudice to the interests of
          the Company and all shareholders. The incentive participants are legally and validly qualified, and the
          procedures are in compliance with laws and regulations.

          7. Review of relevant reports

          1) Written reviews and opinions on the annual report of the Company for 2021 prepared by the Board of
          Directors were as follows:

          The annual report of the Company for 2021 was prepared and reviewed in compliance with the relevant
          laws, regulations and requirements of regulatory authorities, the contents of which were true, accurate and
          complete and could reflect the actual conditions of the Company.

          2) The Supervisory Committee of the Company reviewed the Assessment Report on Internal Control of the
          Company for 2021, and had no objections to the contents therein.




166
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
X. RISKS FOUND BY THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN THE COMPANY

The Supervisory Committee had no objections towards the matters under supervision during the Reporting
Period.



XI. INFORMATION ABOUT THE STAFF OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIE AS AT THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
(I) Information about the staff                                                                                                                             About Us

Number of staff employed by the parent company                                                                                         10,506

Number of staff employed by major subsidiaries                                                                                          3,866

The total number of staff employed                                                                                                      14,372

Number of retired staff of the parent company and its major subsidiaries that


                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                                          226
need to be paid for the cost

                                                        Profession Composition

Profession                                                                                                                Number of staff                 and Strategies

Operation professionals                                                                                                                 9,728

Operation support professionals                                                                                                          1,475

Research and development professionals                                                                                                   3,169




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Total                                                                                                                                   14,372

                                                                 Education

Level of education                                                                                                    Number (persons)

Doctor                                                                                                                                     140

Master                                                                                                                                  5,080

Bachelor                                                                                                                                6,927

Junior college graduate and below                                                                                                         1,351



                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Total                                                                                                                                  13,498




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Note: Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics do not include those of AssetMark. Number of staff
includes dispatched workers and brokers etc.




(II) Remuneration policy

The Company attaches importance to external competitiveness and internal fairness of salary incentive,
and implements a remuneration distribution system based on market standards and weighted by
performance evaluation. Staff remuneration of the Company consists of fixed salary, performance bonus,
share incentive and employee benefits. The Company has established and implemented the restricted
share incentive scheme of A Shares in accordance with national laws and regulations, which established
a sound medium and long-term incentive and restraint mechanism, and created a market-oriented
institutional mechanism and development platform to gather core talents.




                                                                                                                                                   167
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, the Company makes full payments to social insurances and
          housing fund accounts for staff in accordance with laws. Meanwhile, the Company has established the
          supplementary medical insurance plan and enterprise annuity plan to improve supplementary medical
          care and retirement treatment of staff.

          (III) Training programs

          In line with the development trend of industry innovation and transformation, the Company continued
          to centralize its training on the aspects including professional ability, management capability, business
          innovation, technology empowerment and international horizon and its annual training plan was
          implemented smoothly. The Company actively responded to the pandemic and organized and carried out
          various online and offline professional development trainings such as the BAL Star Battle Camp (BAL 星 戰
          營 ) for managers, the HIPO project for potential employees and the HTSC STAR project for new employees.
          It organized business trainings on investment advisory on public and private products, institutional RM
          and compliance with business departments. To support the technology empowerment strategy, the
          Company established digital talent cultivation systems and launched digital talent training programs at
          different levels. Among them, the “HIPO-Talent Program” fintech talent training project is to cultivate leading
          fintech professionals with first-rate professionalism, technological capability and leadership. In addition,
          the Company effectively utilized the cloud learning platform and optimized its functions to improve staff
          experience. It organized 480 live broadcast training sessions on the platform. 1,300,000 participants studied
          through the platform and completed 320,000 hours of learning with an average of 41 hours for each
          participant.

          (IV) No labor outsourcing



          XII. PROPOSAL OF PROFIT DISTRIBUTION OR CAPITALIZATION FROM
          CAPITAL RESERVE
          (I) Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

          Article 262 of the Articles of Association has clarified the Company’s profit distribution policy, the decision-
          making process for the profit distribution plan and the decision-making process for adjustments of the
          profit distribution policy. The policy of the Company’s profit distribution is: “The Company shall focus on
          generating a reasonable investment return to the investors and implements continual and steady policy of
          profit distribution; the Company’s profit distribution shall not exceed the scope of accumulated distributable
          profits nor impair the Company’s continual operational capability; the Company may distribute dividends
          in form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares. Except for the special condition under which
          the Company plans to conduct material investments or make major cash expenses within the next twelve
          months, or other conditions that may result in the fact that the Company fails to comply with the regulatory
          requirements regarding net capital, the Company shall distribute its dividends in form of cash if the
          Company’s profits for the current year and its accumulated non-distributed profits are positive; for the last
          three years, the Company’s accumulated profits distributed in form of cash shall not be less than 30% of
          the annual average distributable profit realized for the last three years; upon the proposal by the Board of
          Directors and approval by the general meeting, an interim dividend distribution may be made in the form
          of cash; the Company may distribute dividends in the form of shares based on the annual profits and cash
          flow status and subject to the satisfaction of the lowest ratio for cash dividend and the reasonableness of
          the Company’s equity scale.”

          For the last three years (including the Reporting Period), the Company did not have any plan or proposal
          regarding capitalization from capital reserve to share capital. The details of the profit distribution plan or
          proposal of ordinary shares of the Company over the last three years (including the Reporting Period) were
          as follows:




168
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
In 2019, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
Company’s total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting the number of shares held in the
special account for repurchase of the Company after the closing of the record date of holders of A Shares
for the profit distribution, with the total cash dividend of RMB2,701,394,989.80, representing 30.01% of net profit
attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2019.

In 2020, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB4.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
Company’s total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting the A Shares deposited in the
Company’s special account for securities repurchase and temporarily not used in the equity incentive
scheme, with the total cash dividend of RMB3,612,548,602.00, representing 33.38% of net profit attributable to


                                                                                                                               About Us
the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2020. According to relevant provisions
of the Guidelines of Self-regulation of Companies Listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 7 – Repurchase of
Shares (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 7 號－回購股份》), the amount of share repurchases effected
by a company in a year shall be deemed as cash dividends and be counted in the calculation of the cash
dividend payout ratio for the year. Accordingly, based on the amount of share repurchases effected by
the Company for 2020 of RMB1,626,402,152.88 (excluding transaction costs), the total cash dividend of the
Company in 2020 amounted to RMB5,238,950,754.88, representing 48.41% of net profit attributable to the
shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2020.



                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
In 2021, after comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the
development of the Company, the 2021 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:



                                                                                                                             and Strategies
1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
Company’s existing total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting 45,278,495 A Shares
deposited in the special account for securities repurchase and 1,060,973 A Shares to be repurchased and
cancelled (i.e. on the basis of 9,030,310,532 shares), with the total cash dividend of RMB4,063,639,739.40 (tax
inclusive), representing 30.45% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a
consolidated basis for 2021. The remaining profit available for distribution to investors will be carried forward
to the next year. According to relevant provisions of the Guidelines of Self-regulation of Companies Listed
on Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 7 – Repurchase of Shares (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 7 號－




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
回購股份》), the amount of share repurchases effected by a company in a year shall be deemed as cash
dividends and be counted in the calculation of the cash dividend payout ratio for the year. Accordingly,
based on the amount of share repurchases effected by the Company for 2021 of RMB48,959,144.00 (excluding
transaction costs), the total cash dividend amounted to RMB4,112,598,883.40, representing 30.81% of net profit
attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2021.

If the total share capital of the Company changes as a result of repurchase and cancellation of shares
granted in the equity incentive during the period from the disclosure date of this proposal to the record
date of the implementation of the dividend distribution, the Company intends to maintain the distribution
ratio per share unchanged and adjust the total distribution accordingly. The remaining profits available for
distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the
depositary of GDRs) and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding
the investors of Southbound Trading) in HKD. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be calculated at



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB issued by the PBOC five business days prior to the date of
the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company.




                                                                                                                      169
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Particulars of cash dividend policy


          Whether it is in compliance with the requirements of the Articles of Association
                                                                                                           √Yes      No
          or the resolutions of general meetings

          Whether the dividend distribution criteria and proportion are well-defined and
                                                                                                           √Yes      No
          clear

          Whether the relevant decision-making procedures and mechanism are
                                                                                                           √Yes      No
          complete

          Whether the independent directors fulfil their duties and play their roles                       √Yes      No

          Whether the minority shareholders have the opportunities to sufficiently voice
          their opinions and make requests, and whether their legal interests are fully                    √Yes      No
          protected




          XIII. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN
          OR OTHER EMPLOYEE INCENTIVES MEASURES AND THEIR IMPLICATION

          (I) Incentives disclosed in ad hoc announcements and without subsequent
          development or changes

          Summary of event                                                                   Inspection indexes

          On December 31, 2020, the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board
          and the sixth meeting of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of the
          Company have considered and approved the Resolution on the Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company (the “Incentive Scheme”),
                                                                                             Announcements No. Lin
          respectively, and agreed to submit it to the general meeting of the Company
                                                                                             2021-001, 2021-015, 2021-
          for consideration. On February 2, 2021, the Incentive Scheme was approved
                                                                                             016
          by the Jiangsu Provincial Government State-owned Assets Supervision and
          Administration Commission. On February 8, 2021, the 2021 First Extraordinary
          General Meeting of the Company has considered and approved the relevant
          resolution on the Incentive Scheme.

          On March 23, 2021, the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board
          and the eighth meeting of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee of
          the Company have considered and approved the Resolution in Relation to
          the Adjustment to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the         Announcements No. Lin
          Company and the Resolution on Granting Restricted A Shares to the Incentive        2021-029, 2021-030
          Participants, respectively. The Company was of the view that the grant
          conditions under the Incentive Scheme have been satisfied, and determined
          March 29, 2021 as the grant date.




170
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Summary of event                                                                         Inspection indexes

On April 7, 2021, the Company received the Certificate of Registration of
Changes in Securities issued by China Securities Depository and Clearing
Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to set out the record date being April
6, 2021 and granted 45,488,000 Restricted A Shares to 810 eligible incentive
participants at the Grant Price of RMB9.10 per Share. The incentive participants         Announcement No. Lin
granted under the Incentive Scheme include the Directors, senior management              2021-032
and other core key employees of the Company, but exclude the non-executive
Directors (including independent Directors) and Supervisors of the Company.

                                                                                                                                    About Us
The Company has completed the registration of the grant of the Restricted A
Shares.




(II) Incentives not disclosed in ad hoc announcements or with subsequent
development

Other incentive measures


                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
For the employee incentive measures adopted by AssetMark, a controlled company of the Group, please
refer to Note 62(b) Share-based payments of an overseas subsidiary to the consolidated financial


                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
statements in this report.


(III) Share incentive granted to the Directors and senior management during the
Reporting Period
                                              Number of
                                              restricted
                                 Number of Shares                                                           Market




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                 restricted   newly                                         Number of       price at the
                                 Shares held granted                                        restricted      end of the
                                 at the       during the   Grant price                      Shares held     Reporting
                                 beginning of Reporting    of restricted Unlocked Locked    at the end      Period
Name          Position           the year     Period       Shares (RMB) Shares    Shares    of the period   (RMB)

              Director and senior
Zhou Yi                           –          72.00         9.10        –         72.00      72.00           17.76
              management

              Senior
Li Shiqian                       –           60.00         9.10        –         60.00      60.00           17.76
              management

              Senior
Sun Hanlin                       –           60.00         9.10        –         60.00      60.00           17.76
              management




                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
              Senior
Jiang Jian                       –           60.00         9.10        –         60.00      60.00           17.76
              management

              Senior



                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
Zhang Hui                        –           60.00         9.10        –         60.00      60.00           17.76
              management

Chen          Senior
                                 –           60.00         9.10        –         60.00      60.00           17.76
Tianxiang     management

Jiao          Senior
                                 –           50.00         9.10        –         50.00      50.00           17.76
Xiaoning      management

              Senior
Jiao Kai                         –           50.00         9.10        –         50.00      50.00           17.76
              management

Wang          Senior
                                 –           50.00         9.10        –         50.00      50.00           17.76
Chong         management

Total         /                  –           522.00        /           –         522.00     522.00          /




                                                                                                                           171
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Appraisal mechanism for the senior management and the establishment and
          implementation of incentive mechanism during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the performance appraisal on the Company’s senior management was
          carried out on a yearly basis in the principle of sharing goals, comprehensively benchmarking the market
          and attaching equal importance to incentives and restrictions. The appraisal adopts the target appraisal
          on key performance indicators. The performance indicators are related not only to the annual operating
          goals of the Company but also reflect the orientation of compliance operation as well as the emphasis and
          difficulties of relevant work charged by such individual. The performance indicators and target value on
          senior management are determined by the Board based on the Company’s annual operation strategies,
          the characteristics of the Company and the market environment. The Board determines the level of
          annual appraisal of senior management and the distribution of remuneration at the end of the year after
          comprehensively considering the Company’s annual operating goals, the completion of relevant work
          charged by the senior management member and the special annual compliance appraisal.

          The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee proposes the amount of reward and the form of incentives
          for senior management based on the completion of the Company’s annual operating goals and the
          performance indicators of senior management as well as the Company’s policies on remuneration
          distribution and submits them to the Board for study and determination after approving by vote.




          XIV. ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL
          SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

          (I) Statement of the Board

          As required by the internal control standard system of the Company, the Company has strengthened
          and refined its corporate governance structure, compliance and risk control system and internal control
          management system. A corporate governance structure with checks and balances has been formed,
          which features the separation among the Shareholders’ general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory
          Committee and senior management. Under such structure, all operating management members perform
          their functions and duties within respective responsibilities and authorization, ensuring the prudent and
          standardized operation of the Company. The Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general
          meetings in strict accordance with the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings
          and other relevant provisions to strictly perform its obligations of information disclosure, protect the right
          to know of all shareholders, and thus to ensure the standard and transparent operation of Shareholders’
          general meetings. Meanwhile, the Company also strictly regulated its relationships with shareholders, de
          facto controllers and related parties to ensure its operational independence.

          The objective of internal control of the Company is to reasonably ensure the legality and compliance of
          the operation and management, the security of the assets, and the truthfulness and completeness of the
          financial report and its relevant information, to improve operating efficiency and effectiveness, and to
          promote the accomplishment of the development strategy. Due to the inherent limitations of internal control
          and the fact that it is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
          objectives, only reasonable assurance can be provided for the achievement of the above objectives. In
          addition, internal control may become inappropriate or the level of compliance with control policies and
          procedures may become lower due to the changes of situation, so it subjects to certain risks to speculate
          the effectiveness of internal control in the future based on the results of internal control evaluation.

          (II) Structure of the internal control system

          The Board of Directors has set up special committees such as the Compliance and Risk Management
          Committee, the Audit Committee and the Development Strategy Committee to comprehensively monitor
          the effective implementation of internal control and self-evaluation of internal control. The Company




172
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
established internal control construction and a continuous optimization leading group to comprehensively
lead internal control standardized project construction and continuously promote the improvement of the
internal control system. The Company designates Risk Management Department, Planning and Finance
Department, Inspection Department, Legal Compliance Department, etc. as internal control management
departments and all departments as internal control implementation departments to fully cooperate
with the improvement and self-assessment of the internal control system, actively rectify defects in
internal control and give feedback on rectification results as required. The Inspection Department shall be
responsible for conducting internal control evaluation independently and implementing internal audit and
assessment independently on the Company’s internal control measures annually.



                                                                                                                             About Us
(III) Construction and improvement of the internal control system

The Company strictly follows the Company Law of the PRC, Securities Law of the PRC, Guidelines for Internal
Control of Securities Firms, Regulation on Supervision and Administration of Securities Firms, Basic Internal
Control Norms for Enterprises, Implementation Guidelines for Enterprise Internal Control and other laws
and regulations, and improves the corporate governance structure, compliance risk control system and
internal control management system. The Company practices internal control management methods,
constantly enhances its ability to restrict itself and effectively prevents and resolves various risks so as to
ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of various businesses thereof. The Company makes


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
clear the internal control organizational structure and division of responsibilities and sets up internal control
construction and a continuous optimization leading group to supervise and promote the internal control


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
construction of the Company. The Company’s whole businesses, departments, branches and all staff are
involved in internal control, throughout each link from decision-making, implementation, supervision to
feedback. The Company formulated relevant systems in a timely manner based on business development,
and carried out a review and update on relevant management systems for authorization management,
external donations, investors interests protection and self-evaluation on money-laundering risks, and online
account opening, stock option brokerage business, fund service business, public fund classification business
and other relevant business management systems, so as to ensure that the system and procedures
comply with the principles of comprehensiveness, prudence, effectiveness, timeliness and the like, so as to




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
avoid blank or loopholes in the system and procedures. Starting from prudent operation and identification,
prevention and resolution of risks, the Company established risk matrixes for all businesses and develops
clear control measures to check the effectiveness of control measures with regular assessment.

(IV) Operation of the internal control system

With a focus on the regulatory requirements, development strategies and operation objectives,
the Company continued to deepen the operation of the internal control system and promoted the
comprehensive digital transformation to build its core competitiveness of platform-based, systematic, and
digitized operations. The Company regularly or irregularly carried out a review and update of the system
based on business development, to ensure that the system and procedures comply with the principles of



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
comprehensiveness, prudence, effectiveness, timeliness and the like, so as to avoid blank or loopholes in the
system and procedures. The Company strengthened its risk review, assessment, management and control
in key businesses and fields to guarantee the risks are measurable, controllable and bearable. It deepened



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
the establishment of the business continuity management mechanism and improved the systems of
emergency proposals; and actively conducted communications and trainings to strengthen the internal
control culture publicity. Starting from prudent operation and identification, prevention and resolution of
risks, the Company established a multi-level internal control evaluation mechanism, including regular and
irregular self-assessment on the effectiveness of internal control, the evaluation on the effectiveness of
internal control by the internal audit departments and the independent evaluation by the external auditors
to consistently deepen the analysis on high residual risk points and control defects and the rectification and
tracking on internal control defects and improve the effectiveness of the design and effectiveness of control
measure.

The business management departments supervise the development of various businesses from the
perspective of operation management and compliance management. The Compliance and Legal




                                                                                                                    173
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Department, the Risk Management Department and the Inspection Department work together from different
          perspectives to conduct regular and irregular inspections, evaluations and reports on the establishment
          and implementation of the internal control system of each business and management department of the
          Company. The management of the Company attaches great importance to the reports and suggestions
          from the internal control functions and actively takes measures to rectify the problems found, so as to avoid
          the occurrence of business risks and errors to the greatest extent, and enhance the effectiveness of internal
          control management.

          (V) Basis for the assessment of internal control

          The Company organizes to conduct internal control assessment according to the corporate internal control
          standard system and the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Firms (《證券公司內部控制指引》) and
          Rules for the Preparation and Reporting of Information Disclosure by Listed Issuers of Securities No.21 –
          General Provisions on the Annual Internal Control Assessment Report (《公開發行證券的公司信息披露編報規則第
          21 號－年度內部控制評價報告的一般規定》) issued by the CSRC, the Guidelines of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
          for Internal Control of Listed Companies (《上海證券交易所上市公司內部控制指引》) issued by the Shanghai
          Stock Exchange and other relevant laws, regulations and regulatory rules.

          (VI) Internal control defect and its identification

          According to the identification requirements for major defects, important defects and general defects as
          stipulated by the internal control system of enterprises, the Board of the Company, in consideration of such
          factors as the scale of the Company, industrial characteristics, risk appetite and risk tolerance, distinguished
          financial report internal control from non-financial report internal control and determined the internal
          control defects applicable to the Company and its specific identification standards, which were consistent
          with those of the previous years.

          A material defect refers to a combination of one or more controlling defects that could cause the enterprise
          to deviate significantly from its control objectives; a significant defect refers to a combination of one or
          more controlling defects that is less severe and has less economic consequences than a material defect,
          but may still cause the enterprise to deviate from its control objectives; general defects refer to defects
          other than material defects and significant defects.

          (VII) The Company’s internal control effectiveness assessment

          According to the Basic Norms of Internal Control and its provisions in its supporting guidelines and
          other regulatory requirements on internal control as well as the Company’s internal control system and
          assessment methods, we have assessed the Company’s internal control effectiveness on December 31,
          2021 (base date of internal control assessment report) based on the daily supervision and specialized
          supervision of internal control, and has issued the Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report for 2021.

          The Company conducts reviews on the effectiveness of its risk management and internal supervision
          system once a year. The main businesses and matters included in the evaluation scope of the Company’s
          internal control include: internal environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and
          communication, internal supervision, as well as incompatible position separation control, authorization and
          approval control, accounting system control, property protection control, budget control, operation analysis
          control and performance appraisal control involved in the control activities. High risk areas we focused
          on include: current business and basic function management, namely FICC business, financial innovation
          business, securities investment business, margin financing and securities lending business, research and
          consulting business, network finance business, wealth management business, financial products business,
          asset custody business, bond financing business, investment banking business, futures business, asset
          management business, information technology, operation management, financial management, related-
          party transactions, subsidiary management and other fields, as well as the liquidity risk, market risk, credit
          risk, operational risk, reputation risk, information technology risk, compliance risk, legal risk and integrity risk
          that have significant impact on the Company’s operation and management.




174
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
According to the identification results of major defects in financial report internal control, on the base date
of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in financial report internal
control.

The Board of Directors thinks that the Company has maintained effective financial report internal control
in all major aspects according to the enterprise internal control standardized system and requirements in
relevant regulations.

According to the identification results of major defects in non-financial report internal control, on the base
date of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in non-financial
report internal control.

(VIII) Work plan for internal control in 2022                                                                               About Us

In 2022, the Company will continuously promote internal control self-assessment and optimize work scheme
and supervise the implementation. The key contents include: continuously implementing and deepening
internal control management with focus on deepening special review and enhancing the efficiency of
management and control tools; further improving the level of refinement of internal control management
with data and scenarios as drivers; improving the process control and the ability to identify reverse risks
and enhancing the insurmountability of management and control; boosting the automation of control


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
measures and the identification and evaluation of risk points and advancing digital business process and
operation management; and deepening the establishment of internal control and management culture


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
and intensifying training and publicity.




XV. MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF SUBSIDIARIES DURING THE
REPORTING PERIOD

The Company incorporated all subsidiaries into the comprehensive risk management system. It continued




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
to deepen and improve the Group’s comprehensive risk management system with high engagement,
full coverage and deep penetration as the core idea and advanced all risk management work with the
philosophy of collectivization, specialization and platformization. It established the concentrated and unified
management thinking on professional risk lines of all subsidiaries and all subsidiaries were covered by all
professional risk management requirements at the Group level.

During the Reporting Period, the Company optimized the overall risk management framework of subsidiaries,
enhanced the refined management and control ability and amended risk management systems and
differentiated management rules of subsidiaries. In the principle of hierarchical authorization, the Company
carried out independent risk assessment and approval on significant risk projects or key matters of
subsidiaries and conducted penetration management and control on subsidiaries’ business risks. It



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
continuously integrated the Group’s risk data and information to constantly improve the data accuracy and
timeliness and enhance the risk monitoring and warning ability at the Group level.




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
XVI. INFORMATION ABOUT THE INTERNAL CONTROL AUDITING REPORT

When disclosing the annual report for 2021, the Company will also disclose the 2021 Annual Internal Control
Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and the Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co.,
Ltd. at the same time, which will be published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.
cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s official website (www.htsc.
com.cn) on March 31, 2022.

Whether to disclose the internal control audit report: Yes

Type of opinion on the audit report on internal control: Standard unqualified opinion




                                                                                                                   175
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XVII. RECTIFICATION OF PROBLEMS DISCOVERED IN SPECIAL SELF-
          INSPECTION ACTIONS ON LISTED COMPANIES GOVERNANCE

          Under the requirements of the Announcement Regarding Implementation of Special Actions on Listed
          Companies Governance issued by the CSRC, the Company conducted careful review and searching based
          on the list of items for special self-inspection on listed companies governance and discovered no problems
          to be rectified.




          XVIII. BUILDING OF THE COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM OF
          THE COMPANY AND THE INSPECTION AND AUDIT FINISHED BY
          THE COMPLIANCE AND INSPECTING DEPARTMENT DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
          The Company always places emphasis on the corporate culture of operation in compliance with laws and
          regulations, and carries out strict management and prudent and standard operation. During the Reporting
          Period, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements, the Company
          further established a sound compliance management system, improved the organizational structure for
          compliance management, and continued to strengthen the compliance management of the Company to
          keep continuous and standardized development of the Company’s various businesses.

          (I) Organizational Structure for Compliance Management

          Since its establishment, the Company has been adjusting and improving the organizational structure for
          compliance management and the relevant systems based on the changes of the market environment
          and regulatory requirements and the development needs of business. According to the Measures for
          the Compliance Management of Securities Companies and Securities Investment Fund Management
          Companies (hereinafter referred to as the “Measures”) issued by the CSRC in 2017, the Company further
          clarified the compliance duties of the Board of Directors, Supervisory Committee, senior management, chief
          compliance officer, and responsible persons of all departments, all branches and subsidiaries at all levels
          (hereinafter referred to collectively as “all subordinate units”) in the Articles of Association and the basic
          compliance management system. The current compliance organizational system comprehensively reflects
          the basic requirements of the Measures for “full compliance” and “starting compliance management from
          the senior management”, and a resultant force situation of sound compliance management organizational
          structure, clear positioning of responsibilities at all levels and full compliance is basically created.

          The Board of Directors is the supreme decision-making body for compliance management of the Company,
          which bears ultimate responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, decides on the
          compliance management objectives and is responsible for the effectiveness of compliance management
          of the Company; the Compliance and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is
          responsible for overseeing the overall risk management of the Company and controlling the risks within
          a reasonable range to ensure that the internal management system, business rules, significant decisions
          and main business activities of the Company are in compliance with laws and regulations and the risks
          are controllable and bearable; the Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the compliance
          management and the performance of compliance management duties by Directors and senior
          management; the senior management assumes the major responsibilities for compliance management,
          implements the compliance management objectives of the Company and is responsible for the whole
          company’s compliance management; responsible persons of all subordinate units are responsible for their
          units’ operations in accordance with laws and regulations; all the staff of the Company are responsible for
          the compliance of the operational matters and professional conducts within the range of their operational
          activities.




176
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
The chief compliance officer is in charge of the compliance of the Company, conducts audit, inspection
and supervision on the compliance of the management and professional conducts of the Company and
its staff, and helps the operation management effectively identify and manage compliance risks. The
chief compliance officer is a member of the Company’s senior management, and is appointed by the
Board of Directors. The chief compliance officer does not hold any concurrent posts or take charge of any
departments that conflict with his/her compliance management duties.

The Company has established a Legal Compliance Department to assist the chief compliance officer in
performing specific compliance management duties, mainly including: establishment of the compliance
management system of the Company; compliance training, inspection and guidance; assessment
and unified disposal of compliance risks; compliance review and compliance reports; cooperation with
external compliance supervision and management institutions; anti-money laundering and Chinese Wall;                     About Us
establishment of the legal system of the Company; review of legal documents; handling of legal affairs;
assessment of and consultation on legal risks.

All departments and branches of the Company have their own compliance officers. A compliance officer
is mainly responsible for the compliance management work of the unit he/she belongs to, performing
such duties as carrying out timely and effective supervision, inspection, assessment and reporting on
the implementation of compliance policies and procedures by such unit and its staff, and is responsible



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
for the unit’s communication and exchange of information with the Legal Compliance Department and
other compliance management work. During the Reporting Period, the Company further optimized the
compliance management mode of its branches, deepened the vertical management of the branches’


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
compliance management teams, strengthened the compliance risk management work of the branches,
ensured the branches’ compliance teams to perform their duties independently, and strived to prevent
compliance risks of front-line businesses from the source.

The Company established the management measures for compliance of subsidiaries, which made
detailed arrangements for basic principles, organizational structure and working mechanism of compliance
management of the subsidiaries, and established a sound compliance management system appropriate
to the group strategy on the basis of ensuring the independence of the subsidiaries’ legal representatives.




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Meanwhile, the Company established a special compliance management information reporting
mechanism, and all subsidiaries shall report on the operation of compliance management quarterly and
report on any major risk or abnormal situation timely after the event so that the Company can grasp
the compliance risk management and control of its subsidiaries timely; the Company established a
mechanism for regular meetings between compliance chiefs of the parent company and subsidiaries
to call together compliance chiefs of the subsidiaries to hold regular meetings quarterly and unblock the
communication mechanism between the Group’s compliance chiefs and the Compliance Department, and
built an important platform of notifying the Group’s compliance risk events, sharing supervision information,
exchanging key and difficult points of the compliance management work and forming a resultant force
for compliance management; and the Company improved the compliance conversation system and
mechanism to strengthen the audit and filing of important compliance systems of subsidiaries, and carried



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
out special compliance inspection on relevant subsidiaries to implement the compliance management
mechanism of subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
(II) Compliance System Building of the Company

The Company continued to improve the compliance management system and formed various compliance
management systems, including the Compliance Management System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (2017
Revision), Measures for the Compliance Management of Subsidiaries (2020 Revision), Daily Working Measures
for Compliance Management (2020 Revision), Measures for Management of Compliance Management
Personnel (2020 Revision) and Measures for the Implementation of Compliance Accountability.

During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated the Administrative Measures for Preventing and
Combating Illegal Fundraising and Illegal Securities Activities, and amended certain internal control systems
such as the Management System for Abnormal Securities Transaction Behaviors of Customers of Stock
Exchanges and the Administrative Measures for Self-evaluation on Money-laundering Risks, which further




                                                                                                                177
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          optimized the construction of compliance system.

          (III) Implementation of the Compliance Management Mechanism

          Since the full implementation of the compliance management system, the Company saw continuous
          improvement of its compliance management work, and continued to benefit from observance with the
          philosophy of “Creating Value through Compliance Management” and saw significant improvement in the
          standardization of operations. During the Reporting Period, the Company deepened the effective integration
          of business and compliance, and focused on key business links to build an embedded compliance
          management and control mechanism with penetration and coverage. The Compliance Department
          provided all branches with comprehensive compliance consultation, put forward recommendations on
          common issues in time and monitored and gave guidance over the rectification and improvement of
          relevant systems and procedures by relevant departments; carried out compliance review comprehensively,
          clarified the front-line compliance review responsibilities.

          (IV) Information about Inspection Carried out by the Compliance Department
          during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Compliance Department carried out special on-site inspections
          of the offices of some branches, completed special anti-money laundering inspections of relevant business
          lines, carried out special inspections of implementation of the study of new regulations for business
          and special inspections of OTC derivatives compliance, and continuously followed up the progress of
          rectification.

          (V) Progress of Audit Work of the Audit Department during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department closely focused on the strategic
          transformation of digital transformation, deepened the concept of digital operation, insisted on enhancing
          audit with technology and actively explored audit innovation. It vigorously empowered audit with digital
          staff to improve the audit efficiency. Under the new situation with the comprehensive implementation of
          the Audit Law and the full display of the important role of audit supervision, the Company firmly focused on
          “development, reform, rule of law and anti-corruption” in deploying audit work and practically implemented
          risk management work in the principle of accurate thinking. The Company effectively carried out inspections
          and evaluation on the establishment and implementation of the internal control mechanisms of each
          department and subsidiary, and each branch and securities business department of the Company, the
          legality and compliance of business operation, operating guarantee, client services, anti-money laundering
          and innovative business, as well as the accuracy of financial revenue and expenditure and accounting
          calculation, evaluated the risks on business and operation and revealed the weaknesses and defects
          in operation management. It better completed the working tasks for the whole year and made its own
          contributions to the Company’s innovative development.

          Based on the annual operational targets and regulatory requirements, the Company’s Audit Department
          overcame the regional outbreak and reoccurrence of the pandemic during the Reporting Period, adjusted
          the manners of working and arranged various projects to adopt new types of audit such as “remote + on-
          site” and “video + materials” through the appropriate allocation of audit resources and the optimization of
          audit means. It connected the units under auditing to conduct remote communications on uncertain points
          through online video meetings and Link working groups and achieved the homogeneous management of
          off-site data analysis and on-site audit, well completing the tasks of audit projects. During the Reporting
          Period, it completed 172 audit items in total, including regular auditing for 17 business and management
          departments such as the research institute, securities investment department, fixed income department,
          debt financing department, sales and trading department, network finance department, securities margin
          trading department, financial innovation department, capital management department, central trading
          room, wealth management department, financial product department, asset custody department,
          operation center, information technology department, risk management department and offices; regular
          auditing and auditing for departure of chairmen, presidents and board secretaries for 8 subsidiaries




178
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
such as Huatai Futures, Huatai United Securities, Huatai Asset Management, Huatai Innovative Investment,
Huatai Purple Gold Investment, Huatai International, Jiangsu Equity Exchange and Huatai United Securities;
auditing for the departure and mandatory leave of general managers of 18 branches in Guangdong, Hubei,
Yunnan, Shanghai, Shandong, Yangzhou, Sichuan, Zhenjiang, Zhejiang, Nanjing, Yancheng, Shenzhen, Hunan,
Nantong, Taizhou, Changzhou, Hubei and Beijing; auditing for the departure and mandatory leave of general
managers of 116 securities branches in Changjiang Road, Nanjing, Wuluo Road, Wuhan, Renmin Middle Road,
Nantong, Yushi Street, Nanjing, Wuding Road, Shanghai, Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou, Jiefang East Road,
Hangzhou, Xiahe Road, Xiamen, Yaogang Road, Nantong, Qiushi Road, Hangzhou, Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen
and Renmin Road, Suzhou; 13 special audits including assessment report on the effectiveness of corporate
compliance management, corporate internal control evaluation, effectiveness evaluation of the dynamic

                                                                                                                          About Us
monitoring system for corporate risk control indicators, evaluation of corporate anti-money laundering,
specific compliance of branches in Xiamen, specific securities investment and funds custody and service
business, specific funds sales business, specific related-party transactions, special IT auditing and IT risk
assessment, special comprehensive auditing on information technology management, special report
on the application of smart business travels, special report on project construction and rectification and
tracking of problems discovered in audit items. Audit reports have been issued for 166 audit items; 555 audit
opinions and suggestions were put forward and 493 problems were rectified, with a rectification completion
rate of 88.83%; 562 problems discovered in the previous auditing were tracked and 520 problems were



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
rectified, with a rectification completion rate of 92.53%; according to the Implementing Rules for Penalties
of Illegal Behaviors Discovered in Audit of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., suggestions were made on penalties
for 109 person-times in 109 units and the penalty amounted to RMB165,500. All units under auditing actively


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
coordinated in the auditing process and the audit opinions and suggestions were recognized by units under
auditing and their responsible persons.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Department of the Company firmly focused on the digital
transformation strategy and actively explored innovation in audit means under the environment of
informatization. It sought to expand means for the implementation and application of big data audit,
enhanced the digital thinking, promoted the concept of digital audit and continuously upgraded and built
the audit management platform with the combination of data application and process management. It




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
advanced the collection, accumulation and governance of data required in auditing, docked the middle
office for data and certain data of the brokerage business, compliance, risk control and financial systems,
established the audit database and improved the quality of data application through the continuous
improvement of data varieties. Meanwhile, it focused on inspection points with the orientation of risks and
integrated digitalization into routine audit. The contents of auditing covered business operation activities,
financial accounting and management, the establishment and implementation of internal control, the
completion of operating targets, the implementation of responsibilities on improving Party’s work style and
building clean government and abiding by regulations on integrity, the rectification of problems discovered
in previous audits as well as other matters, achieving the full coverage of audit targets and contents.

In order to further expand the breadth and depth of audit supervision, the Audit Department of the Company




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
established an audit mechanism with “one punishment, two steps and three feedbacks” and strived to
achieve the audit effect of identifying problems, promoting rectification, fixing up existing issues and
preventing future problems. It advanced the long-term responsibility mechanism on the implementation




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
of the rectification of problems discovered in audits, arranged special staff to create the list of problems
and rectification accounts based on each unit and item and “eliminate the number based on accounts”. It
irregularly “reviewed” problems discovered in the current and previous periods and confirmed with the units
responsible for rectification one by one to follow the latest rectification progress and results. It gradually
cleared historical issues to be rectified to ensure that no issues are left and all problems are rectified
earnestly and seriously. It implemented and supervised the closed-loop management of rectification and
increased punishment on a few repeated problems to promote audit rectification with accountability. The
Audit Department continued to implement the regular reporting mechanism on problems discovered in
audit and publicized typical, universal and tendentious problems discovered in audit through the publication
of the Brief Report on Audit Work on a quarterly basis to ensure that once the key link is grasped, everything
falls into place. It reminded relevant units to carry out self-inspections and self-rectifications and draw
inferences about other cases from one instance to display the effect of systems. It reviewed and analyzed




                                                                                                                 179
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the problems discovered in audits during the year and their rectification as well as the implementation of
          the penalties one by one and summarized them to formulate a special annual report. It achieved the results
          as anticipated in rectifying errors, improving defects, standardizing management and improving efficiency
          and effect through the rectification and tracking of audit problems in previous years.

          Adhering to the philosophy of strengthening audit with technology, the Audit Department of the Company
          optimized audit means, improved the audit coverage and strengthened audit supervision. It further
          refined all audit rules and systems, firmly focused on solving prominent problems closely based on its own
          conditions and advanced the theme of innovative development. It vigorously promoted digital construction,
          advanced audit management, intensified audit efforts in key businesses and strived to provide better
          support to operation and management.

          The Party branch of the Audit Department of the Company deepened the prevention and control of integrity
          risk and integrated Party building and integrity with audit. It displayed the role of Party members as pioneers
          and models, coordinated the application of various audit methodologies and procedures and carried out
          inspections on integrity risk points, effectively preventing risks on ethics, laws and corruption.




          XIX. OTHER INFORMATION

          (I) Company Secretary

          Mr. Zhang Hui is one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, while Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne,
          manager of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, is the joint company secretary fulfilling
          the relevant qualification requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The company secretary is mainly
          responsible for facilitating the operation of the Board, ensuring the effective communication between the
          members of the Board and the observation of the policies and procedures of the Board, and ensuring the
          compliance with Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulations by the Company. Any Director can discuss
          with, seek advice from and obtain information from the company secretary. The primary contact person for
          Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne at the Company is Mr. Zhang Hui.

          Each of Mr. Zhang Hui and Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne has complied with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of
          the Hong Kong Listing Rules by receiving relevant professional training for no less than 15 hours during the
          Reporting Period.

          (II) Responsibilities of the Directors and Auditors in respect of the Accounts

          The following statement of responsibilities of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
          conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
          of this report. Each responsibility statement shall be understood separately.

          The Board of Directors confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual report of the
          Group for the year ended December 31, 2021.

          The Board of Directors is responsible for presenting a clear and well-defined assessment of the annual and
          interim reports, stock price sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed according to
          the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided relevant and
          necessary explanation and information for the Board of Directors so that the Board of Directors could make
          informed assessment on the financial data and position of the Group for examination and approval at the
          Board meetings.

          To the knowledge of all Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant
          uncertainty likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustainable operations.
          In addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities
          which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed to.




180
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
For the purposes of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority’s Transparency Rule 4.1.12(3), each
Director of the Company (whose names and functions are listed on page 120 of this report), to the best of
his or her knowledge, confirms the following two points:

(a) the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards,
give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the
undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and

(b) the management report (being this annual report, excluding the financial statements referred to above
(on pages 247-389 of this report) and the independent auditor’s report thereon (on pages 238-246 of this
report)) includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the

                                                                                                                              About Us
Group and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of
the principal risks and uncertainties that the Group faces.

(III) Performance Assessment Results for Directors and Supervisors

During the Reporting Period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company had abided by the relevant
provisions of laws, administrative laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, and performed
their duties and obligations honestly and diligently.



                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
All the Directors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently in
compliance with laws. They have attended Board meetings and various meetings of special committees in
accordance with relevant provisions, considered each proposal seriously, offered advice and suggestions

                                                                                                                            and Strategies
on significant strategic decisions and plans, important investment and financing projects, business
innovations, related-party transactions, compliance management and internal control, system construction,
appointment of senior management, performance assessment, enterprise cultural construction and social
responsibilities of the Company, and acted as professional gatekeepers on such issues, which ensured
those material decisions to be scientific and standardized as well as the sustainable and innovative
development of the Company, and preserved the interests of the shareholders practically.

All the Supervisors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
in compliance with laws. They have attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee in accordance
with relevant provisions, attended the Board meetings, considered each proposal carefully, supervised
and inspected the legality of operation, material decisions and important business activities as well as
the financial position of the Company, actively protected the legal interests of the Company and its
shareholders, promoted the legal operation and standardized management, and ensured the sound
development of the Company.

For details on the performance of duties of the Company’s Directors and Supervisors, please refer to the
“Performance of Duties of Directors” and “Performance of Duties of Supervisors” under this section in this
report.




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
(IV) Communication with Shareholders

The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.

The Company pays great attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively and regularly carries
out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and meet their reasonable
needs timely. The Company has formulated a series of relatively perfect rules and regulations such as the
Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, to manage investor relationship in accordance
with the standards, systems and procedures. Meanwhile, the Company has formed good interaction and
communication with the investors by actively using various channels such as existing investor service hotlines, a
special column for investor relations at the Company’s website and reception of on-site researchers.




                                                                                                                     181
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Board of Directors of the Company is willing to listen to shareholders’ advice and encourages
          shareholders to attend the general meetings to ask the Board of Directors or the management directly
          about any doubts they may hold. Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or submit
          interim proposals to general meetings according to the procedures set out in Article 84 and Article 89 of the
          Articles of Association, which were published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the HKEXnews
          website of the HKEX and the Company’s official website. The Company will arrange for the Board of Directors
          to answer the shareholders’ questions at its annual general meeting for 2021.

          (V) Investor Relations

          The investor relations management is one of the most important tasks on the normative development and
          legitimate operation of the Company and is highly valued by the Board of the Company. The Company
          planned, arranged and organized various activities to manage investor relations with a strong sense of
          responsibility, including coordinating on-site interviews to the Company, and keeping in contact with
          regulatory authorities, investors, intermediary agencies and news media and so on.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company timely updated information on the “Investor Relations” column on
          the Company’s website, and answered inquiries from investors of the interactive E-platform on the website
          of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company has received 16 times of onsite investigations and surveys or
          telephone interviews from approximately 52 researchers and investors such as securities companies and
          funds companies at home and abroad in the whole year. The Company also carried out daily consultation
          work seriously for investors and answered their questions in detail. Meanwhile, to assist the issuance of the
          periodic reports, the Company held 2 presentations for operating performance and 2 online briefings on
          performance, and proactively attended strategy seminars and investment forums held by domestic or
          foreign securities institutions. It attended 7 strategy seminars and investment forums and accepted the
          investigations of approximately 90 investors and researchers during the Reporting Period and maintained
          full communications with investors and researchers on issues such as the development trend of the
          industry, operational results of the Company as well as its business development strategy, which effectively
          promoted investors’ and researchers’ understanding of the business condition and result performance of
          the Company, completely marketed the development advantages of the Company, and correctly guided
          market expectations. The Company persisted in inducing and analyzing various questions proposed by
          institutional investors and researchers to improve the professionalism, normalization and the quality of
          investor relations management of the Company.




182
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
The Company’s reception of investigations and surveys, communications, and interviews in the full year of
2021:
                                                                                            Major topics
                                                                                            discussed and
      Date of      Place of           Way of                                                information
No.   reception    reception          reception    Guests                                   provided

      January                         Telephone
1                  Hong Kong Office                Fidelity Funds (1 person-time)
      20, 2021                        interview

      January                         Telephone    M&G Asset Management (1 person-
                                                                                                                       About Us
2                  Hong Kong Office
      20, 2021                        interview    time)

      January                         Telephone
3                  Hong Kong Office                CLSA (1 person-time)
      27, 2021                        interview

      March 30,    The headquarters Telephone
4                                                  Schroders Group (4 person-times)
      2021         of the Company interview

                                                   Rosefinch Fund, Guotai Asset


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
      March 30,    The headquarters On-site
5                                                  Management, Harvest Fund, etc.
      2021         of the Company interview
                                                   (13 person-times)


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
      April 8,                        On-site
6                  Shanghai Office                 Rosefinch Fund (2 person-times)
      2021                            interview

      April 12,                       On-site      APS Asset Management (2 person-          Business
7                  Shanghai Office
      2021                            interview    times)                                   development,
                                                                                            innovative
      April 12,                       On-site
8                  Shanghai Office                 CPIC AMC (1 person-time)                 business
      2021                            interview                                             development




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                                                                            and long-term
      May 12,                         Telephone
9                  Shenzhen Office                 Fidelity Funds (1 person-time)           development
      2021                            interview
                                                                                            strategy of the
      May 13,                         On-site                                               Company, etc.
10                 Shenzhen Office                 Dacheng Fund (1 person-time)
      2021                            interview

      May 21,      The headquarters On-site        China Merchants Fund (1 person-
11
      2021         of the Company interview        time)

      May 27,                         Telephone
12                 Hong Kong Office                HSBC (3 person-times)
      2021                            interview



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
      June 3,                         Telephone    Soochow Securities, Ping An Securities
13                 Hong Kong Office
      2021                            interview    (2 person-times)




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
      June 23,                        Telephone    Prime Capital, WT Capital, etc.
14                 Hong Kong Office
      2021                            interview    (14 person-times)

      August 10,                      Telephone
15                 Hong Kong Office                Fidelity Funds (4 person-times)
      2021                            interview

      December                  Telephone
16             Hong Kong Office                    TengYue Partners (1 person-time)
      7, 2021                   interview




                                                                                                              183
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Company’s participation in strategy seminars and investment forums held by domestic or overseas
          securities institutions in the full year of 2021 is as follows:
                                                                                                    Major topics
                                                                                                    discussed and
                Date of                     Way of                                                  information
          No.   reception      Meeting name reception       Guests                                  provided

                                                            UBS Wealth Management, APS
                January 21,                     Telephone
          1                    UBS GCC 2021                 Asset Management, Nomura Asset
                2021                            interview
                                                            Management, etc. (18 person-times)

                               CITIC
                               Securities 2021 On-site      Dacheng Fund, Harvest Fund, Springs
          2     June 1, 2021
                               Capital Market interview     Capital, etc. (28 person-times)
                               Forum

                               Citicorp 2021
                November                        Telephone   Millennium, CICC AM, Citi (5 person-
          3                    China Investor
                3, 2021                         interview   times)
                               Summit
                                                                                                   Business
                               Merrill Lynch                                                       highlights,
                November       2021 China       Telephone   Balyasny, Rays, Well Fargo (10 person- operations
          4
                9, 2021        Investor         interview   times)                                 and financial
                               Summit                                                              performance,
                                                                                                   and long-
                               CITIC                                                               term strategic
                               Securities                   CITIC AMC, China Merchants Securities, planning of the
                November                      Telephone
          5                    2022 Annual                  Changjiang Pension, Taikang AMC (11 Company
                10, 2021                      interview
                               Capital Market               person-times)
                               Conference

                               HTSC 2022
                November                        Telephone   Taikang AMC, ICBCCS, Springs Capital,
          6                    Investment
                18, 2021                        interview   etc. (14 person-times)
                               Summit

                               Morgan
                               Stanley 2021
                November                        Telephone   UG, GQG, TX Capital, WT Capital
          7                    Asia-Pacific
                19, 2021                        interview   (4 person-times)
                               Investor
                               Summit




184
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(VI) Independence of the Auditor

According to the relevant provisions in Rule 19A.31 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, annual accounts should
be audited by a prestigious certified public accountant (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company),
who (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company) also should be independent of the Chinese issuer
to the extent that its independent procedures should be substantially the same as those specified in
the statements on independence issued in the Companies Ordinance or by the International Federation
of Accountants. According to the relevant provisions in Rule C.3.3 (renumbered as Rule D.3.3 with effect
from January 1, 2022) of the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate Governance Report as set
out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Audit Committee should review and monitor the

                                                                                                                       About Us
independence and objectiveness of external auditors as well as the validity of the auditing process in
accordance with applicable standards. During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to engage
KPMG Huazhen LLP as the auditors of A Shares and KPMG as the auditors of H Shares. The Audit Committee
had carried out necessary review and supervision to ensure the independence between the firms and the
Company.




                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                     and Strategies




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              185
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Environment
          and Social
          Responsibility




          I. ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION

          (I) The Company is not in the list of severely polluting units published by the
          environmental protection authority

          (II) Description of the environmental protection of enterprises excluding attention
          units discharging pollutants

          1. During the Reporting Period, the Company was not subject to any administrative penalty arising from
          environmental issues

          2. Other environmental information with reference to disclosures of attention units discharging pollutants

          The Company is a financial company, which is not in the list of attention units discharging pollutants
          and their major subsidiaries published by the environmental protection authority. The Company entrusts
          qualified third-party organizations to conduct inspections for the wastewater, exhaust gases and noises of
          the headquarters office every year. All inspections are in line with the national standards.

          For possible rainstorms, typhoons and other extreme weather events as a result of climate change, the
          Company issues pre-warning alerts and notices to all departments and branches in time and relevant staff
          immediately adopt measures on preventing wind and water logging, inspect and clear flood-discharging
          facilities and prepare sandbags, raincoats and other emergency equipment. Under extreme weathers,
          relevant staff enhance inspections on key areas and parts in preventing wind and water logging and rectify
          equipment failure in time.

          (III) Relevant information beneficial to protecting ecosystem, preventing pollution
          and performing environmental responsibilities

          1. The Company actively responds to the Nanjing Municipal Domestic Waste Management Regulations and
          sets household waste sorting points on each floor of Huatai Securities Square. It publicizes the concepts and
          practice on waste sorting among staff through pasting posters on waste sorting in striking parts of public
          places and playing videos on waste sorting repeatedly in elevators to create an atmosphere of “waste
          sorting with all participation” and form a habit of actively sorting and consciously putting waste. Office
          wastes of the Company are collected and transported by the property management company. Hazardous




186
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
wastes such as electronic wastes, light pipes, toner cartridges and ink cartridges are recovered by qualified
entities for further disposal or recycling.

2. According to the Management Measures on Motor Vehicles of the Company, new energy vehicles shall
be given priority when purchasing vehicles for corporate affairs and operation of the Company to practice
low-carbon and environmental operation. The underground garage of Huatai Securities Square is equipped
with charging piles for new energy vehicles and electric motorcycles to encourage employees to practice
green commuting and advocate green and environmental concepts.

3. For the decoration and renovation of business buildings of the Company, it takes measures such
as setting the shortest decoration intervals (decoration and renovation are not allowed for those not

                                                                                                                          About Us
exceeding the shortest decoration intervals except under special circumstances) and improving the quality
of decoration and renovation projects to extend the life of decoration for business buildings, reduce the
frequency of decoration and minimize pollution from decoration and renovation. The Company adopts
new construction materials in decoration and renovation to achieve the integration of environmental
protection and buildings. For curtain walls, interior furnishings and landscapes, it follows green, innovative
and environmental concepts and focuses on the popularization of LED lighting with low energy consumption
in office areas to save lighting power in daily office to the maximum extent. It significantly reduces the
use of paint and other decoration materials and adopts environmental and paint-free materials instead.



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Panel furniture is widely adopted for office and it generally eliminates the use of paint furniture. Greater
efforts are made in aerial detection and governance after decoration to improve the air quality in the office
environment so as to create a safe and comfortable office environment for employees.

(IV) Measures adopted for reducing its carbon emission during the Reporting Period                                      and Strategies
and their effects

1. Green parks

The greening rate of Huatai Securities Square is 27.9%, which is higher than that of general business office
areas. Around the concept of garden-like office, the Company consistently expanded the plantation area




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
of green plants and focused on reducing carbon emission through creating a multi-level landscape in
addition to developing greening in central area.

Leveraging the solar photovoltaic power generation system, the Company saved 84,199 kWh of electricity
in 2021. Meanwhile, through the sunlight induced lighting device system, the air-conditioning ice storage
system, the floor air supply system, the intelligent lighting control in office areas and other measures, the
Company continuously brought better social benefits to the low carbon economy.

2. Green Office

The Company calls on all employees to integrate the concepts of resources saving and emission reduction




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
into their work and life and is devoted to minimizing the impact of its own operation on the environment. It
has adopted the following measures to save energy, reduce emission and protect the environment:

(1) Leveraging on the electronic signature platform, the Company continues to promote paperless office




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
and reduces the use of paper contracts through electronic stamp and electronic signature. The Company
used electronic stamp for over 100,000 times, saving over 3 million sheets of paper.

(2) The Company evaluates the reusability of discarded office devices and encourages reusing of waste
and old materials to reduce unnecessary waste; entrusts a qualified company to recycle and dispose of or
reuse hazardous wastes; requires the property management center to clear and transport office waste to
minimize adverse impacts on environment; discharges wastewater into the municipal sewage pipeline and
transports wastewater to the municipal wastewater treatment plant.

(3) The Company reduces the number of on-site meetings and therefore reduces carbon emissions due
to business travel; prioritizes the purchase of new energy vehicles and encourages green travel to reduce
environmental pollution caused by vehicle exhaust emissions.




                                                                                                                 187
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (4) Advocating water saving, the Company uses water-saving sanitary ware to reduce water consumption;
          conducts regular maintenance on water equipment to prevent evaporating, emitting, dripping, and leaking;
          makes full use of the rainwater recovery system, collects rainwater in the rainy season, and irrigates plants
          in the dry season.

          3. Green data center

          The usable area of the data center of Huatai Securities Square is approximately 3,600 square meters and
          was put into production in 2015. With the target of building a green data center from the early construction
          to the later operation and maintenance, it has adopted various measures to improve the use efficiency of
          energy.

          During the construction period, the machine room area adopted the high-efficient cold aisle enclosed
          energy-saving technology to improve the heat dissipation efficiency of equipment and enhance the
          utilization of cold air. During the nearly six years after being put into production, the data center consistently
          reduced energy consumption through technical and management means, such as adding blind plates
          to improve the isolation effect of hot and cold aisles; renovating and updating the return louvers of air-
          conditioning rooms to reduce resistance in air returning; and conducting fine management on the lighting
          system of the machine room.

          To further improve the energy efficiency, the operation and maintenance staff carried out comprehensive
          analysis on the overall temperature of the data center in 2021. They found that the temperature of
          approximately 20% of the cold aisles, which directly face the air supply channels of air conditioners, has
          been relatively low for a long time. The return temperature of air-conditioners in the corresponding area
          was adjusted 1℃ higher after various tests and adjustments, accounting for 20% of all air conditioners. The
          energy consumption of air conditioners in the data center significantly reduced after the adjustment, having
          saved approximately 10,950 kWh of electricity during the year.



          II. SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
          The Company is a financial company in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London. While disclosing its 2021 Annual
          Report, the Company will also disclose the 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities
          Co., Ltd., which will be published on the website of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of HKEX (www.
          hkexnews.hk), the website of LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com) and the website of the Company (www.
          htsc.com.cn) on March 31, 2022.




                In 2021, the Company was granted Grade A
                in the ESG rating of Morgan Stanley Capital
                                                                                               A
                International (MSCI), achieving upgrade for
                                                                               the highest level in the domestic
                three consecutive years, reaching the highest
                                                                               securities industry
                level in the domestic securities industry and
                surpassing 79% of its peers globally.




188
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
1. Social Responsibility Management

Responsibility principles

The Company has always been adhering to its core values of “efficiency, honesty, prudence, and innovation”
and its business philosophy of “centering on customer service, driven by customer demand, and aiming for
customer satisfaction”, integrating ESG standards into the routine businesses of the Company, striving to
create value for customers, shareholders, employees, society and other stakeholders.




                                                                                                                              About Us


The Company always places
its customers at the center and
strives to create value for its                       Trust of
customers, so as to win their                        Customers
                                                                                 The Company values people that
trust with high-quality financial
                                                                                 are both talented and morally
services.
                                                                                 respectable, for whom it has



                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                 built a solid career development
                                                                                 platform and fostered an
                                                   Responsibility                optimistic corporate culture, so




                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                                 Satisfaction of     Principles      Pride of    as to achieve common growth
                                                                                 with its employees.
                                 Shareholders        of Huatai      Employees
                                                     Securities




The Company standardizes its                         Respect of




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
corporate governance structure                        Society
and attaches great importance                                                    The Company values the
to risk management and                                                           harmonious development
compliant operation, aiming to                                                   of the financial system and
achieve a stable increase in asset                                               the society, gives full play to
value and ensure sustainable                                                     its professional strengths to
returns to its shareholders.                                                     facilitate social advances. It
                                                                                 also actively partic ipates in
                                                                                 social welfare promotion and
                                                                                 green development, fulfilling its
                                                                                 responsibilities as a corporate
                                                                                 citizen.




Management structure of social responsibility                                                                                Financial Report and



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
The Company considers the environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) as the core driver to
the overall social responsibility performance and a scientific and effective governance structure as the
basis for promoting ESG-related works. Employing ESG management as part of its development strategy,
the Company set up the ESG committee under the senior management to continuously improve its ESG
management structure, established an ESG management mechanism with the linkage between upper and
lower levels and continued to improve the systematicness and effectiveness of its ESG management.




                                                                                                                     189
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Social Responsibility Management Structure
          of Huatai Securities

          Supervision level                                                 Board of
          · Fully supervise ESG-related affairs                             Directors


                                                                         Senior
          Management level                                             management
          · Formulate ESG strategies for the Company
          · Evaluate the importance of ESG-
          related affairs which will be taken into                    ESG Committee
                                                           (with the CEO serving as the chairman and the
          consideration in business operations            Secretary to the Board as the deputy-chairman)
          ·Supervise the implementation and
          progress of ESG strategies
                                                   Permanent members                      Professional
          · Identify ESG-related                   (persons-in-charge of relevant
                                                                                            members
          opportunities and risks                   departments and subsidiaries)


                                                                 ESG Management Team
          Execution level                      Fixed Income Department
                                               Research Institute                       Persons-in-charge of other
          · Actual implementation              Human Resources Department               relevant departments and
                                               Risk Management Department               subsidiaries and backbone
          of ESG relevant work                 Strategy and Development Department      members with expertise
                                               Huatai Asset Management                  knowledge and professional
                                               Huatai International                     capabilities in ESG
                                               Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                               Huatai United Securities




          2. Compliant Operation to Protect the Rights and Interests of All Parties

          The Company conscientiously implements the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Standards for the
          Governance of Listed Companies (《 上 市 公 司 治 理 準 則 》) and other documents and has established a
          system of modern enterprise organization and an operation mechanism with the General Meeting, the
          Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the senior management. It follows the principles of
          independent operation, effective checks and balances, mutual cooperation and coordinated operation of
          various governance bodies and continuously improves the operation mechanism of the Meetings and the
          management to improve its corporate governance efficiency.

          Acted in strict accordance with the Administrative Measures for the Disclosure of Information of Listed
          Companies issued by the CSRC and other legal norms and relevant requirements, the Company also
          formulated the Management Measures for Information Disclosure, the Internal Reporting System for Material
          Information, the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality and other rules
          and regulations to provide comprehensive regulation on information disclosure of the Company, so as to
          disclose information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner, and ensure that all shareholders




                                                                                                  A
          have equal access to relevant information of the Company.




                                  AA
                In 2021, the Company was rated Class                          In 2021, the Company was rated the
                AA under Category A according to the                          highest-level Class A in the 2020-2021
                classification of securities companies by                     information disclosure evaluation of
                the CSRC in 2021.                                             listed companies by the Shanghai Stock
                                                                              Exchange.




190
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
The suppliers of Company mainly include those related to IT hardware, IT software, products for project
construction, comprehensive materials, products for Internet marketing, information products and relevant
services. By strictly following the Tendering and Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和
國招標投標法》), the Government Procurement Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國政府採
購法》) and other laws and regulations, the Company further optimized management method of suppliers
and created sound supplier cooperation ecosystem.

The Company strictly complies with various requirements on financial marketing publicity and product
advertisement stipulated by the Advertisement Law, the Notice on Further Standardizing Financial Marketing
Publicity, the Measures for Supervision and Administration of the Sales Organizations of Securities Investment


                                                                                                                           About Us
Funds in Public Offering and the Interim Regulations on the Administration of Publicity and Marketing of
Securities Investment Funds in Public Offering and formulated the Administrative Measures for Marketing
Publicity Activities and the Administrative Measures for Proxy Sale of Financial Products, establishing
and improving the internal control systems on the advertising and marketing management of financial
products, continuously strengthening the management of marketing publicity activities and preventing risks
resulting from illicit marketing publicity.

3. Promoting Sustainable Development with Responsible Finance



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Strengthening ESG risk management on clients

The clients’ ESG risks include risks on three major aspects, namely environmental, social and corporate


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
governance. The Company strengthened the clients’ ESG risk management to facilitate the Company
in managing and controlling non-financial risks of clients or projects, prevent the Company from
suffering credit and reputational risks due to clients’ or projects’ ESG issues and promote the sustainable
development of the Company in the long run.

To further improve the clients’ ESG risk management system, the Company amended the Guidelines
for Due Diligence on Clients’ Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) in 2021, specifying that for
agriculture, biodiversity, energy use, forestry, mining, oil and gas, transport, materials and other industries




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
with high environmental risks, it shall strengthen due diligence on clients’ ESG risks and industries with high
environmental risks shall meet relevant industrial policies. Meanwhile, the Company released the Reference
Index of Policy Documents on Industries with High Environmental Risks, Biodiversity and Climate Change to
relevant business lines as a supporting instrument in ESG due diligence.

Practicing the concept of responsible investment

With the concept of responsible investment gradually popularized in the market and widely recognized by
domestic and foreign investment institutions, the Company actively responds to domestic and overseas
development trends. The Company amended the Responsible Investment Statement of Huatai Securities
Co., Ltd. In 2021, gradually improved three aspects of responsible investment, namely the organizational




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
structure and management, research and communication, as well as investment strategy and application,
and strived to prevent investment risks, create economic benefits and enhance social benefits of
investments at the same time.




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Under the overall framework of responsible investment, the Company continuously promoted the
application of responsible investment strategies, such as positive screening, negative screening, ESG
integration, sustainability themed investing and impact investment, in the investment business. The
Company actively participated in green bonds investment and impact investment to seek economic
benefits and balance social and environmental benefits.

Huatai Securities Asset Management officially joined the United Nations-supported Principles for
Responsible Investment (UNPRI) in July 2021 and became an asset management subsidiary with the largest
size of asset management among Chinese securities companies in the UNPRI. It will continue the two-way
empowerment on responsible investment from the two ends of investment and financing and build an ESG
investment research framework, carry out the integration of ESG into investment systems and develop ESG-
related investment products under the guidance of the six principles for responsible investment with a view




                                                                                                                  191
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          to more comprehensively managing investment risks and enhancing sustainable long-term investment
          returns by pursuing long-term and value- oriented investments.

          Facilitating “carbon neutrality” through financial innovation

          The Company has promoted the development of green finance with a high sense of responsibility and
          mission, and contributed to the sustainable development of our country’s green finance by supporting the
          listing of energy-saving and environmentally friendly companies, the issuance of green bonds, and the
          establishment of innovative products and successfully explored in facilitating “carbon peak and carbon
          neutrality” through financial innovation. In 2021, Huatai United Securities underwrote 46 green bonds, with a
          total financing scale of RMB50,314 million (on a consolidated basis). Huatai Securities Asset Management
          issued 6 carbon neutrality and green ABS with an amount of RMB11,010 million.

          In April 2021, Huatai United Securities, acting as the joint lead underwriter, facilitated China Energy Investment
          Group in issuing the “Tranche 1 Green Corporate Bonds in 2021 of China Energy Investment Group Co., Ltd.
          ( 國家能源投資集團有限責任公司 ) (Special for Carbon Neutrality)”. It is the green bond with the largest scale
          among the first batch of green corporate bonds for “carbon neutrality” on the SSE with an issuing scale of
          RMB5.0 billion. The proceeds will be mainly used in green projects with carbon emission reduction effects
          to facilitate the construction of a clean, low-carbon, safe and efficient energy system and contribute to the
          realization of the “carbon peak and carbon neutrality” goals.

          The Company also hosted the summit on carbon neutrality and green finance, the finance salon themed
          “Green Finance Development in the New Era of Carbon Reduction” and other communication activities on
          green finance in 2021, striving to enhance the public awareness on green finance and green development
          and jointly promote the healthy development of green finance with all parties.

          Serving real economies

          The Company actively responds to national strategies and provides science and technology enterprises
          with all-round financial services to effectively solve the problems such as huge R&D inputs and poor
          profitability and capital liquidity in the preliminary stage of science and technology enterprises and
          promote the stable and efficient development of science and technology enterprises. In 2021, Huatai United
          Securities successfully promoted 17 companies to log on the STAR Market, ranking the fourth in the number
          of enterprises sponsored by us.

          The Company is committed to providing professional financial services for high-growth private
          enterprises. Focusing on the needs of various stages of enterprise development, Huatai Securities
          provides comprehensive full-cycle financial services for the entire industry chain, and grows together
          with the enterprises. In 2021, the Company has provided continuous services to companies including
          Wingtech Technology, S.F. Holding, CNGR, Trina Solar and HYC, fully supporting the sustainable and healthy
          development of private enterprises.

          As the only company in China that has both GDR issuer and underwriter experience, the Company is
          capable and obliged to conform to the national strategy and made full use of domestic and foreign
          resources to provide professional and comprehensive financial services for Chinese companies to “go
          global”, and all-round support for building a new pattern of opening capital market to the outside world.

          4. Technology Empowering to Provide High-quality Services

          Adhering to the concept of “Fintech Empowerment Returning to the Origins of Financial Services for Common
          Development of Technology and Business”, the Company continued to promote digital transformation and
          improve the efficiency and quality of its own services through fintech empowerment. In 2021, the Company
          has continued to deepen the research and application of technologies such as artificial intelligence,
          cloud computing and big data and continuously upgraded and updated existing products, making new
          breakthroughs in technology innovation, achieving fruitful results and significantly enhancing the platform
          capability.

          Since the launch of the mobile wealth management terminal “ZhangLe Fortune Path” in 2014, the Company




192
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
has continued to optimize and upgrade it. In 2021, “ZhangLe Fortune Path” released a total of 28 versions.
With the purposes of developing scenarios and instruments with contents interaction, providing immersive
business handling experience and building featured market transactions and account services, the
Company actively established technology platforms focusing on new trends of wealth management for
customers to comprehensively improve customer services with the improvement of customer interaction
and the expansion of the number of customers and asset size as key points.




                                                                                   had been cumulatively

                                                                                                                               About Us
           As of the end of
                                                                                       downloaded by


              2021                                                                 65,319,600
  the“ZhangLe Fortune Path”APP                                                              users




5. Support for Employee Development Based on the Concept of “People-Oriented”                                               Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
The Company strictly observed the Labour Law of the People’ s Republic of China (《 中 華 人 民 共 和 國 勞 動
法》), Labour Contract Law of the People’ s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and other laws
and regulations, formulated and continuously improved the Employee Management Measures of Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. and other internal systems to carry out standard management on employment and
dismissal, equal employment, working hours management, rest and holidays and the prevention of child
labour and forced labour.

The Company persisted in the establishment of standard, fair and equal employment and dismissal




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
procedures, firmly opposed discrimination in employment, equally treated every jobseeker and employee,
and ensured fair employment and occupational development that does not be affected by race, belief, sex,
religion, nationality, ethnic group, age, marital status, disability, social status, etc. In addition, the Company
paid attention to the employment of female candidates and minority ethnic candidates, and provided
equal and fair employment opportunities for female candidates and minority ethnic candidates.

Based on the technology-empowered “two-pronged” strategy and empowering people strategy, the
Company built a talent development system with the quality as an international investment banking
employee should have, customer value-added capabilities and digital transformation capabilities. In 2021,
based on the Measures for Training Management of Huatai Securities Co. Ltd., the Company established
and optimized the talent cultivation system based on the whole life cycle for talent growth and continuously



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
conducted three series of training programs, namely the Huatai “STAR”, the “HIPO” for core employees and
the “BAL”, fully meeting employees’ development demands in different stages of career.




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
   In 2021


   Staff training attendance                With average training hours            Coverage ratio of staff training
             reached                           per capita (for parent                        reached
                                                   company) of



     1,396,745                                       66.8                                   100%
         person times                                  hours




                                                                                                                      193
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          6. Giving Back to the Community so as to Convey the Warmth of Finance

          Supporting rural revitalization

          The Company actively responses to national strategies by consolidating the achievements in poverty
          alleviation and continuously promoting rural revitalization.

          The Company has established a service system featuring with the leadership and command of the
          management, coordination between different functional departments, specific coordination within
          branches, and the active engagement of all subsidiaries with their expertise. The Company has given full
          play to its advantages in market industry and financial expertise, injected its capital, technology, talents,
          management and other modern production factors into villages with putting major efforts in aspects such
          as party building and association building, industrial support, consumer support and public welfare support,
          thus to make contribution to the comprehensive revitalization of villages in the new era.

          In 2021, the Company was awarded the honorary title of “Advanced Unit for Poverty Alleviation 2020” by the
          Old Liberated Area Construction Association, Foundation for Poverty Alleviation and Association for Poverty
          Alleviation and Development of Jiangsu Province.


          Supporting ecological protection

          Huatai Securities launched the campaign “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Yangtze River” in 2018
          and cooperated with charitable organizations such as the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) and Shan Shui
          Nature Conservation Center as well as other private protection authorities, university research institutions
          and the public, to jointly protect the biodiversity of the Yangtze River Basin and promote the harmonious
          development of the ecological environment.

          In 2021, the Company continuously united professional forces, conveyed the warmth of finance, promoted
          the dialogue and coordination between ecological protection and the capital market, boosted the strategic
          input of green finance and guided capital inflow into public welfare. In the source region of the Yangtze
          River, the Company has established a community protection base with a total area of 2,000 square
          kilometers and constantly improved resolutions on the
          ecological protection and the balanced development
          of communities. In the middle and lower reaches of
          the Yangtze River, the Company and the WWF jointly




                                                                                        100+
          launched the project “One Yangtze River Small Fund for
          Wildlife Protection” (Phase-II) to support the protection
          of nine representative threatened species, including the
          Yangtze porpoise and Aythya baeri, and their habitats
          by Fudan University and other local institutions, filling
          the blankness in the protection of certain threatened
          species. In addition, the Company and China
                                                                            In September 2021, the “One Commonweal
          Environmental Protection Foundation jointly launched
                                                                            Heart of Huatai One Yangtze River” project
          a 4K documentary on biodiversity protection, Huatai
                                                                            was selected into the “100+ Biodiversity
          Securities Asset Management and the SEE Foundation
                                                                            Positive Practices and Actions Around
          launched the first asset management product with the
                                                                            the World” at the 15th meeting of the
          theme of public welfare and the Company launched
                                                                            UN Conference of the Parties to the
          the “One Yangtze River Thousands of Cranes” and other
                                                                            Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD
          public welfare campaigns to protect biodiversity in all
                                                                            COP15).
          aspects.


          Practicing charity with love

          The Company has launched the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education
          program for six consecutive years, subsidizing the construction of software and hardware facilities in 5
          schools in Jinzhai and Yuexi in Anhui Province, Enshi, Hubei Province, Suqian, Jiangsu Province and Yushu,




194
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Qinghai Province. According to the differentiated demands of schools, the Company also introduced expert
resources in such aspects as psychology, pedagogy, sociology, tangible cultural heritage and ecology, and
regularly offered services to left-behind children and teachers, including neighborly action, summer training
for class teachers, funding for children in need, natural education and psychological counselling, in order to
continuously improve the specialization of the project.



                As of the end of 2021, the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow”


          ural education program benefited

                                                                                                                              About Us
                    55,758                                                     9,195
                                                                                teachers
                        children




III. DETAILS ON CONSOLIDATION AND EXPANSION OF THE RESULTS OF
POVERTY ALLEVIATION, RURAL REVITALIZATION AND OTHER WORK
                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
“One Company Helps One County” continuously deepened. The Company carried out the “One Company

                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Helps One County” assistance in pair with Jinzhai County, Anhui Province in October 2016 and Jinzhai County
was lifted from poverty in April 2020. In order to further consolidate the results of poverty alleviation and
summarize the experience on assistance in pair, the Company drafted and published the Research Report
on Regional Economy of Jinzhai County, which introduced the current development conditions of regional
economy, analyzed the difficulties in economic development and proposed forward-looking thinking and
professional suggestions on future development. Giving full play to its professional advantages and based
on the demands in industrial development in Jinzhai Country, the Company coordinated professional




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
staff to assist in the asset securitization program on the photovoltaic power station in Jinzhai Economic
Development Zone and carry out the coordination and preparation work. It provided “dual support for
aspiration and wisdom” and provided the government of Jinzhai County with “Smooth Learning” services
under the support of the Securities Association of China. With systematic and diversified learning resources,
it can better publicize financial knowledge and empower local financial cadres.

Seeking development through “East-west Collaboration”. The Company actively responded to the calls
of the Party committee and government of Jiangsu Province, adapted to the changes in the situation
and tasks and deepened the assistance under the east-west collaboration. During the Reporting Period,
it donated RMB500,000 to the pilot program on the environmental renovation in Keziletao Village, Halajun
Township, Atushi City, Kizilsu Kirghiz Autonomous Prefecture, Xinjiang to promote poverty alleviation and rural




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
revitalization and improve the production and living conditions in border areas. It donated RMB200,000 to
the charity program with the theme of “Jiangsu-Guizhou Targeted Poverty Alleviation • Spring Bud Program”,
which subsidizes poverty-stricken students in Tongren City, Guizhou Province to successfully finish their
studies. It proactively carried out assistance through consumption and procured agricultural and sideline



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
products with an amount of RMB458,300 from Qinghai and Tibet.

“Village-enterprise Construction” in full swing. Since November 2020, the Company has initiated the “village-
enterprise construction” in 10 villages in 5 cities in middle and north Jiangsu, including 2 villages in Xuzhou, 3
villages in Yancheng, 1 village in Huai’an, 2 villages in Yangzhou and 2 villages in Taizhou. With the target of
“building up foundations in the first year, making development in the second year and gaining results in the
third year”, the Company devoted itself to the village-enterprise cooperation for common development and
contributed to rural revitalization. During the Reporting Period, the Company invested assistance capitals
with a total amount of RMB6.20 million and promoted the implementation of 14 assistance programs, which
vigorously boosted the income growth of the collective economy of villages under the program and led the
villagers in taking the path of common prosperity.




                                                                                                                     195
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Major Events




          I. PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS
          Undertakings of de facto controllers, Shareholders, related parties, purchasers
          of the Company, the Company and other undertaking-related parties made or
          remained effective during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                              Any            Strictly
          Background                                                                        Date and          deadline for   performed
          of            Type of     Undertaking                                             duration of       performance    in a timely
          undertaking   undertaking party          Content of undertaking                   undertaking       or not         manner or not

                                                  Guoxin Group and its subsidiaries
                                                  or associated companies shall not
                                                  engage in or conduct any business
                                                  which may compete with the primary
                                                  business of Huatai Securities in any
          Other                                   way (including but not limited to self-
          undertakings                            operated, joint venture or associated) at
                                                                                             Issuing date:
          made to      To solve                   any time in the future (except for Jintai
                                                                                             June 27, 2014;
          minority     horizontal    Guoxin Group Futures Co., Ltd.). For any opportunities                    No            Yes
                                                                                             expiry date: in a
          Shareholders competition                to conduct, engage in or invest in any
                                                                                             long term
          of the                                  business that may compete with the
          Company                                 business of Huatai Securities available
                                                  to Guoxin Group and its subsidiaries or
                                                  associated companies, Guoxin Group
                                                  will give such opportunities to Huatai
                                                  Securities (except for Jintai Futures Co.,
                                                  Ltd.).




          II. THERE WAS NO NON-OPERATING MISAPPROPRIATION OF FUNDS
          OF THE COMPANY BY ANY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND
          OTHER RELATED PARTIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD.

         I I I . TH E CO M PANY HAD N O G UARANTEES I N VI O L ATI O N O F
         REGULATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD.




196
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
IV. STANDARD UNQUALIFIED OPINION AUDIT REPORT WAS PREPARED
BY THE ACCOUNTING FIRM OF THE COMPANY.


V. ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION FROM THE COMPANY ON THE
REASONS AND IMPACT OF THE CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
AN D ACCOU NTI N G ESTI MATES O R CO RRECTIO N O F MAJO R
ACCOUNTING ERRORS
                                                                                                                              About Us
(I) Analysis and explanation from the Company on the reasons and impact of the
change of accounting policies and accounting estimates

For the change of accounting policies and accounting estimates during the Reporting Period, please refer
to note 2. Significant Accounting Policies under Financial Report in this report.

(II) The Company made no correction of major accounting errors

                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
VI. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRM

                                                                             Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                     Currently employed units

Name of the domestic accounting firm                                                        KPMG Huazhen LLP

Remuneration of the domestic accounting firm                                                                 332




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Audit duration of the domestic accounting firm                                                           8 years

Name of the overseas accounting firm                                                                       KPMG

Remuneration of the overseas accounting firm                                                                 265

Audit duration of the overseas accounting firm                                                           7 years

                                     Name                                Remuneration

Accounting firm for the                                                  Please refer to the description
                                     KPMG Huazhen LLP



                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
auditing of internal controls                                            below this table


Description of appointment and removal of accounting firm



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
During the Reporting Period, as approved at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company, the
Company reappointed KPMG Huazhen LLP to audit the financial statements and conduct internal control
audit of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for 2021 to issue the 2021 audit report and internal control
audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB6.00 million.



VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RISKS OF SUSPENSION OF LISTING,
TERMINATION OF LISTING, BANKRUPTCY AND RESTRUCTURING




                                                                                                                     197
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VIII. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

          During the Reporting Period, there were no material litigation and arbitration of the Company with amount
          involving more than RMB10 million and accounting for more than 10% of the absolute value of the audited
          net assets of the Company for the latest period, which are required to be disclosed by the Rules Governing
          the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.

          (I) Litigation and Arbitration Disclosed in Ad hoc Announcements without
          Subsequent Development

          Summary and type of event                                                Query indexes

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities, Stone Group ( 四通集 Could be retrieved in the annual
          團 ) and Stone Group Financial Company ( 四通集團財務公司 )                reports for the Year 2011 to 2020

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities and Beijing Huazi Could be retrieved in the annual
          Syndicated Group ( 北京華資銀團集團 )                                    reports for the Year 2011 to 2020

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities, China Huacheng
                                                                         Could be retrieved in the annual
          Group Financial Co., Ltd. ( 中 國 華 誠 集 團 財 務 有 限 責 任 公 司 ) and
                                                                         reports for the Year 2011 to 2020
          Huacheng Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 華誠投資管理有限公司 )

          Stock pledged repurchase contract dispute under No. 3 Targeted
                                                                          Could be retrieved in the annual
          Assets Management Plan on Capital Innovation of China Merchants
                                                                          report for the Year 2020
          of Huatai Asset Management

          A considerable overloss in futures account of Zhang Xiaodong, a Could be retrieved in the annual
          client of Huatai Futures                                        reports for the Year 2013 to 2020




          (II) Litigation and Arbitration not Disclosed in Ad hoc Announcements or with
          Subsequent Development

          The litigation or arbitration of the Company which was newly raised but has not been disclosed (with an
          involved amount of over RMB100 million) or has been disclosed but had progress during the Reporting
          Period:

          1. Debt dispute between the Company and Sichuan Shengda Group Co., Ltd. ( 四川聖達集團有限
          公司 )

          The interest of corporate bond of Sichuan Shengda Group Co., Ltd. of 2012 (“12 Shengda bond” (12 聖達
          債 ), bond code: 1280443) was not able to be paid to the Company in full and the principal amount of the
          bond was not able to be paid for redemption in full upon maturity. The Company and other creditors jointly
          entrusted Chengdu Branch of the Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd. to lodge litigation at Sichuan Higher People’s Court
          on June 7, 2016 according to the decision made in the meeting of bondholders, requesting Sichuan Shengda
          Group Co., Ltd. to repay the principal amounts and interests. The total principal amount was RMB300 million,
          the interest shall be paid at the coupon rate of 7.25% calculated from December 6, 2014 till the date of
          repayment, and the penalty interest shall be paid at the annual interest rate of 3.625% calculated from
          December 6, 2015 till the date of repayment (of which RMB50 million was attributable to the Company). The
          case was closed through mediation. Sichuan Shengda Group Co., Ltd. agreed to pay the money above,
          confirming that Chengdu Branch of Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd. is entitled to the priority of claim for the money
          from disposal of the pledge and that relevant personnel are jointly responsible for liquidation. At present, the
          Intermediate People’s Court in Leshan City, Sichuan Province, the executive court, is disposing the pledge,
          among which 10 million shares of “GWACG” (stock code: 000835) were auctioned for the second time on
          November 21, 2018. The second largest shareholder of GWACG won the equity at RMB42.68 million. In February




198
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2019, the Company received the auction proceeds of approximately RMB7.01 million. Equity of Sichuan
Shengda Hydropower Development Co., Ltd. ( 四 川 聖 達 水 電 開 發 有 限 公 司 ) amounting RMB78 million, the
pledge, was publicly auctioned and sold, but the auction failed because no one bid. The creditors agreed
to settle the debt with the equity. After deduction of fees, the court delivered the equity to the execution
applicant, Chengdu Branch of Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd. on July 12, 2021 to settle the debt of RMB98,948,752.
The disposal of the equity is still in progress, and there is no cash collection yet. As of December 31, 2021, the
principal, interest and penalty interest receivable by the Company from Sichuan Shengda Group Co., Ltd.
were RMB44.5668 million, RMB22.8567 million and RMB10.4042 million, respectively.

2. Dispute over pledged securities repurchase

Matters                 Descriptions                                                                                                     About Us
                        Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Chu Jinfu, the
                        Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in July 2020, requesting
                        the court to order Chu Jinfu to pay the outstanding principal of RMB571.80 million and the
                        corresponding interest, liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights,
                        order Tang Fujun to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled
                        to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares,
Dispute over
                        equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Chu Jinfu and Henan
pledged securities
                        Senyuan Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Senyuan Group”) within the scope of relevant


                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
repurchase between
                        payment obligations. On June 24, 2021, the Company received the first-instance judgment from
the Company, Chu
                        the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that Chu Jinfu, the defendant, shall repay the
Jinfu, Tang Fujun
                        financing principal, the interest and liquidated damages to the Company and pay the lawyer’s fee.


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
and Henan Senyuan
                        The Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale
Group Co., Ltd.
                        of relevant shares, equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by
                        Chu Jinfu and Senyuan Group within the scope of the above payment obligations. Tang Fujun shall
                        undertake joint responsibilities on the payment obligations of Chu Jinfu. On July 8, 2021, Senyuan
                        Group and Tang Fujun appealed to the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province. On December
                        23, 2021, the Company received the second-instance judgment from the High People’s Court of
                        Jiangsu Province, which rejected the appeal and upheld the original judgment.

                        Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Senyuan Group, the




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                        Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in July 2020, requesting
                        the court to order Senyuan Group to pay the outstanding principal of RMB300 million and the
                        corresponding liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Chu
                        Jinfu to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled to the
                        priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares, equity
Dispute over
                        interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Senyuan Group within
pledged securities
                        the scope of relevant payment obligations. On June 24, 2021, the Company received the first-
repurchase between
                        instance judgment from the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that Senyuan Group, the
the Company, Henan
                        defendant, shall repay the financing principal and liquidated damages to the Company and pay
Senyuan Group Co.,
                        the lawyer’s fee. The Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the proceeds from the disposal
Ltd. and Chu Jinfu
                        of relevant shares, equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by
                        Senyuan Group within the scope of the above payment obligations. Chu Jinfu shall undertake
                        joint responsibilities on the above payment obligations of Senyuan Group. On July 8, 2021,




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                        Senyuan Group appealed to the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province. On December 23, 2021,
                        the Company received the second-instance judgment from the High People’s Court of Jiangsu
                        Province, which rejected the appeal and upheld the original judgment.




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                        Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Han Hua, the Company
                        filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in August 2020, requesting the
                        court to order Han Hua to pay the outstanding principal of RMB161,905,600 and the corresponding
                        interest, liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Yang
Dispute over pledged    Lijun to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled to the
securities repurchase   priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares and
between the             the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Han Hua within the scope of relevant
Company, Han Hua        payment obligations. On June 16, 2021, the Company received the first instance judgment from
and Yang Lijun          the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that Han Hua shall pay the amount on the stock
                        repurchase transaction and liquidated damages to the Company. The Company is entitled to the
                        priority of claim for the proceeds from the disposal of relevant shares pledged by Han Hua. Yang
                        Lijun shall undertake joint settlement responsibilities on the debts of Han Hua. The Company has
                        lodged an application to the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing for enforcement.




                                                                                                                                199
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Matters               Descriptions

                                Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Yang Lijun, the
                                Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in September 2020,
                                requesting the court to order Yang Lijun to pay the outstanding principal of RMB101,268,300 and
                                the corresponding interest, liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights,
          Dispute over          order Han Hua to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled
          pledged securities    to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares and
          repurchase between    the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Yang Lijun. On July 12, 2021, the Company
          the Company, Yang     received the first-instance judgment from the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that
          Lijun and Han Hua     Yang Lijun shall pay the amount on the stock repurchase transaction and liquidated damages to
                                the Company. The Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the proceeds from the disposal
                                of relevant shares pledged by Yang Lijun. Han Hua shall undertake joint settlement responsibilities
                                on the debts of Yang Lijun. The Company has lodged an application to the Intermediate People’s
                                Court of Nanjing for enforcement.




          3. Arbitration on the Dispute in relation to the Master Agreement on Bond Pledge Repurchase
          Transactions of Shanghai Stock Exchange between Everbright Securities Company Limited
          and the Company

          During the Reporting Period, the Company received an arbitration document from Shanghai International
          Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (Shanghai International Arbitration Center). Everbright
          Securities Company Limited applied to Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission
          for arbitration on the bond pledge repurchase transactions of Shanghai Stock Exchange, requesting the
          Company to repay the financing amount under four repurchase transactions under relevant agreements
          together with the corresponding interest and liquidated damages with a total amount of RMB240,149,300. As
          the Company is not the repurchasing party in the repurchase transactions under the agreements involved
          and it is only the dealer of the repurchasing party, the Company has appointed lawyers to respond to the
          case. On October 29, 2021, the case was heard at the Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration
          Commission. No arbitral award has been received by the Company as of the end of the Reporting Period.

          4. Dispute between Huatai United Securities and investors of 16 Bright Oceans Bonds

          Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd. was approved to issue corporate bonds with a nominal value of no more than
          RMB2.5 billion (the “16 Bright Oceans Bonds”) to qualified investors in 2015. Huatai United Securities served as
          the joint lead underwriter.

          (1) Disclosed cases with new developments

          On October 26, 2020, Huatai United Securities received a notice of respondence to action from the First
          Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing. China Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co., Ltd., the plaintiff,
          believed the bonds have breached contract and there were false and misleading statements or significant
          omissions in the Prospectus and the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter failed to perform due
          diligence obligations. It filed a lawsuit against the issuer, the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter,
          requesting the issuer to repay a principal of RMB45 million and interest of RMB16,481,126 and requesting the
          lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter to undertake joint responsibilities.

          On October 31, 2020, Huatai United Securities received a notice of respondence to action from the First
          Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing. Shenzhen Rongtong Capital Management Co., Ltd., the plaintiff, filed a
          lawsuit against the issuer, the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter, requesting the issuer to repay
          a principal of RMB500 million, the interest and the fees on the realization of the creditor’s rights with a total
          amount of RMB602.4 million, and requesting the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter to undertake
          joint responsibilities.

          On November 5, 2020, Huatai United Securities received a notice of respondence to action from the First
          Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing. CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. ( 中信信託有限責任公司 ), the plaintiff, filed a lawsuit
          against the issuer, the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter, requesting the issuer to repay a




200
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
principal of RMB20 million and the interest with a total amount of RMB23,536,400, and requesting the lead
underwriter and the joint lead underwriter to undertake joint responsibilities.

For the above cases, the First Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing has ruled that the three cases shall
be combined for trial and handed over to the Intermediate People’s Court of Harbin. On August 3, 2021, the
Intermediate People’s Court of Harbin served a civil judgment to lawyers of the Company, ruling that the
claims of the three plaintiffs have been effectively settled through bankruptcy and restructuring procedures
and that the debtor-creditor relationship between the plaintiffs and the defendant have been terminated.
Therefore, it rejected the claims of the plaintiffs. As for the first-instance judgment, Shenzhen Rongtong
Capital Management Co., Ltd. did not appeal, and China Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co., Ltd. and


                                                                                                                              About Us
CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. appealed. As China Foreign Economy and Trade Trust Co., Ltd., the appellant, failed to
pay its lawsuit fees on time, on December 30, 2021, the Higher People’s Court of Heilongjiang Province issued
the Civil Judgment of (2021) Hei Min Zhong No. 2085, and the case was handled as the plaintiff withdrew the
lawsuit. The first-instance judgment shall take effect from the date of service of the judgment. The second
instance of the case with CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. as the appellant was heard on January 21, 2022.

(2) New case

On March 8, 2021, Huatai United Securities received a notice of respondence to action from the First



                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing. China Securities Funds Management Limited, the plaintiff, filed a
lawsuit against the issuer, requesting the issuer to repay the principal and interest of the bond with a
total amount of RMB85,684,579 and requesting the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter, the


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
responsible person on the issuance, the accounting firm and the law firm to undertake joint compensation
responsibilities.

The First Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing made a ruling on April 25, 2021 that the case is handed over
to the Intermediate People’s Court of Harbin. It was because the plaintiff failed to pay its lawsuit fees on
time. On August 25, 2021, the Intermediate People’s Court of Harbin issued the Civil Judgment of (2021) Hei 01
Min Chu No. 1931, and the case was handled as the plaintiff withdrew the lawsuit.




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
5. Dispute over Magnate project between Huatai United Securities and Postal Savings Bank

For the “Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Special Program” (the “Magnate ABS”), Shanghai Fortune HFT
Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 上海富誠海富通資產管理有限公司 ) acted as the program manager and Huatai
United Securities acted as the financial consultant.

On September 21, 2020, Shanghai Financial Court issued the Notice of Respondence to Action and served
it to Huatai United Securities on September 25. Since investment in “Magnate ABS” was not fully redeemed,
Postal Savings Bank of China, the plaintiff, requested to order the five defendants to jointly compensate the
plaintiff an investment loss of RMB527 million and interest of RMB72 million (as of June 1, 2020) and order
the lawsuit fees shall be assumed by the five defendants, among which Huatai United Securities was listed
as the fifth defendant. Shanghai Financial Court heard the case three times on July 9, October 25 and



                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
December 24, 2021, respectively. No result of the first-instance judgment was received as of the end of the
Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
6. Bond default contract dispute under Huatai collective asset management program of
Huatai Asset Management

On June 24, 2020, Huatai Asset Management, on behalf of the collective asset management program and
as the plaintiff, lodged a civil lawsuit with Shanghai Financial Court on the violation of contract related to “16
Rightway 03” bonds against Rightway Property Development Co., Ltd. ( 正源房地產開發有限公司 ), the issuer
of the bonds, as the defendant and the amount involved was approximately RMB171 million. The case was
officially accepted and is under first trial. Based on relevant opinions and requirements of the Supreme
People’s Court on bonds review, the case has been transferred to the Intermediate People’s Court of Dalian.
The Intermediate People’s Court of Dalian issued a civil judgment on August 20, 2021, the result thereof
basically all supported the claims of Huatai Asset Management. As for calculation of the principal, interest
and liquidated damages in the first-instance judgment, the defendant filed an appeal. Liaoning High




                                                                                                                     201
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          People’s Court ruled on December 28, 2021 to uphold the original judgment. Huatai Asset Management shall
          proactively promote follow-up executions.



          IX. SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS BY,
          PUNISHMENT ON AND RECTIFICATION OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
          DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING
          SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

          1. On July 22, 2021, Shanghai Bureau of the CSRC issued the Decision on Ordering of Huatai Securities
          (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd. to Take Rectification Measures (Hu Zheng Jian Jue [2021] No. 104) to
          Huatai Asset Management, stating that Huatai Asset Management has insufficient internal control system in
          the process of carrying out fixed-income business, the credit risk management mechanism is unsound, and
          it fails to accurately identify, prudently assess and wholly manage the credit risks, and some products have
          liquidity risks. Huatai Asset Management was ordered to take rectifications and submit a written report to
          Shanghai Bureau of the CSRC before August 31, 2021.

          In response to the issues raised in (Hu Zheng Jian Jue [2021] No. 104), Huatai Asset Management conducted
          comprehensive reviews and took rectifications in a timely manner. Through rectification measures on
          several aspects, including bond credit research, product liquidity management, risk control, investment and
          research system, the Plan on Risk Control System of Fixed-income Business of Huatai Securities (Shanghai)
          Asset Management Co., Ltd. was prepared and implemented. Currently, Huatai Asset Management has
          completed its rectifications and submitted a written rectification report to Shanghai Bureau of the CSRC on
          August 9, 2021, and obtained the acceptance.

          2. Save for the foregoing, none of the Company and its Directors, Supervisors, senior management,
          shareholders holding over 5% of equity interest or de facto controllers were investigated by competent
          authorities, imposed with coercive measures by a judiciary authority or disciplinary department, transferred
          to a judicial authority or held criminally liable, banned from accessing to the market, identified as unsuitable
          persons, punished by other administrative departments or publicly condemned by a stock exchange.




          X. INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
          AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

          During the Reporting Period, the Company and its de facto controllers maintained good faith with no cases
          such as non-performance of effective court judgment or overdue of relatively large liability.




          XI. MAJOR RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          Details on the related-party transactions under the relevant accounting standards can be found in note
          55 to the financial statements of this report headed “Related party relationships and transactions”. The
          Company confirmed that, except for the following transaction, the related-party transactions shown in
          notes to the financial statements were not qualified as the “connected transactions” or the “continuing
          connected transactions” as defined in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (as the case may be), and
          those qualified as the connected transactions in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules were fully in
          compliance with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




202
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Establishment of a Partnership (Nanjing Huatai Guoxin Medical Investment Partnership (LP))

In order to explore potential investment opportunities and bring benefits and obtain better returns
to shareholders, on December 31, 2020, Huatai Purple Gold Investment (as a general partner and an
executive partner) and Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. (as a general partner), Nanjing
Industrial Development Fund Co., Ltd. (as a limited partner) and Nanjing Beilian Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
(as a limited partner) entered into a partnership agreement to establish Nanjing Huatai Guoxin Medical
Investment Partnership (LP), which mainly focuses on investing in the medical and health industry, including
biomedicine, medical equipment, medical services and other fields. Pursuant to the partnership agreement,
the total capital contribution by all partners to the partnership shall be RMB3,000,000,000, being initial


                                                                                                                           About Us
subscription scale for the fund and of which, Huatai Purple Gold Investment shall contribute RMB600,000,000.
Huatai Purple Gold Investment serves as the fund manager, providing investment consulting, investment
management and other services to the partnership, and the partnership shall pay the fund management
fee to Huatai Purple Gold Investment. From the date of establishment of the partnership to the expiry of the
thirty-sixth month from the date of establishment of the partnership, the billing base of the management
fee that each partner shall share is the amount of subscribed capital contribution and the rate of 1% per
year; From the day after the expiry of thirty-sixth month from the date of establishment of the partnership, to
the expiry of eighty-fourth month from the date of establishment of the partnership, the billing base of the
management fee that each partner shall share is the original investment cost of the partnership that has


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
invested but has not yet withdrawn from the investment project, and the rate of 1% per year. On January 29,
2021, the Board of the Company considered and approved the Proposal on the Establishment of Industrial


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Fund by Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd., a Wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company (《關於公司全資
子公司華泰紫金投資有限責任公司投資設立產業基金的議案》) and the main rights and obligations of Huatai Purple
Gold Investment and Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. in the partnership agreement will take
effect upon the approval of the Board of the Company and fulfilment of the approval or decision-making
procedures by Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. For details, please refer to the announcement of
the Company dated January 29, 2021.

Guoxin Group is a substantial shareholder of the Company, holding approximately 14.86% of the entire




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
issued share capital of the Company on January 29, 2021, and thus is a connected person of the Company
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary
of Guoxin Group, and hence Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. is an associate of Guoxin Group
and a connected person of the Company under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transaction
contemplated under the establishment of the partnership constitutes a connected transaction of the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratio in
respect of the capital contribution for the establishment of the partnership is more than 0.1% but less than
5%, as calculated under Rule 14.07 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the establishment of the partnership is
only subject to the reporting and announcement requirements, but exempted from the requirements of
circular and independent shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. As all
the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the management fees receivable by Huatai Purple Gold



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Investment as the fund manager of the partnership are less than 0.1%, as calculated under Rule 14.07 of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the collection of the management fees is exempted from the requirements of
reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Listing Rules.




XII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE THEREOF

(I) Custody, contracting or leasin

During the Reporting Period, the Company was not engaged in any custody, contracting or leasing.




                                                                                                                  203
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Guarantees
                                                                                                                           Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                         External guarantees of the Company (excluding the guarantees for subsidiaries)

          Total amount of guarantees during the Reporting Period (excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                             -
          subsidiaries)

          Total balance of guarantees at the end of the Reporting Period (A) (excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                             -
          subsidiaries)

                                                Guarantees of the Company and its subsidiaries for its subsidiaries

          Total amount of guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                       90.02

          Total balance of guarantees for subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                                          237.83

                                       Total guarantee amount of the Company (including the guarantees for subsidiaries)

          Total guarantee amount (A+B)                                                                                                                 237.83

          Percentage of the total guarantee amount to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                      16.02

          Among which:

          Amount of guarantees provided for shareholders, actual controllers and their related parties (C)                                                   –

          Amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an
                                                                                                                                                        175.83
          asset-liability ratio of more than 70% (D)

          Excess amount of the total guarantee over 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                                –

          Total amount of the three guarantees mentioned above (C+D+E)                                                                                  175.83

                                                                                                                  Bearing the principal, interest and other
          Undue guarantees with joint and several liabilities
                                                                                                                                   expenses of the bonds

                        1. Guarantees Provided by the Company
                        (1) In January 2015, Huatai Asset Management was officially founded. With the steady development of the Company’s asset
                        management business and the rapid expansion of the scale of asset management, in order to ensure the risk control indicators
                        of Huatai Asset Management meet the supervisory requirements, the Company’s Shareholders’ meeting reviewed and
                        approved relevant resolutions respectively on March 30, 2015 and September 13, 2016, approved the Company to offer Huatai
                        Asset Management a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB1.2 billion and RMB5.0 billion and promised that,
                        whenever Huatai Asset Management needs to expand businesses, it will provide cash support within the aforesaid amount
                        unconditionally.
                        On December 31, 2020, Shanghai Securities Regulatory Bureau approved the Company to terminate the commitment on the
                        provision of net capital guarantee with an amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai Asset Management. As at the end of the Reporting
                        Period, the Company provided a total net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB4.2 billion to Huatai Asset
                        Management.
                        (2) In 2017, as approved and passed at the fifth meeting of the fourth session of the Board and the 2016 Annual General Meeting
                        of the Company, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB1.9 billion to Huatai Asset
                        Management. The net capital guarantee of RMB1.9 billion has not been utilized during the Reporting Period.
                        (3) In 2018, as approved and passed at the sixteenth meeting of the fourth session of the Board, the Company provided a net
                        capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities. The net capital guarantee will be
                        available from July 1, 2019.
                        (4) In 2019, as considered and approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board, the Company (as the
                        guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee) for the provision of an
                        unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of USD500 million for the bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of
          Conditions of Huatai International. In 2020, as considered and approved at the second meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company
          guarantees    (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee) for the provision of
                        an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of USD400 million for the bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of
                        Huatai International.
                        (5) In 2020, as considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company provided a
                        liquidity guarantee with a maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities, which had not been utilized during the
                        Reporting Period.
                        (6) In April 2021, as considered and approved at the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board and the 2021 First
                        Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, the persons authorized by the general mandate to issue onshore and offshore
                        debt financing instruments of the Company may sign relevant agreements, and the Company (as the guarantor) has entered
                        into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable
                        guarantee respectively for USD1,300 million bonds and additional USD100 million bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a
                        subsidiary of Huatai International.
                        2. Guarantees Provided by the Subsidiaries
                        During the Reporting Period, Huatai International and its subsidiaries had provided guarantees for the benefits of their
                        subsidiaries in connection with their business operations, which are mainly guarantees for corporate bonds, guarantees for
                        medium-term notes, and guarantees for transactions with counterparties involving the signing of international swaps and
                        derivatives association agreements. The aggregate guaranteed amount was approximately RMB2.355 billion as of the end of
                        the Reporting Period.
                        3. The aforesaid amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an asset-liability
                        ratio of more than 70% was RMB17.583 billion, including: 1) guarantee provided by the Company to Pioneer Reward Limited, a
                        subsidiary of Huatai International, for the issuance of USD2.3 billion bonds; 2) the guarantee provided by Huatai International and
                        its subsidiaries to meet the needs of the business operation of their subsidiaries.




204
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(III) Other material contracts

1. According to the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Standards
for the Contents and Formats of Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 2
– Contents and Formats of Annual Report (Revised in 2021) (《公開發行證券的公司信息披露內容與格式準則第 2 號－
年度報告的內容與格式 (2021 年修訂 )》), the Group did not enter into material contracts during the Reporting
Period.

2. There was no progress of relevant material contracts disclosed during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                             About Us
XIII. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER MAJOR EVENTS THAT HAVE SIGNIFICANT
IMPACTS ON INVESTORS TO MAKE VALUE JUDGMENTS AND
INVESTMENT DECISIONS

(I) Capital increase in subsidiaries of the Company


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
For details on capital increase in subsidiaries of the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to “(IX)
Other information” under “VI. Major Operations during the Reporting Period” under “Management Discussion


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(II) Description of major events of the subsidiaries

1. Huatai Purple Gold Investment

During the Reporting Period, the Board of the Company approved the participation of Huatai Purple Gold
Investment in the investment in and establishment of Nanjing Huatai Guoxin Medical Investment Partnership
(Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰國信醫療投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), with a total fund subscription amount of




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
RMB3,000 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner and a general
partner, has contributed RMB600 million. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment
has paid-in capital of RMB240 million.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Huaian Huatai
Yuanhong Technology Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 淮安華泰遠宏科技創業投資合夥企業
( 有限合夥 )), with a total fund subscription amount of RMB500 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a
fund manager, an executive partner and a general partner, has contributed RMB100 million. As of the end of
the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment has paid-in capital of RMB40 million.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Nanjing Huatai



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Zijin Emerging Industry Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰紫金新興產業基金合夥企業 ( 有限合
夥 )), with a total fund subscription amount of RMB768.625 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund
manager, an executive partner and a general partner, has contributed RMB153.725 million. As of the end of




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment has paid-in capital of RMB30.745 million.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment has contributed additional RMB87 million to
Jiangsu Purple Gold Cloud Healthy Industry Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 江蘇紫金弘雲健康
產業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) sponsored and established by it. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai
Purple Gold Investment has paid-in capital of RMB232 million.

During the Reporting Period, Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin No. 1 Equity Management (Limited Partnership) ( 深
圳 市 華 泰 瑞 麟 一 號 股 權 投 資 基 金 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) managed by Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Fund Investment
Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深圳市華泰瑞麟基金投資管理合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), a holding
subsidiary of Huatai Purple Gold Investment, completed industrial and commercial deregistration.




                                                                                                                    205
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Huatai International

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai International established Taibao Capital Management Co., Ltd. ( 泰保資本
          管理有限公司 ) as its wholly-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong.

          During the Reporting Period, AssetMark Financial, Inc., a subsidiary of Huatai International, registered and
          established Gossamer Merger Sub, Inc. as its wholly-owned subsidiary, through which it completed the
          acquisition of four companies, namely Voyant, Inc., Voyant UK Limited, Voyant Financial Technologies,
          Inc. and Voyant Australia Pty Ltd, and completed deregistration of Gossamer Merger Sub, Inc. after the
          acquisition.

          During the Reporting Period, AssetMark Financial, Inc., a subsidiary of Huatai International, deregistered three
          overseas subsidiaries, namely OBS Financial Services, Inc., WBI OBS Financial, LLC and OBS Holdings, Inc.

          3. Huatai Futures

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Capital Management (Hong Kong) Limited, an overseas subsidiary
          of Huatai Futures, increased its investments in its wholly-owned subsidiaries namely Huatai (Hong Kong)
          Futures Limited and Huatai Financial USA, Inc. by HK$6 million and HK$3 million, respectively.

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures appointed Mr. Zhao Changtao as the general manager.

          4. Jiangsu Equity Exchange

          During the Reporting Period, Jiangsu Equity Exchange held a board meeting, at which Mr. Sun Hanlin was
          elected as chairman of the third session of the board of directors for a term ending at the expiry of the third
          session of the board of directors.

          During the Reporting Period, the registered address of Jiangsu Equity Exchange was changed from “11/F,
          188 Lushan Road, Nanjing” to “3/F, Building 10, Financial City, No. 377 Middle Jiangdong Road, Jianye District,
          Nanjing”.

          5. Huatai Innovative Investment

          During the Reporting Period, the registered address of Huatai Innovative Investment was changed from
          “Room 1501, 15/F, Block 28, Fengsheng Hutong, Xicheng District, Beijing” to “Room 701-8 to 701-11, 7/F, Block 28,
          Fengsheng Hutong, Xicheng District, Beijing”.

          6. Huatai Asset Management

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management appointed Mr. Nie Tingjin as the general manager.

          (III) Others

          The fifth session of the Board convened the twentieth meeting on December 1, 2021, and considered and
          approved the Resolution on the Acquisition of 100% Equity Interest in Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and
          Management Co., Ltd. During the Reporting Period, the Company acquired 100% equity interest in Shanghai
          Shengju Asset Operation and Management Co., Ltd. by way of public bidding, auction and listing through
          Shandong Property Rights Exchange Center, and actually purchased the properties in Building C of Shanghai
          Poly Plaza for daily office use. At present, the industrial and commercial registration modification procedures
          and the transfer procedures for related assets are still in process.

          (IV) For other major events disclosed by the Company on China Securities Journal,
          Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times, Securities Daily and the website of the
          Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn) during the Reporting Period, please
          refer to Appendix III Information Disclosures Index.




206
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
XV. MAIN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ITEMS THAT MAY AFFECT THE
COMPANY’S FINANCIAL SITUATION AND OPERATING RESULTS

For the main off-balance sheet items that may affect the Company’s financial situation and operating
results, please refer to “(II) Guarantees” under “XII. Material Contracts and Performance Thereof” under “Major
Events” in this report.




XVI. IMPORTANT MATTERS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
                                                                                                                           About Us

(I) Proposal or resolution on annual distribution

Please refer to “Important Notice” in this report.

(II) Material Investment and financing activities

Please refer to note 65 to the financial statements headed “Events after the reporting date” in this report.

(III) Material litigation and arbitration                                                                               Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
After the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any material litigation and arbitration.

(IV) Business combination or disposal of subsidiary

After the Reporting Period, the Company did not conduct any business combination or disposal of
subsidiary.

(V) Other situations that might materially affect the financial position, results of




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
operation and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period

The Company had no other situations that might materially affect the financial position, results of operation
and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                  207
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CHANGES IN SHARES
          AND SHAREHOLDERS




          I. CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

          (I) Statement of changes in shares

          1. Statement of changes in shares
                                                                                                                                Unit: Shares

                                    Before the change              Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change           After the change

                                                                           Shares
                                                             New
                                               Percentage         Bonus converted                                               Percentage
                                     Number               shares                            Others      Subtotal     Number
                                                      (%)        shares      from                                                      (%)
                                                          issued
                                                                         reserves

          I. Shares subject to
                                           –            –      –         –          –    45,488,000   45,488,000   45,488,000          0.50
          selling restrictions

          1. Shares held by the
                                           –            –      –         –          –             –           –            –              –
          state

          2. Shares held by
          state-owned legal                –            –      –         –          –             –           –            –              –
          persons

          3. Shares held by other
                                           –            –      –         –          –             –           –            –              –
          domestic investors

          Including: Shares held
          by domestic non-
                                           –            –      –         –          –             –           –            –              –
          state-owned legal
          persons

          Shares held by
          domestic natural                 –            –      –         –          –    45,488,000   45,488,000   45,488,000          0.50
          persons

          4. Shares held by
                                           –            –      –         –          –             –           –            –              –
          foreign investors

          Including: Shares held
          by overseas legal                –            –      –         –          –             –           –            –              –
          persons

          Shares held by
          overseas natural                 –            –      –         –          –             –           –            –              –
          persons




208
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                            Before the change                 Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change              After the change

                                                                      Shares
                                                        New
                                          Percentage         Bonus converted                                                    Percentage
                              Number                 shares                            Others       Subtotal       Number
                                                 (%)        shares      from                                                           (%)
                                                     issued
                                                                    reserves

II. Tradable shares
not subject to selling   9,076,650,000        100.00      –         –          – -45,488,000     -45,488,000   9,031,162,000         99.50
restrictions

1. Ordinary shares in
                         7,357,604,320          81.06     –         –          – -45,488,000     -45,488,000    7,312,116,320        80.56
RMB


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
2. Domestic listed
                                     –             –      –         –          –             –            –                –            –
foreign shares

3. Overseas listed
                          1,719,045,680         18.94     –         –          –             –            –    1,719,045,680         18.94
foreign shares

4. Others                            –             –      –         –          –             –            –                –            –

III. Total shares        9,076,650,000        100.00      –         –          –             –            – 9,076,650,000           100.00




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
2. Information on changes in shares



                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the registration of the grant of restricted A Shares.
45,488,000 restricted A Shares granted to incentive participants were changed from tradable shares not
subject to selling restrictions to shares subject to selling restrictions, and the source of shares was ordinary
A Shares repurchased by the Company from secondary market.

3. The changes in shares had no impact on earnings per share, net asset value per share or
other financial indicators for the latest year and the latest period




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
4. Other contents that the Company deemed necessary or the securities regulatory authorities
required to disclose

On July 6, 2021, Guoxin Group notified the Company that Guoxin Group increased its holding of H Shares in
the Company by 2,363,600 H Shares via Southbound Trading, accounting for approximately 0.0260% of the
Company’s total shares. After the increase in shareholding, Guoxin Group held 1,351,597,036 shares of the
Company, accounting for approximately 14.8909% of the Company’s total shares. Guoxin Group intended
to continue to increase its holding of H Shares of the Company via Southbound Trading within the next
six months from the date of the increase in shareholding, with the increased shareholding percentage in
aggregate not less than 0.1102% (10 million shares) of the Company’s total shares and not higher than 0.5%
of the Company’s total shares (inclusive of this increase in shareholding). (See Shanghai Stock Exchange



                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
announcement 2021-045 for details)

On November 22, 2021, Guoxin Group notified the Company that the implementation of the shareholding
increase plan had been completed. During the period from July 6, 2021 to November 22, 2021, Guoxin Group



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
has increased its holding of H Shares of the Company by 24,248,200 H Shares through Southbound Trading,
accounting for approximately 0.2671% of the Company’s total shares, which reached the lower limit but
did not exceed the upper limit of the shareholding increase plan; the cumulative amount of shareholding
increase was RMB216,501,443.82 (exclusive of service fees). After the increase in shareholding, Guoxin Group
held 1,373,481,636 shares of the Company, accounting for approximately 15.1320% of the total share capital of
the Company. (see Shanghai Stock Exchange announcement 2021-059 for details)




                                                                                                                                             209
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Changes in shares subject to selling restrictions
                                                                                                                                        Unit: Shares

                                                                         Increase in
                                   Number                Number         the number
                                  of shares             of shares          of shares     Number of
                                    subject             released             subject shares subject
                                  to selling         from selling          to selling      to selling                                     Date of
                             restrictions at          restrictions       restrictions restrictions at                Reasons              release
          Name of            the beginning             during the         during the the end of the                 for selling      from selling
          shareholder           of the year                  year               year            year              restrictions        restrictions

          Incentive                                                                                                Incentive
          participants                                                                                            scheme of          See note for
                                             -                   -           45,488,000          45,488,000
          of restricted A                                                                                        restricted A             details
          Shares                                                                                                      Shares

          Total                              -                   -           45,488,000          45,488,000                   /                    /


          Note: The unlocking period and unlocking schedule of each period of the restricted shares granted under the incentive scheme are set out
          below:



          Unlocking                                                                                                                   Unlocking
          Arrangement               Unlocking Period                                                                                 proportion

                                    Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 24 months
                                    from the date of completion of registration for the grant of the
          The first unlocking
                                    corresponding portion of the restricted shares to the last trading day of                                33%
          period
                                    36 months from the date of completion of registration for the grant of
                                    the restricted shares

                                    Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 36 months
                                    from the date of completion of registration for the grant of the
          The second
                                    corresponding portion of the restricted shares to the last trading day of                                33%
          unlocking period
                                    48 months from the date of completion of registration for the grant of
                                    the restricted shares

                              Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 48 months
                              from the date of completion of registration for the grant of the
          The third unlocking
                              corresponding portion of the restricted shares to the last trading day of                                      34%
          period
                              60 months from the date of completion of registration for the grant of
                              the restricted shares




          II. THE ISSUANCE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

          (I) Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement its working capital and repay its debt financing
          instruments, the Company issued the following securities:
                                                                                                                                       Currency: RMB

                                                                   Issue                                                Number of
                                                               price (or                                                 securities
          Types of shares and their                             interest       Number of                           permitted to be Ending date
          derivative securities                  Date of issue     rate) securities issued       Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

          Bonds (including company bonds, corporate bonds and debt financing instruments of non-financial enterprises)

          Corporate bonds                           2021-01-18    3.58%         RMB4.0 billion      2021-01-27      RMB4.0 billion     2024-01-19

          Corporate bonds                         2021-04-22      3.42%         RMB5.0 billion     2021-04-29       RMB5.0 billion    2024-04-25

          Corporate bonds                          2021-05-13        3.71%      RMB6.0 billion     2021-05-26       RMB6.0 billion     2026-05-16




210
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                 Issue                                             Number of
                                             price (or                                              securities
Types of shares and their                     interest       Number of                        permitted to be Ending date
derivative securities          Date of issue     rate) securities issued    Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

Corporate bonds                 2021-05-20      3.28%     RMB4.0 billion      2021-05-27       RMB4.0 billion    2024-05-23

Corporate bonds                 2021-05-20      3.63%     RMB2.0 billion      2021-05-27       RMB2.0 billion    2026-05-23

Corporate bonds                  2021-06-10     3.40%     RMB2.0 billion       2021-06-21      RMB2.0 billion    2024-06-14

Corporate bonds                  2021-06-17     3.45%     RMB2.5 billion      2021-06-24       RMB2.5 billion    2024-06-20

Corporate bonds                 2021-09-03      3.78%     RMB2.7 billion       2021-09-13      RMB2.7 billion    2031-09-06


                                                                                                                                         About Us
Corporate bonds                 2021-09-03      3.03%      RMB1.5 billion      2021-09-13      RMB1.5 billion    2024-09-06

Corporate bonds                   2021-10-14    3.99%     RMB3.4 billion       2021-10-22      RMB3.4 billion     2031-10-17

Corporate bonds                   2021-10-14    3.25%      RMB2.1 billion      2021-10-22       RMB2.1 billion    2024-10-17

Corporate bonds                   2021-10-21    3.94%      RMB1.1 billion      2021-10-28       RMB1.1 billion    2031-10-24

Corporate bonds                   2021-10-21    3.22%     RMB2.2 billion       2021-10-28      RMB2.2 billion    2024-10-24

Short-term corporate bonds      2021-06-24      2.95%     RMB4.0 billion      2021-07-02       RMB4.0 billion    2022-06-27

Short-term corporate bonds       2021-07-07     2.75%     RMB2.0 billion       2021-07-15      RMB2.0 billion    2022-02-21


                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Short-term corporate bonds       2021-07-07     2.87%     RMB4.0 billion       2021-07-15      RMB4.0 billion    2022-07-08

Short-term corporate bonds       2021-07-15     2.75%     RMB3.0 billion       2021-07-23      RMB3.0 billion    2022-07-18


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Short-term corporate bonds      2021-08-05      2.55%     RMB4.0 billion       2021-08-13      RMB4.0 billion    2022-02-10

Short-term corporate bonds       2021-08-12      2.51%    RMB4.0 billion      2021-08-20       RMB4.0 billion     2022-01-19

Short-term corporate bonds      2021-08-24      2.40%     RMB3.0 billion       2021-08-31      RMB3.0 billion     2021-11-08

Short-term corporate bonds       2021-12-02     2.64%     RMB2.3 billion        2021-12-10     RMB2.3 billion    2022-06-07

Short-term corporate bonds       2021-12-02     2.70%     RMB2.7 billion        2021-12-10     RMB2.7 billion     2022-11-24

Short-term corporate bonds       2021-12-09     2.62%     RMB2.0 billion        2021-12-17     RMB2.0 billion    2022-05-12




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Short-term corporate bonds        2021-12-17    2.70%      RMB1.0 billion      2021-12-27      RMB1.0 billion    2022-09-20

Short-term corporate bonds        2021-12-17    2.75%     RMB4.0 billion       2021-12-27      RMB4.0 billion    2022-12-20

Short-term corporate bonds       2021-12-27     2.75%     RMB4.0 billion      2022-01-05       RMB4.0 billion     2022-11-28

Subordinated bonds               2021-01-27     4.50%     RMB9.0 billion      2021-02-04       RMB9.0 billion    2026-01-28

Perpetual subordinated bonds     2021-09-15     3.85%     RMB3.0 billion      2021-09-28       RMB3.0 billion    2026-09-16

Perpetual subordinated bonds     2021-10-26     4.00%     RMB5.0 billion        2021-11-03     RMB5.0 billion    2026-10-27

Perpetual subordinated bonds      2021-11-16    3.80%     RMB2.0 billion        2021-11-24     RMB2.0 billion     2026-11-17

Short-term financing bonds        2021-01-21    2.48%     RMB3.0 billion       2021-01-26      RMB3.0 billion    2021-04-23




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Short-term financing bonds       2021-01-25     2.42%     RMB3.0 billion       2021-01-28      RMB3.0 billion    2021-04-26

Short-term financing bonds      2021-03-05      2.68%     RMB3.0 billion       2021-03-10      RMB3.0 billion    2021-06-04

Short-term financing bonds      2021-06-23      2.40%     RMB4.0 billion      2021-06-28       RMB4.0 billion    2021-09-22




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Short-term financing bonds       2021-07-13      2.15%    RMB4.0 billion       2021-07-16      RMB4.0 billion     2021-10-12

Short-term financing bonds       2021-07-20      2.15%    RMB3.0 billion       2021-07-23      RMB3.0 billion     2021-10-19


Information of the issuance of securities during the Reporting Period (for the bonds with different interest
rates in the duration period, please explain separately):

1. Corporate bonds

On January 18, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
Tranche) (Type I) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.58%. Such bonds were listed
for trading on January 27, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai G1” and “175648.SH”,




                                                                                                                                211
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the
          trading ended on January 19, 2024.

          On April 22, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.42%. Such bonds were listed for trading
          on April 29, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai G3” and “188047.SH”, respectively,
          and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5.0 billion with the trading
          ended on April 25, 2024.

          On May 13, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Third Tranche)
          to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB6.0 billion at an issue price of RMB100
          per bond, carrying 5-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.71%. Such bonds were listed for trading on May
          26, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai G4” and “188106.SH”, respectively, and the
          amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB6.0 billion with the trading ended on
          May 16, 2026.

          On May 20, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fourth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB6.0 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year and 5-year fixed rates. The amount of the 3-year bonds came to RMB4.0
          billion with a coupon rate of 3.28%, while the amount of the 5-year bonds came to RMB2.0 billion with a
          coupon rate of 3.63%. Such bonds were listed for trading on May 27, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the
          3-year bonds were “21 Huatai G5” and “188134.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to
          be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the trading ended on May 23, 2024; the abbreviation and
          code of the 5-year bonds were “21 Huatai G6” and “188140.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
          permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the trading ended on May 23, 2026.

          On June 10, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fifth Tranche)
          (Type I) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.0 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.40%. Such bonds were listed for trading
          on June 21, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai G7” and “188239.SH”, respectively,
          and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the trading
          ended on June 14, 2024.

          On June 17, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Sixth Tranche)
          (Type I) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.5 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.45%. Such bonds were listed for trading
          on June 24, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai 09” and “188282.SH”, respectively,
          and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.5 billion with the trading
          ended on June 20, 2024.

          On September 3, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Seventh
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.2 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year and 10-year fixed rates. The amount of the 3-year bonds came to RMB1.5
          billion with a coupon rate of 3.03%, while the amount of the 10-year bonds came to RMB2.7 billion with a
          coupon rate of 3.78%. Such bonds were listed for trading on September 13, 2021. The abbreviation and code
          of the 3-year bonds were “21 Huatai 11” and “188324.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted
          to be listed for trading came to RMB1.5 billion with the trading ended on September 6, 2024; the abbreviation
          and code of the 10-year bonds were “21 Huatai 12” and “188325.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
          bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.7 billion with the trading ended on September 6, 2031.

          On October 14, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Eighth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.5 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year and 10-year fixed rates. The amount of the 3-year bonds came to RMB2.1
          billion with a coupon rate of 3.25%, while the amount of the 10-year bonds came to RMB3.4 billion with a
          coupon rate of 3.99%. Such bonds were listed for trading on October 22, 2021. The abbreviation and code of
          the 3-year bonds were “21 Huatai 13” and “188874.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted




212
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
to be listed for trading came to RMB2.1 billion with the trading ended on October 17, 2024; the abbreviation
and code of the 10-year bonds were “21 Huatai 14” and “188875.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.4 billion with the trading ended on October 17, 2031.

On October 21, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Ninth
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.3 billion at an issue price of
RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year and 10-year fixed rates. The amount of the 3-year bonds came to RMB2.2
billion with a coupon rate of 3.22%, while the amount of the 10-year bonds came to RMB1.1 billion with a
coupon rate of 3.94%. Such bonds were listed for trading on October 28, 2021. The abbreviation and code of
the 3-year bonds were “21 Huatai 15” and “188926.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted


                                                                                                                           About Us
to be listed for trading came to RMB2.2 billion with the trading ended on October 24, 2024; the abbreviation
and code of the 10-year bonds were “21 Huatai 16” and “188927.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.1 billion with the trading ended on October 24, 2031.

2. Short-term corporate bonds

On June 24, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(First Tranche) (Type II) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion at an
issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 365-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.95%. Such bonds were



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
listed for trading on July 2, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai S2” and “163883.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the
trading ended on June 27, 2022.


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
On July 7, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Second Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB6.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 228-day and 365-day fixed rates. The amount of the 228-day bonds
came to RMB2.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.75%, while the amount of the 365-day bonds came to RMB4.0
billion with a coupon rate of 2.87%. Such bonds were listed for trading on July 15, 2021. The abbreviation and
code of the 228-day bonds were “21 Huatai S3” and “163888.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the trading ended on February 21, 2022; the




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
abbreviation and code of the 365-day bonds were “2021 Huatai S4” and “163889.SH”, respectively, and the
amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the trading ended on July
8, 2022.

On July 15, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Third Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 365-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.75%. Such bonds were listed
for trading on July 23, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai S5” and “163892.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.0 billion with the
trading ended on July 18, 2022.

On August 5, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
(Fourth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 186-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.55%. Such bonds were listed
for trading on August 13, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai S6” and “188548.SH”,



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the
trading ended on February 10, 2022.

On August 12, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Fifth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 157-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.51%. Such bonds were listed
for trading on August 20, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai S7” and “188591.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the
trading ended on January 19, 2022.

On August 24, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Sixth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.0 billion at an issue




                                                                                                                  213
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 75-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.40%. Such bonds were listed
          for trading on August 31, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai S8” and “188658.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.0 billion with
          the trading ended on November 8, 2021, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
          Reporting Period.

          On December 2, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Seventh Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at an
          issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 184-day and 354-day fixed rates. The amount of the 184-day bonds
          came to RMB2.3 billion with a coupon rate of 2.64%, while the amount of the 354-day bonds came to RMB2.7
          billion with a coupon rate of 2.70%. Such bonds were listed for trading on December 10, 2021. The abbreviation
          and code of the 184-day bonds were “21 Huatai S9” and “185092.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
          bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.3 billion with the trading ended on June 7, 2022; the
          abbreviation and code of the 354-day bonds were “21 Hua S10” and “185101.SH”, respectively, and the amount
          of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.7 billion with the trading ended on November
          24, 2022.

          On December 9, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Eighth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.0 billion at an issue
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 151-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.62%. Such bonds were listed
          for trading on December 17, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Hua S11” and “185135.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the
          trading ended on May 12, 2022.

          On December 17, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
          Securities (Ninth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at
          an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 274-day and 365-day fixed rates. The amount of the 274-day
          bonds came to RMB1.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.70%, while the amount of the 365-day bonds came
          to RMB4.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.75%. Such bonds were listed for trading on December 27, 2021. The
          abbreviation and code of the 274-day bonds were “21 Hua S12” and “185162.SH”, respectively, and the amount
          of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.0 billion with the trading ended on September
          20, 2022; the abbreviation and code of the 365-day bonds were “21 Hua S13” and “185158.SH”, respectively,
          and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the trading
          ended on December 20, 2022.

          On December 27, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
          Securities (Tenth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion
          at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 335-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.75%. Such bonds
          were listed for trading on January 5, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Hua S14” and
          “185188.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0
          billion with the trading ended on November 28, 2022.

          3. Subordinated bonds

          On January 27, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 subordinated bonds of Huatai Securities (First
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB9.0 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 5-year fixed rate with a coupon rate of 4.50%. Such bonds were listed for
          trading on February 4, 2021. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai C1” and “175721.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB9.0 billion with the
          trading ended on January 28, 2026.

          4. Perpetual subordinated bonds

          On September 15, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 perpetual subordinated bonds of Huatai
          Securities (First Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.0 billion at
          an issue price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 3.85% and an interest rate repriced every 5 years
          for which interest is accruable. Such bonds were listed for trading on September 28, 2021. The abbreviation




214
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai Y1” and “188785.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.0 billion with the trading ended on September 16, 2026.

On October 26, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 perpetual subordinated bonds of Huatai
Securities (Second Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion
at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 4.00% and an interest rate repriced every 5 years
for which interest is accruable. Such bonds were listed for trading on November 3, 2021. The abbreviation
and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai Y2” and “188942.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5.0 billion with the trading ended on October 27, 2026.

On November 16, 2021, the Company publicly issued the 2021 perpetual subordinated bonds of Huatai

                                                                                                                           About Us
Securities (Third Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.0 billion at
an issue price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 3.80% and an interest rate repriced every 5 years
for which interest is accruable. Such bonds were listed for trading on November 24, 2021. The abbreviation
and code of the bonds were “21 Huatai Y3” and “185019.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the trading ended on November 17, 2026.

5. Short-term debt instruments

On January 21, 2021, the Company issued the 2021 first tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB3.0


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.48%. The debt instruments (“21 Huatai CP001”, code:
072100013.IB) were listed on January 26, 2021 and the amount approved for trading was RMB3.0 billion. The



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
trading was terminated on April 23, 2021, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
Reporting Period.

On January 25, 2021, the Company issued the 2021 second tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB3.0
billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.42%. The debt instruments (“21 Huatai CP002”, code:
072100017.IB) were listed on January 28, 2021 and the amount approved for trading was RMB3.0 billion. The
trading was terminated on April 26, 2021, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
On March 5, 2021, the Company issued the 2021 third tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB3.0
billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.68%. The debt instruments (“21 Huatai CP003”, code:
072100039.IB) were listed on March 10, 2021 and the amount approved for trading was RMB3.0 billion. The
trading was terminated on June 4, 2021, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
Reporting Period.

On June 23, 2021, the Company issued the 2021 fourth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB4.0
billion for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.40%. The debt instruments (“21 Huatai CP004”, code:
072100109.IB) were listed on June 28, 2021 and the amount approved for trading was RMB4.0 billion. The
trading was terminated on September 22, 2021, and the principal together with the interest was repaid
during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
On July 13, 2021, the Company issued the 2021 fifth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB4.0 billion
for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.15%. The debt instruments (“21 Huatai CP005”, code: 072100118.
IB) were listed on July 16, 2021 and the amount approved for trading was RMB4.0 billion. The trading was



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
terminated on October 12, 2021, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the Reporting
Period.

On July 20, 2021, the Company issued the 2021 sixth tranche of short-term debt instruments of RMB3.0 billion
for a duration of 90 days, at a coupon rate of 2.15%. The debt instruments (“21 Huatai CP006”, code: 072100131.
IB) were listed on July 23, 2021 and the amount approved for trading was RMB3.0 billion. The trading was
terminated on October 19, 2021, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the Reporting
Period.

6. Offshore bonds

During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement its working capital, Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary




                                                                                                                  215
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of Huatai International, completed the issuance of USD bonds with fixed rates of USD1.4 billion, of which
          the amount of the 3-year bonds came to USD0.9 billion, while the amount of the 5-year bonds came to
          USD0.5 billion. The listing place is the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company provided unconditional and
          irrevocable guarantee for the bonds under the issuance.

          During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement its working capital and repay its debt financing
          instruments, Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, issued the medium-
          term notes of approximately USD522 million in aggregate. Huatai International provided unconditional and
          irrevocable guarantee for the medium term note programme.

          7. Structured notes

          During the Reporting Period, the Company cumulatively issued 3,879 structured notes, with a total amount of
          RMB66.233 billion. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had 872 structured notes in duration
          period, with an amount of RMB15.363 billion.

          (II)Changes in total number of the shares and shareholding structure of the
          Company and changes in structure of assets and liabilities of the Company

          Please refer to “I. Changes in Share Capital” in this section for the details of changes in total number of the
          shares and shareholding structure of the Company.

          Please refer to “(II) Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position” under “VI. Major
          Operations during the Reporting Period” in “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board”
          of this report for the details of changes in structure of assets and liabilities of the Company.




          III. INFORMATION OF SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS
          (I) Total number of shareholders

          Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting
                                                                                                                284,040
          Period

          Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month prior to
                                                                                                                 273,915
          the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed

          Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose rights have been restored
                                                                                                                       –
          as of the end of the Reporting Period

          Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose voting rights have been
          restored as of the end of last month prior to the date on which the annual report                            –
          shall be disclosed

          Among the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period,
          shareholders of A Shares came to 276,691 and registered shareholders of H Shares came to 7,349. Among
          the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month (February 28, 2022) prior
          to the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed, shareholders of A Shares came to 266,597 and
          registered shareholders of H Shares came to 7,318.




216
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(II) Shareholding of top ten shareholders and top ten holders of tradable shares (or
holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions) as of the end of the Reporting
Period
                                                                                                           Unit: Shares
                                      Shareholding of top ten shareholders
                           Increase/   Number of                Number of     Pledged, marked or
                           decrease shares held as            shares held        frozen shares
Name of shareholder                                Percentage                                              Nature of
                          during the at the end of                 subject
(in full name)                                            (%)                                            shareholder
                          Reporting the Reporting                to selling   Statusof   Number of
                              Period        Period             restrictions     shares      shares

                                                                                                                                   About Us
HKSCC Nominees                                                                                         Foreign legal
                       -152,827,800 1,418,260,727      15.6254           –         Nil             –
Limited                                                                                                      person

Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                                                                       State-owned
Investment Group        24,248,200 1,373,481,636       15.1320           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                        legal person
Limited
Jiangsu
                                                                                                       State-owned
Communications           5,000,000     489,065,418     5.3882            –         Nil             –
                                                                                                        legal person
Holding Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
Govtor Capital                                                                                         State-owned
                                  – 356,233,206        3.9247            –         Nil             –
Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                         legal person


                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                                                                                                       Domestic
Alibaba (China)                                                                                       non-state-
                                  –     268,199,233    2.9548            –         Nil             –
Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                 owned legal
                                                                                                         person

Hong Kong
                                                                                                       Foreign legal
Securities Clearing    -43,927,874       231,491,774   2.5504            –         Nil             –
                                                                                                             person
Company Limited




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                       State-owned
Holdings Group Co.,      33,139,245    186,544,699     2.0552            –         Nil             –
                                                                                                        legal person
Ltd.

China Securities
Finance                 -93,814,073     152,906,738     1.6846           –         Nil             –      Unknown
Corporation Limited
                                                                                                 Domestic
Jiangsu Hiteker                                                                                 non-state-
                                  –      123,169,146    1.3570           – Unknown 123,169,146
High-tech Co., Ltd.                                                                            owned legal
                                                                                                   person




                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
China Construction
Bank Corporation
– Guotai CSI All




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
Share Securities
                        -26,183,787     100,280,374      1.1048          –         Nil             –       Unknown
Company Trading
Index Securities
Investment Open-
ended Fund




                                                                                                                          217
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                Shareholding of top ten holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions

                                                          Number of tradable                         Class and number of shares
          Name of shareholder                            shares not subject to
                                                           selling restrictions Class                                                        Number

          HKSCC Nominees Limited                                      1,418,260,727 Overseas listed foreign shares                       1,418,260,727

          Jiangsu Guoxin Investment                                                     Ordinary shares in RMB                           1,271,072,836
                                                                      1,373,481,636
          Group Limited                                                                 Overseas listed foreign shares                   102,408,800

          Jiangsu Communications                                                        Ordinary shares in RMB                           452,065,418
                                                                      489,065,418
          Holding Co., Ltd.                                                             Overseas listed foreign shares                    37,000,000

                                                                                        Ordinary shares in RMB                           342,028,006
          Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                              356,233,206
                                                                                        Overseas listed foreign shares                     14,205,200

          Alibaba (China) Technology Co.,
                                                                       268,199,233 Ordinary shares in RMB                                268,199,233
          Ltd.
          Hong Kong Securities Clearing
                                                                        231,491,774 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 231,491,774
          Company Limited

          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group                                                   Ordinary shares in RMB                            42,829,299
                                                                      186,544,699
          Co., Ltd.                                                                     Overseas listed foreign shares                    143,715,400

          China Securities Finance
                                                                       152,906,738 Ordinary shares in RMB                                152,906,738
          Corporation Limited

          Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co.,
                                                                        123,169,146 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 123,169,146
          Ltd.

          China Construction Bank
          Corporation – Guotai CSI All
          Share Securities Company                                     100,280,374 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 100,280,374
          Trading Index Securities
          Investment Open-ended Fund

          Description of special
          repurchase accounts for the top                There are no special repurchase accounts for the top ten shareholders.
          ten shareholders

          Description of the voting
          rights entrusted by the above
          shareholders, the voting rights                There are no voting rights entrusted by the above shareholders, the
          the above shareholders are                     voting rights the above shareholders are entrusted with and the voting
          entrusted with and the voting                  rights the above shareholders abstained from.
          rights the above shareholders
          abstained from

                                                         Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital and Jiangsu
                                                         SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. are wholly owned by Jiangsu SASAC.
          Description of the related party
                                                         Apart from the above, the Company is not aware of any related party
          relationships or acting in concert
                                                         relationship among other shareholders or whether such shareholders
          among the above shareholders
                                                         are parties acting in concert as specified in the Regulations on the
                                                         Takeover of Listed Companies.

          Explanation of shareholders of
          preferred shares with restored
                                                         There are no shareholders of preferred shares of the Company.
          voting rights and the number of
          shares held by them

          Notes:
          1. The class of shareholders of ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares) represents the class of accounts held by them registered with Shanghai Branch
          of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.




218
2. Among the holders of overseas listed foreign shares (H Shares) of the Company, shares of non-registered shareholders are held by HKSCC
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Nominees Limited on their behalf. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital and Jiangsu
SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. acquired, via Southbound Trading, 102,408,800, 37,000,000, 14,205,200 and 143,715,400 H Shares of the Company,
respectively, which are also being held by HKSCC Nominees Limited. These shares are specifically and separately listed at the time of disclosure
of this report; should such shares be included, the actual number of shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited on their behalf would have been
1,715,590,127, representing 18.90% of the Company’s total shares.
3. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominal holder of the A Shares of the Company held by the investors in Northbound
Trading under Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.
4. Citibank, National Association is the depositary of the Company’s GDRs, and the domestic underlying A Shares represented by the GDRs
are legally registered under its name. According to the statistics provided by the depositary, the Company had a total of 169,885 GDRs in the
duration period as of the end of the Reporting Period, accounting for 0.21% of the approved number for issuance by the CSRC.




                                                                                                                                                             About Us
Number of shares held by top ten holders of shares subject to selling restrictions and relevant selling
restrictions
                                                                                                                                     Unit: Shares

                                                            Listing and trading of shares
                                         Number
                                                            subject to selling restrictions
                                        of shares
        Name of holders of           held subject                            Number of additional
        shares subject to               to selling Permitted time for          shares permitted to
No.     selling restrictions          restrictions listing and trading        be listed and traded Selling restrictions


                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                       See note for
1       Zhou Yi                             720,000 See note for details                                          –
                                                                                                                       details


                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                                                                                       See note for
2       Han Zhencong                       600,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details

                                                                                                                       See note for
3       Li Shiqian                         600,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details

                                                                                                                       See note for
4       Sun Hanlin                         600,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details

                                                                                                                       See note for




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
5       Jiang Jian                         600,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details

                                                                                                                       See note for
6       Zhang Hui                          600,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details

                                                                                                                       See note for
7       Chen Tianxiang                     600,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details

                                                                                                                       See note for
8       Jiao Xiaoning                      500,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details

                                                                                                                       See note for
9       Jiao Kai                           500,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                                                                                                                       See note for
10      Wang Chong                         500,000 See note for details                                           –
                                                                                                                       details

Description of the related party
                                                        The Company is not aware of any related party relationship or



                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
relationships or acting in concert
                                                        acting in concert arrangement.
among the above shareholders

Note: The above shares subject to selling restrictions represent the shares granted by the Company to the incentive participants due to the
implementation of incentive scheme of restricted A Shares. Details of listing and trading of shares subject to selling restrictions and selling
restrictions are available in the Incentive Scheme of Restricted A Shares disclosed by the Company on the website of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange on February 9, 2021.




(III) A strategic investor or common legal person who became one of the top ten
shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any strategic investor or common legal person who
became one of the top ten shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them.




                                                                                                                                                    219
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

          (I) Controlling Shareholders

          There are no controlling shareholders with more than 50% shareholding of the Company.

          (II) De facto controllers

          1. Legal Person

                                                                                        State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
          Name                                                                          Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government

          Person in charge or legal representative                                      Xie Zhengyi



          2. Framework of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and the de
          facto Controllers


                                                                   Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited




                                                                                                                                     State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government
                                        15.1320%                                                                             100%




                                        5.3882%                    Jiangsu Communications Holding Co.,Ltd.                   100%




                                        3.9247%                          Govtor Capital Group Co.,Ltd.                       100%




           Huatai Securities Co.,Ltd.
                                        2.0552%                                                            Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                          Holdings Group     100%
                                        1.0487%    Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.       73.20%         Co.,Ltd.



                                        0.3169%                   Jiangsu Coast Development Group Co.,Ltd.                   100%




                                                                                                25.42%
                                        0.2424%    Jiangsu Credit Re-guarantee Group Co.,Ltd.
                                                                                                10.51%
                                                                                                          Other provincial   100%
                                                                                                            enterprises


                                        0.0408%                         Jiangsu Overseas Group Co.,Ltd.                      100%




          3. De facto controllers did not control the Company through trust or other asset management
          programs




220
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
V. DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD, THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES
WHERE THE CUMULATIVE NUMBER OF SHARES PLEDGED BY THE
CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OR THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER AND
PERSONS ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THEM ACCOUNTED FOR MORE
THAN 80% OF THE COMPANY’S SHARES HELD BY THEM


VI. OTHER LEGAL-PERSON SHAREHOLDERS WITH MORE THAN 10%
                                                                                                                             About Us
SHAREHOLDING
                                                                           Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                Person in
Name of      charge or legal
legal-person representative     Date of                           Registered      Main businesses or
shareholder    of the unit   establishment    Organization code    capital       management activities

                                                                                   Investment, management,

                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                                  operation, transfer of state-
Jiangsu
                                                                                    owned capital; enterprise


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Guoxin
                 Xie Zhengyi   2002-02-22    91320000735724800G      300       trusteeship, assets restructuring,
Investment
                                                                               management consultation, house
Group Limited
                                                                                 leasing and other businesses
                                                                                         upon approval.

                Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are owned by the non-registered holders of H
Remarks
                Shares.




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RESTRICTIONS ON SHAREHOLDING
REDUCTION




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                    221
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VIII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE IN THE
          REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

          Name of share repurchase
                                          Repurchase of A Shares through Centralized Price Bidding
          plan

          Date of share repurchase
                                          2020-03-31
          plan disclosed

          Number of shares to
          be repurchased and              The lower limit of shares to be repurchased is 45,383,250 and the upper
          percentage to the total share   limit is 90,766,500. The percentage to the total share capital is 0.5%-1%.
          capital (%)

          Amount to be repurchased        Not exceeding RMB2.615 billion.

                                          The period of the share repurchase shall be no more than 12 months from
                                          the date when the Board of the Company considers and approves the
                                          repurchase plan of A shares. The repurchase term shall expire in advance
                                          in the event that one of the following conditions occurs: 1. If, during the
                                          repurchase period, the number of shares repurchased or the funds used
          Period to be repurchased
                                          for the repurchase reached the cap, the repurchase plan would be fully
                                          implemented and the repurchase period would expire in advance from that
                                          date. 2. If the Board of the Company decided to terminate the repurchase
                                          plan, the repurchase period would expire in advance from the date when
                                          the Board made the termination decision.

                                          Intended to be used for the source of stocks for the restricted stock
          Purpose of repurchase
                                          incentive plan.

                                          On January 8, 2021, the Company repurchased 2,675,500 A Shares on
                                          the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The maximum repurchase price was
                                          RMB18.48 per share, the lowest repurchase price was RMB18.23 per share
          Shares repurchased              and the total amount of funds used was RMB48,959,144.00 (excluding
                                          transaction costs). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has
                                          repurchased 90,766,495 shares (representing 0.9999999% of total shares),
                                          and completed the repurchase on January 8, 2021.

          Number of shares
          repurchased as a
                                          45,488,000 restricted A shares granted to incentive participants were all
          percentage of the underlying
                                          from the A shares repurchased by the Company.
          shares under the stock
          incentive plan (%), if any

          Progress of the Company
          to reduce shareholding of
                                          Not applicable
          shares repurchased through
          centralized price bidding

          Save as disclosed above, the Company or any of its subsidiaries did not repurchase, sell or redeem any
          listed securities of the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2021.




222
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
IX. SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As of December 31, 2021, as far as the Company and the Directors are aware after having made all
reasonable enquiries, the following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the
Company) held interests or short positions in shares or underlying shares which shall be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                 Percentage of Long position (Note             About Us
                                                                                           Percentage of     the total issued A  2)/ short position
      Number of                                                                           the total issued   Shares/ H Shares     (Note 3)/ shares
      substantial                                                     Number of shares       shares of the    of the Company          available for
No.   shareholders        Class of shares       Nature of interests      held (share)       Company (%)                     (%)            lending

                                                Beneficial owner
                               A Shares                                   1,271,072,836             14.00                17.28       Long position
                                                         (Note 1)
      Jiangsu Guoxin
1     Investment

                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                               H Shares
      Group Limited                             Beneficial owner
                           (Southbound                                     102,408,800                1.13               5.96        Long position
                                                         (Note 1)
                               Trading)


                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                Beneficial owner
                               A Shares                                    452,065,418               4.98                 6.14       Long position
                                                         (Note 1)
      Jiangsu
2     Communications           H Shares
      Holding Co., Ltd.                         Beneficial owner
                           (Southbound                                     37,000,000                 0.41                2.15       Long position
                                                         (Note 1)
                               Trading)




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                Beneficial owner
                                                                           42,829,299                0.47                0.58        Long position
                                                         (Note 1)

                               A Shares               Interests of
                                                       controlled           46,755,432               0.52                0.64        Long position
      Jiangsu SOHO                          corporations (Note 1)
3     Holdings Group
      Co., Ltd.                                 Beneficial owner
                                                                            143,715,400               1.58               8.36        Long position
                                                         (Note 1)
                               H Shares
                           (Southbound                Interests of
                               Trading)                controlled          48,428,200                0.53                2.82        Long position



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                            corporations (Note 1)

                                                     Interests of
                                                      controlled



                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                               H Shares            corporations,            87,668,671               0.97                5.09        Long position
                                               approved lending
                                                  agent (Note 1)
4     Citigroup Inc.
                                                      Interests of
                               H Shares                controlled             306,400               0.003                 0.01      Short position
                                            corporations (Note 1)

                                               Approved lending                                                                  Shares available
                               H Shares                                    86,524,060                0.95                5.03
                                                  agent (Note 1)                                                                      for lending




                                                                                                                                                      223
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Note 1: According to the information disclosed on the websites of HKEX (www.hkex.com.hk) and China Securities Depository and Clearing
          Corporation Limited (www.chinaclear.cn). Under Section 336 of the SFO, forms disclosing interests shall be submitted by shareholders of the
          Company upon satisfaction of certain conditions. Changes of shareholders’ shareholdings in the Company are not required to inform the
          Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange unless certain conditions are satisfied. Therefore, there could be differences between substantial
          shareholders’ latest shareholdings in the Company and the shareholding information reported to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. directly held a long position in 42,829,299 A Shares and 143,715,400 H Shares of the Company, and, through
          its controlled corporation (namely Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. ( 江蘇蘇豪國際集團股份有限公司 )), indirectly held a long position in
          46,755,432 A Shares and 48,428,200 H Shares of the Company.
          Citigroup Inc., through a series of its controlled corporations, indirectly held a long position in 87,668,671 H Shares of the Company, of which
          86,524,060 H Shares were held in the capacity of approved lending agent, and a short position in 306,400 H Shares of the Company
          Note 2: A shareholder has a [long position] if such shareholder has interests in shares, including interests through holding, writing or issuing
          financial instruments (including derivatives), under which such shareholder (i) has a right to purchase the underlying shares; (ii) is under an
          obligation to purchase the underlying shares; (iii) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying shares increases; or (iv) has a
          right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares increases; and
          Note 3: A shareholder has a [short position] if such shareholder borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending agreement, or
          holds, writes or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder (i) has a right to require another person to
          purchase the underlying shares; (ii) is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (iii) has a right to receive payments if the price of the
          underlying shares declines; or (iv) has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares declines.



          Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors,
          Supervisors and chief executives of the Company) having any interests or short positions in the shares or
          underlying shares of the Company as at December 31, 2021, which shall be recorded in the register pursuant
          to Section 336 of the SFO.




          X. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS
          AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR
          DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, details on the restricted shares granted to some Directors of the
          Company due to the Company’s implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares are
          as follows:


                                                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                                                        Percentage of     the total issued A   Long position/
                                                                                                       the total issued   Shares/ H Shares     short position/
                                                                                   Number of shares       shares of the    of the Company shares available for
           No.   Name                  Class of shares       Nature of interests      held (share)       Company (%)                     (%)          lending


           1     Zhou Yi                     A Shares        Beneficial owner            720,000               0.008               0.010         Long position



          Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2021, the Company was not aware of any other Directors,
          Supervisors or chief executives of the Company having any interests or short positions in the shares,
          underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations, which shall be notified
          to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
          (including interests or short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
          SFO) or which would be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register of
          interests, or which shall, pursuant to the Model Code, be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange.




224
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
XI. INFORMATION ON PREFERENTIAL SHARES
During the Reporting Period, the Company had no preferred shares.




XII. ARRANGEMENT FOR DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS TO PURCHASE
SHARES OR DEBENTURES

                                                                                                                        About Us
Save the incentive plan stated in “XIII. Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other
Employee Incentives Measures and Their Implication” under “Corporate Governance” in this report, at no
time during the Reporting Period has the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries or fellow
subsidiaries, entered into any arrangements to enable the Directors and Supervisors to acquire benefits by
means of the purchase of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other corporate bodies.




                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                      and Strategies




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                               225
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          BONDS




          I. ENTERPRISE BONDS, CORPORATE BONDS AND NON-FINANCIAL
          CORPORATE DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS

          (I) Enterprise Bonds

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any enterprise bonds.

          (II) Corporate Bonds

          1. Basic information on corporate bonds

          Information on corporate bonds of the Company in duration as at the date on which the annual report was
          approved to publish is as follows.
                                                                                                               Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                       Interest Principal and
                                                                                                Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond                  Abbreviation      Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance        (%) method

                                                                                                                               Principal to
          2013 Corporate Bonds of                                                                                              be paid upon
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.   13 Huatai 02   122262.SH   2013-06-05 2013-06-05 2023-06-05              60       5.10 expiration and
          (Ten-year bonds)                                                                                                     interest to be
                                                                                                                               paid annually

          2018 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                  Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                             be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       18 Huatai G2   155048.SH    2018-11-22    2018-11-26    2023-11-26        10       4.17 expiration and
          Qualified Investors (First                                                                                            interest to be
          tranche) (Type II)                                                                                                    paid annually

          2019 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued     19 Huatai G3   155358.SH   2019-04-18    2019-04-22    2022-04-22        50       3.80 expiration and
          to Qualified Investors                                                                                               interest to be
          (Second tranche) (Type I)                                                                                            paid annually




226
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                             Interest Principal and
                                                                                      Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond                 Abbreviation       Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance        (%) method

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai G1    163353.SH 2020-03-24 2020-03-26         2023-03-26        80       2.99 expiration and
Qualified Investors (First                                                                                           interest to be
tranche)                                                                                                             paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities                                                                                                 be paid upon
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued    20 Huatai G3    163482.SH 2020-04-27 2020-04-29 2025-04-29                35       2.90 expiration and

                                                                                                                                                 About Us
to Qualified Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Second tranche)                                                                                                     paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai G4    163558.SH   2020-05-19    2020-05-21    2025-05-21        30       3.20 expiration and
Qualified Investors (Third                                                                                           interest to be
tranche)                                                                                                             paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities                                                                                                 be paid upon



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued    20 Huatai G6    163670.SH   2020-06-16 2020-06-18       2023-06-18         32      3.10 expiration and
to Qualified Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Fourth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                           paid annually



                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
2020 Subordinated Bonds                                                                                              Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai C1    175409.SH    2020-11-11    2020-11-13    2025-11-13       50       4.48 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(First tranche)                                                                                                      paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai G7    175473.SH   2020-11-20    2020-11-24     2023-11-24       35       3.90 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
(Fifth tranche)                                                                                                      paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai G8    175534.SH   2020-12-07    2020-12-09    2022-12-09        40       3.67 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Sixth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                             paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai G9    175535.SH   2020-12-07    2020-12-09    2023-12-09        40       3.79 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Sixth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                            paid annually




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai G1   175648.SH    2021-01-18   2021-01-20    2024-01-20        40       3.58 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(First tranche) (Type I)                                                                                             paid annually




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
2021 Subordinated Bonds                                                                                              Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai C1   175721.SH   2021-01-27    2021-01-29    2026-01-29        90       4.50 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(First tranche)                                                                                                      paid annually

2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      21 Huatai G3    188047.SH   2021-04-22    2021-04-26 2024-04-26           50       3.42 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Second tranche)                                                                                                     paid annually




                                                                                                                                        227
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                       Interest Principal and
                                                                                                Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond                  Abbreviation        Code     Issue date   Value date         date    Balance        (%) method

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai G4     188106.SH   2021-05-13   2021-05-17   2026-05-17        60       3.71 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
          (Third tranche)                                                                                                      paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai G5     188134.SH   2021-05-20   2021-05-24 2024-05-24          40       3.28 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
          (Fourth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                            paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai G6     188140.SH   2021-05-20   2021-05-24 2026-05-24          20       3.63 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
          (Fourth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                           paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai G7     188239.SH   2021-06-10   2021-06-15   2024-06-15        20       3.40 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
          (Fifth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                             paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai 09     188282.SH   2021-06-17   2021-06-21   2024-06-21        25       3.45 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
          (Sixth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                             paid annually

          2021 Short-term
                                                                                                                               One-off
          Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                                               payment of
          Huatai Securities Co.,
                                         21 Huatai S2    163883.SH   2021-06-24   2021-06-28 2022-06-28          40       2.95 principal and
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                               interest upon
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                               expiration
          (First tranche) (Type II)

          2021 Short-term Corporate                                                                                            One-off
          Bonds of Huatai Securities                                                                                           payment of
          Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued      21 Huatai S4    163889.SH   2021-07-07   2021-07-09   2022-07-09        40       2.87 principal and
          to Professional Investors                                                                                            interest upon
          (Second tranche) (Type II)                                                                                           expiration

          2021 Short-term
                                                                                                                               One-off
          Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                                               payment of
          Huatai Securities Co.,
                                         21 Huatai S5    163892.SH   2021-07-15   2021-07-19   2022-07-19        30       2.75 principal and
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                               interest upon
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                               expiration
          (Third tranche)

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to         21 Huatai 11   188324.SH   2021-09-03   2021-09-07 2024-09-07           15      3.03 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
          (Seventh tranche) (Type I)                                                                                           paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to        21 Huatai 12    188325.SH   2021-09-03   2021-09-07   2031-09-07         27      3.78 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
          (Seventh tranche) (Type II)                                                                                          paid annually

          2021 Perpetual
                                                                                                                               Principal to
          Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                               be paid upon
          Huatai Securities Co.,
                                         21 Huatai Y1    188785.SH   2021-09-15   2021-09-17   2026-09-17        30       3.85 expiration and
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                               interest to be
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                               paid annually
          (First tranche)




228
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                               Interest Principal and
                                                                                        Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond                  Abbreviation        Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance        (%) method

2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to        21 Huatai 13   188874.SH    2021-10-14     2021-10-18   2024-10-18         21      3.25 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
(Eighth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                              paid annually

2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to        21 Huatai 14   188875.SH    2021-10-14     2021-10-18    2031-10-18       34       3.99 expiration and

                                                                                                                                                   About Us
Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
(Eighth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                             paid annually

2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to        21 Huatai 15   188926.SH    2021-10-21    2021-10-25    2024-10-25         22      3.22 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
(Ninth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                               paid annually

2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon



                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
Ltd. Publicly Issued to        21 Huatai 16   188927.SH    2021-10-21    2021-10-25    2031-10-25         11      3.94 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
(Ninth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                              paid annually



                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
2021 Perpetual
                                                                                                                       Principal to
Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                       be paid upon
Huatai Securities Co.,
                               21 Huatai Y2   188942.SH    2021-10-26    2021-10-28    2026-10-28        50       4.00 expiration and
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                       interest to be
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                       paid annually
(Second tranche)

2021 Perpetual
                                                                                                                       Principal to
Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                       be paid upon
Huatai Securities Co.,




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                               21 Huatai Y3   185019.SH     2021-11-16    2021-11-18    2026-11-18       20       3.80 expiration and
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                       interest to be
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                       paid annually
(Third tranche)

2021 Short-term Corporate                                                                                              One-off
Bonds of Huatai Securities                                                                                             payment of
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued      21 Huatai S9   185092.SH    2021-12-02    2021-12-06 2022-06-08            23      2.64 principal and
to Professional Investors                                                                                              interest upon
(Seventh tranche) (Type I)                                                                                             expiration

2021 Short-term Corporate                                                                                              One-off
Bonds of Huatai Securities                                                                                             payment of
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued        21 Hua S10    185101.SH   2021-12-02    2021-12-06    2022-11-25         27      2.70 principal and
to Professional Investors                                                                                              interest upon




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
(Seventh tranche) (Type II)                                                                                            expiration

2021 Short-term
                                                                                                                       One-off
Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                                       payment of
Huatai Securities Co.,




                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                 21 Hua S11   185135.SH    2021-12-09     2021-12-13   2022-05-13        20       2.62 principal and
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                       interest upon
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                       expiration
(Eighth tranche)

2021 Short-term
                                                                                                                       One-off
Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                                       payment of
Huatai Securities Co.,
                                 21 Hua S12   185162.SH    2021-12-17     2021-12-21   2022-09-21         10      2.70 principal and
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                       interest upon
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                       expiration
(Ninth tranche) (Type I)




                                                                                                                                          229
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                            Interest Principal and
                                                                                                    Expiration                 Rate interest payment
          Name of bond                 Abbreviation          Code     Issue date    Value date           date    Balance         (%) method

          2021 Short-term
                                                                                                                                     One-off
          Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                                                     payment of
          Huatai Securities Co.,
                                          21 Hua S13     185158.SH     2021-12-17    2021-12-21    2022-12-21          40       2.75 principal and
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                                     interest upon
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                                     expiration
          (Ninth tranche) (Type II)

          2021 Short-term
                                                                                                                                     One-off
          Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                                                     payment of
          Huatai Securities Co.,
                                          21 Hua S14     185188.SH    2021-12-27    2021-12-29     2022-11-29          40       2.75 principal and
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                                     interest upon
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                                     expiration
          (Tenth tranche)

          2022 Perpetual
                                                                                                                                    Principal to
          Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                                    be paid upon
          Huatai Securities Co.,
                                        22 Huatai Y1     185337.SH    2022-01-24    2022-01-26    2027-01-26           27      3.49 expiration and
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                                    interest to be
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                                    paid annually
          (First tranche)

          2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                       Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                                  be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       22 Huatai G1     185364.SH    2022-02-10    2022-02-14    2025-02-14           50       2.79 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                     interest to be
          (First tranche)                                                                                                            paid annually


          Note:
           1. Arrangements for investors’ appropriateness:
          Targets of the issuance are professional investors who hold A share securities accounts of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
          Limited, Shanghai Branch and are in compliance with the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Issuance and Trading of Corporate
          Bonds, the Administrative Measures of the Shanghai Stock Exchange for Eligibility of Investors in the Bond Market (《上海證券交易所債券市場投資
          者適當性管理辦法》), the Administrative Measures for the Eligibility of the Investors of Securities and Future (《證券期貨投資者適當性管理辦法》) and
          relevant laws and regulations (excluding purchasers subject to prohibition under laws and regulations). Investors shall not subscribe by illegal
          use of others’ accounts or fund accounts, or illegally financing or financing for others. Investors subscribing for this tranche of bonds shall
          observe relevant laws and regulations and relevant provisions of the CSRC and assume corresponding legal responsibilities on their own.
          2. The above corporate bonds are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which can be traded by bidding, quotation, enquiry and agreement,
          and there is no risk of termination of listing and trading.
          3. During the Reporting Period, the Company had no overdue bonds.




          2. Interest Payment for Bonds during the Reporting Period

          Name of bond                                  Redemption and interest payment

          16 Huatai G2                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          16 Huatai G4                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          18 Huatai G1                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G5                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai S1                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai S2                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai S3                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai S4                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai S8                                  Redemption in full as scheduled

          13 Huatai 02                                  Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          18 Huatai G2                                  Payment of interest in full as scheduled




230
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Name of bond                        Redemption and interest payment

19 Huatai G1                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

19 Huatai G3                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

20 Huatai G1                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

20 Huatai G3                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

20 Huatai G4                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

20 Huatai G6                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

20 Huatai C1                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled                                              About Us

20 Huatai G7                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

20 Huatai G8                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

20 Huatai G9                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled




                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
3. During the Reporting Period, there were no triggers and execution of issuer’s or investor’s
option clauses or investor protection clauses


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
4. Intermediary Agency to Provide Services for Bond Issuance and Existing Business


Name of
intermediary                                    Name of signatory
agency               Office address             accountant          Contact person         Contact number

                     8/F, KPMG Tower,           Wang Guobei,




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                     Oriental Plaza, No.        Cheng Hailiang,
KPMG Huazhen LLP                                                    Zhang Nan              021-22123075
                     1 East Chang’an            Zhang Nan, Qian
                     Avenue, Beijing            Ruwen, Zou Jun



Other intermediary agencies to provide services for the above bond issuance and existing business as blow:


Intermediary
agency                Name                                  Office address

                                                            5/F, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No. 228
                      Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                                            Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing

                                                            37/F, Taikang Insurance Tower, No. 429 North
                      GF Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                            Nanquan Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                      Shenwan Hongyuan Securities           45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui District,
                      Co., Ltd. (Note)                      Shanghai,

                      China International Capital           China World Office, No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
Lead Underwriter
                      Corporation Limited                   Beijing

                      China Development Bank                1-9/F, No. 29 Fuchengmen Wai Avenue, Xicheng
                      Securities Company Limited            District, Beijing

                      China Industrial Securities Co.,      Room 601-605, North Zone, No. 35 Jinshifang
                      Ltd. ( 興業證券股份有限公司 )                   Street, Xicheng District, Beijing

                      Kaiyuan Securities Co., Ltd. ( 開源     5/F, Block B, City Gate, No. 1 Jinye Road, Gaoxin
                      證券股份有限公司 )                            District, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province




                                                                                                                 231
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Intermediary
          agency                       Name                                         Office address

                                                                                    37/F, Taikang Insurance Tower, No. 429 North
                                       GF Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    Nanquan Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai

          Entrusted manager            Shenwan Hongyuan Securities                  45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui District,
          of bonds                     Co., Ltd.                                    Shanghai

                                       China International Capital                  China World Office, No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                       Corporation Limited                          Beijing

                                       China Lianhe Credit Rating Co.,              17/F, Tower 2, No. 2 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
          Credit rating                Ltd.                                         Chaoyang District, Beijing
          agencies                     Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating            14/F, Huasheng Mansion, No. 398 Hankou Road,
                                       & Investors Service Co., Ltd.                Shanghai

                                                                                    28, 31, 33, 36, 37/F, SK Tower, 6A Jianguomenwai
                                       Zhong Lun Law Firm
                                                                                    Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing

                                                                                    11/12/F, Shanghai Tower, No. 501 Middle Yincheng
                                       AllBright Law Offices
          Law Firm                                                                  Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai

                                                                                    17-18/F, East Tower, World Financial Center 1, No.
                                       King & Wood Mallesons                        1 Middle East 3rd Ring Road, Chaoyang District,
                                                                                    Beijing


          Note:
          1. During the Reporting Period, there was no change in the intermediary agencies.
          2. Certain bond issuances were underwritten by Shenwan Hongyuan Financing Services Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shenwan Hongyuan
          Financing Services”), a subsidiary of Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Securities Parent Company”). Due to
          changes in the business scope of Securities Parent Company, bond underwriting business, except for convertible bonds, of Shenwan Hongyuan
          Financing Services was included into the business scope of Securities Parent Company. For the above changes in business scope, relevant
          authorities had issued approval. Therefore, the rights and obligations under the agreement entered into by Shenwan Hongyuan Financing
          Services have succeeded to by Securities Parent Company.




          5. Utilisation of funds raised as at the end of the Reporting Period

          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the utilisation of funds raised from bonds in duration of the Company
          is as follows:
                                                                                                                 Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                              Whether conform to the
                                                                                                              purpose, utilisation plan
                                                                                                               and other agreements
                                        Total amount                    Utilised                                 as undertaken in the
          Name of bond                 of funds raised                 amount               Unutilised amount               prospectus

          13 Huatai 02                              60.00                  60.00                                  –                             Yes

          18 Huatai G2                               10.00                 10.00                                  –                             Yes

          19 Huatai G1                              70.00                  70.00                                  –                             Yes

          19 Huatai G3                              50.00                  50.00                                  –                             Yes

          20 Huatai G1                              80.00                  80.00                                  –                             Yes

          20 Huatai G3                               35.00                 35.00                                  –                             Yes

          20 Huatai G4                               30.00                 30.00                                  –                             Yes




232
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                               Whether conform to the
                                                               purpose, utilisation plan
                                                                and other agreements
                Total amount      Utilised                        as undertaken in the
Name of bond   of funds raised   amount      Unutilised amount               prospectus

20 Huatai G6             32.00      32.00                    –                      Yes

20 Huatai C1             50.00      50.00                    –                      Yes

20 Huatai G7             35.00      35.00                    –                      Yes

                                                                                                    About Us
20 Huatai G8             40.00      40.00                    –                      Yes

20 Huatai G9             40.00      40.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai G1             40.00      40.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai C1             90.00      90.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai G3             50.00      50.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai G4             60.00      60.00                    –                      Yes


                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
21 Huatai G5             40.00      40.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai G6             20.00      20.00                    –                      Yes


                                                                                                  and Strategies
21 Huatai G7             20.00      20.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai 09             25.00      25.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai S2             40.00      40.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai S3             20.00      20.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai S4             40.00      40.00                    –                      Yes




                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
21 Huatai S5             30.00      30.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai S6             40.00      40.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai S7             40.00      40.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai 11             15.00      15.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai 12             27.00      27.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai Y1             30.00      30.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai 13             21.00      21.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai 14             34.00      34.00                    –                      Yes



                                                                                                   Financial Report and
21 Huatai 15            22.00       22.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai 16             11.00       11.00                   –                      Yes



                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
21 Huatai Y2            50.00       50.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai Y3            20.00       20.00                    –                      Yes

21 Huatai S9            23.00       23.00                    –                      Yes

21 Hua S10              27.00       27.00                    –                      Yes

21 Hua S11              20.00       20.00                    –                      Yes

21 Hua S12               10.00      10.00                    –                      Yes

21 Hua S13              40.00       40.00                    –                      Yes

21 Hua S14              40.00       40.00                    –                      Yes




                                                                                           233
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          According to the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds,
          in order to ensure that the utilisation of funds raised is consistent with the prospectus and to guarantee
          the legal rights of bondholders, the Company has set up a special account for the utilisation of funds
          raised in supervisory banks, which is subject to the supervision of the supervisory banks. As of the end of
          the Reporting Period, the funds raised from the above-mentioned corporate bonds have been fully utilised,
          which is consistent with the prospectus, and there is no violation regarding its utilisation.

          6. During the Reporting Period, the rating agencies did not make any adjustments to the
          ratings.

          7. Implementation and Changes of Guarantees, Settlement Plan and other Settlement
          Safeguards and their Impact during the Reporting Period


                                                                                                              Any
          Current status                                                   Implementation                     change

          The existing corporate bonds of the Company are issued
          unsecured and performed the settlement plan in accordance The Company strictly
          with the covenants in the prospectus for corporate bonds.     performed the covenants in
                                                                        the prospectus in relation to
          According to the covenants in the prospectus for corporate    the settlement plan, paid the
          bonds, the Company has settlement safeguards in place,        interest for the corporate bonds No
          including but are not limited to formulating the Rules        on time, and disclosed relevant
          for Meeting of Bondholders, entrusting bond manager,          information on the Company in
          establishing a special working group for the settlement,      a timely manner to protect the
          strictly performing the obligations of information disclosure legal interest of investors.
          and setting up a special debt repayment account.




          (III) Non-financial corporate debt financing instruments in the inter-bank bond
          market

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any non-financial corporate debt financing
          instruments in the inter-bank bond market.

          (IV) During the Reporting Period, the Company did not record a loss in the
          consolidated statements exceeding 10% of the net assets at the end of the previous
          year

          (V) Interest-bearing Debt (other than bonds) overdue at the end of the Reporting
          Period

          The Company enjoyed a good reputation, and repaid matured debts and paid interests on time without any
          overdue debts during the Reporting Period.

          (VI) The Impacts of Non-compliance in Laws and Regulations, the Articles of
          Association, the Management Measures for Information Disclosure and Violation of
          Relevant Covenants or Undertakings in the Prospectus for Bonds on the Interests of
          Bond Investors during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company complied with laws and regulations, the Articles of Association
          and the Management Measures for Information Disclosure, strictly performed its obligations of information
          disclosure and paid the interest for the bonds on time to protect the legal interest of investors. In addition,
          the Company strictly performed the relevant covenants or undertakings in the prospectus for corporate




234
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
bonds, and the usage of the proceeds was in line with the covenants in the prospectus. During the Reporting
Period, the Company did not default on the redemption and interest payment of issued bonds, and
operated stably with satisfactory earnings and there is no risk of the Company failing to make payments on
time in the future.

(VII) Accounting Data and Financial Indicators of the Company for the Past Two
Years Up to the end of the Reporting Period
                                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                      Year-on-year change         Reason for

                                                                                                                                            About Us
Primary indicators                                           2021            2020                     (%)           change

Net profit after non-recurring
                                                    13,191,627.76     10,619,159.69                   24.22
profit or loss

Current ratio                                                  1.41            1.38                     2.17

Quick ratio                                                    1.41            1.38                     2.17

                                                                                           Decrease of 0.27    Mainly due to
Gearing ratio (%)                                           76.93            77.20
                                                                                          percentage point     the decrease


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                           Increase of 0.29      in net cash
EBITDA to total debt ratio (%)                               7.54             7.25                                 flow from
                                                                                          percentage point


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                                                                                   operating
Times interest earned                                        2.58             2.72                    (5.15)        activities
Times cash-interest earned                                  (5.28)           (0.54)                     N/A

Times interest earned of EBITDA                               2.71            2.90                   (6.55)

Loan repayment ratio (%)                                      100              100

Interest payment ratio (%)                                    100              100




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Note: Customer’s funds are not included in the above indicators.




II. THE COMPANY HAD NO CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   235
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Independent auditor's report
          To the shareholders of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
          (A joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


           Opinion

          We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
          “Group”) set out on pages 247 to 389, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
          2021, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
          income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then
          ended and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

          In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
          Group as at 31 December 2021 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
          then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
          Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
          Kong Companies Ordinance.



           Basis for opinion

          We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
          standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
          Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
          (“IESBA Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial
          statements in the People’s Republic of China, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
          these requirements and IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
          provide a basis for our opinion.



           Key audit matters

          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
          opinion on these matters.




238
                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021

                                                       Assessing the fair value of financial instruments


                              Refer to Note 61 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(8).



                            The Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit



The valuation of the Group’s financial instruments is based on a combination     Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of financial instruments included
of market data and valuation models which often require a considerable           the following:
number of inputs.
                                                                                 • assessing the design, implementation and operating effectiveness of



                                                                                                                                                                              About Us
Many of these inputs are obtained from readily available data for liquid         key internal controls over the valuation, independent price verification and
markets. Where such observable data is not readily available, as in the case     valuation model approval for financial instruments;
of certain level 2 and level 3 financial instruments, estimates need to be
developed which can involve significant management judgement.                    • assessing the fair values of all financial instruments traded in active markets
                                                                                 by comparing the fair values applied by the Group with publicly available
We identified assessing the fair value of financial instruments as a key audit   market data;
matter because of the degree of complexity involved in valuing certain
financial instruments and because of the significant degree of judgement         • reading investment agreements entered into during the current year, for a
exercised by management in determining the inputs used in the valuation          sample of level 2 and level 3 financial instruments to understand the relevant
models.                                                                          investment terms and identify any conditions that were relevant to the
                                                                                 valuation of financial instruments;

                                                                                 • engaging our internal valuation specialists to assist us in evaluating the




                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                 valuation models used by the Group to value certain level 2 and level 3
                                                                                 financial instruments and to perform, on a sample basis, independent
                                                                                 valuations of level 2 and level 3 financial instruments and compare these




                                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                                                                                 valuations with the Group’s valuations. This included comparing the Group’s
                                                                                 valuation models with our knowledge of current market practice, testing
                                                                                 inputs to the fair value calculations and establishing our own valuation
                                                                                 models to perform revaluations;

                                                                                 • assessing whether the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                 reflected the Group’s exposure to financial instrument valuation risk with
                                                                                 reference to the requirements of the prevailing accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                     239
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                          Loss allowances of financial assets measured at amortised cost


                                         Refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(8).



                                       The Key Audit Matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit



          The determination of loss allowances using the expected credit loss model           Our audit procedures to assess loss allowances of financial assets measured
          is subject to a number of key parameters and assumptions, including the             at amortised cost included the following:
          identification of loss stages, estimates of probability of default, loss given
          default, exposures at default and discount rate, adjustments for forward-           • understanding and assessing the design, implementation and operating
          looking information and other adjustment factors. Management judgment               effectiveness of key internal controls of financial reporting over the approval,
          is involved in the selection of those parameters and the application of the         recording and monitoring of financial assets measured at amortised cost, the
          assumptions.                                                                        credit grading process and the measurement of loss allowances;

          In particular, the determination of the loss allowances is heavily dependent        • with the assistance of our internal specialists, assessing the reliability
          on the external macro environment and the Group’s internal credit risk              of the expected credit loss model used by management in determining
          management strategy. The expected credit losses for financial assets                loss allowances, including assessing the appropriateness of the key
          measured at amortised cost are derived from estimates whereby                       parameters and assumptions in the expected credit loss model, including the
          management takes into consideration historical overdue data, the historical         identification of loss stages, probability of default, loss given default, exposure
          loss experience and other adjustment factors.                                       at default, discount rate, adjustments for forward-looking information and
                                                                                              other management adjustments;
          Management also exercises judgement in determining the quantum of loss
          given default based on a range of factors. These include available remedies         • assessing the completeness and accuracy of data used for the key
          for recovery, the financial situation of the borrower, the recoverable amount       parameters in the expected credit loss model. For key parameters derived
          of collateral, the seniority of the claim and the existence and cooperativeness     from internal data relating to original agreements, we compared the total
          of other creditors. When listed stocks are involved as collateral, the loan         balance of the financial asset list used by management to assess the
          balances to collateral ratio and the stock holding concentration of the             allowances for impairment with the general ledger, selecting samples and
          borrower, the industry sector and the operation of the issuer, and the liquidity,   comparing investment information with the underlying agreements and other
          restriction on sales and price volatility of the stock will also be taken into      related documentation to assess the accuracy of compilation of the asset
          account in the judgement.                                                           list. For key parameters derived from external data, we selected samples to
                                                                                              inspect the accuracy of such data by comparing them with public resources;




240
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021

                                        Loss allowances of financial assets measured at amortised cost (continued)


                              Refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(8).



                            The Key Audit Matter                                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit



We identified loss allowances of financial assets measured at amortised cost     • for key parameters involving judgement, critically assessing input
as a key audit matter because of the inherent uncertainty and management         parameters by seeking evidence from external sources and comparing to
judgment involved and because of its significance to the financial results and   the Group’s internal records. We compared the economic factors used in the
capital of the Group.                                                            models with market information to assess whether they were aligned with



                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                                                                                 market and economic development;

                                                                                 • evaluating the validity of management’s assessment on whether the credit
                                                                                 risk of the financial assets has, or has not, increased significantly since initial
                                                                                 recognition and whether the financial assets is credit-impaired by selecting
                                                                                 risk-based samples. On a sample basis, we checked the financial assets
                                                                                 overdue information, understanding the credit situation and the collateral to
                                                                                 loan ratio of the borrowers, the industry sector and the operation of the stock
                                                                                 issuer, and the liquidity, restriction on sales and price volatility of the stock;

                                                                                 • for selected samples of the financial assets measured at amortised cost
                                                                                 that are credit-impaired, evaluating management’s assessment of the value
                                                                                 of the collateral held. We also evaluated the forecast cash flows, challenged




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                                 the viability of the Group’s recovery plans and evaluated other credit
                                                                                 enhancements that are integral to the contract terms;




                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                                 • recalculating the amount of credit loss allowance for 12 month and life
                                                                                 time credit losses using the expected credit loss model based on the above
                                                                                 parameters and assumptions for a sample of financial assets measured at
                                                                                 amortised cost where the credit risk has not, or has, increased significantly
                                                                                 since initial recognition, respectively;

                                                                                 • evaluating whether the disclosures on impairment of financial assets
                                                                                 measured at amortised cost meet the disclosure requirements of prevailing
                                                                                 accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                       241
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                         Consolidation of structured entities


                                      Refer to Note 56 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(29)(vi).



                                       The Key Audit Matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit



          Structured entities are generally created to achieve a narrow and well             Our audit procedures to assess the consolidation of structured entities
          defined objective with restrictions around their ongoing activities. The Group     included the following:
          may acquire or retain an ownership interest in, or act as a sponsor of, a
          structured entity through issuing or acquiring an asset management scheme,         • making enquiries of management and inspecting relevant documents used
          a wealth management product, an investment fund, a trust scheme or an              by management relating to the judgement process over whether a structured
          asset-backed security.                                                             entity is consolidated or not to assess whether the Group has a robust
                                                                                             process in this regard;
          In determining whether a structured entity is required to be consolidated by
          the Group, management is required to consider the power the Group is able          • selecting a sample of structured entities for each key product type and
          to exercise over the activities of the entity and its exposure to and ability to   performing the following procedures for each item selected:
          influence its own returns from the entity. In certain circumstances the Group
          may be required to consolidate a structured entity even though it has no           - inspecting the related contracts and internal documents to understand the
          equity interest therein.                                                           purpose of the establishment of the structured entity and the involvement the
                                                                                             Group has with the structured entity and to assess management’s judgement
          The factors which management needs to consider when determining                    over whether the Group has the ability to exercise power over the structured
          whether a structured entity should be consolidated or not are not purely           entity;
          quantitative and need to be considered collectively.
                                                                                             - evaluating the risk and reward structure of the structured entity including
                                                                                             any capital or return guarantee, commission paid and distribution of the
                                                                                             returns to assess management’s judgement as to exposure, or rights, to
                                                                                             variable returns from the Group’s involvement in such an entity;




242
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021

                                                      Consolidation of structured entities (continued)


                           Refer to Note 56 to the consolidated financial statements and the accounting policies in Note 2(29)(vi).



                           The Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit



We identified the consolidation of structured entities as a key audit matter    • selecting a sample of structured entities for each key product type and
because it involves significant management judgement in determining             performing the following procedures for each item selected (continued):
whether a structured entity is required to be consolidated by the Group or
not and because the impact of consolidating a structured entity on the          - evaluating management’s analysis of the structured entity including



                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
consolidated statement of financial position could be significant.              qualitative analysis and calculations of the magnitude and variability
                                                                                associated with its economic interests in the structured entity to assess
                                                                                management’s judgement over the Group’s ability to influence its own returns
                                                                                from the structured entity;

                                                                                - evaluating management’s judgement over whether the structured entity
                                                                                should be consolidated or not;

                                                                                • assessing the disclosures in the consolidated financial statements in relation
                                                                                to structured entities with reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                                                accounting standards.




                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                   243
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon

          The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
          annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

          Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
          of assurance conclusion thereon.

          In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
          in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
          our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

          If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
          are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


          Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements

          The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
          in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
          and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
          statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

          In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
          continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
          basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
          alternative but to do so.

          The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
          reporting process.


          Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

          Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
          free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
          This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
          liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

          Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
          will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
          material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
          taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




244
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or
the override of internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate

                                                                                                                                            About Us
in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
achieves fair presentation..

• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   245
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements (continued)

          We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit
          and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

          We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
          independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear
          on our independence and, where applicable actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

          From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance
          in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We
          describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or
          when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because
          the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such
          communication.

          The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lee Lok Man.




          KPMG

          Certified Public Accountants
          8th Floor, Prince’s Building,
          10 Chater Road
          Central, Hong Kong



          30 March 2022




246
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021


ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                      Consolidated statement of profit or loss
                                               For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                                                                    About Us
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                           Note                        2021                                       2020



Revenue

 Fee and commission income                                  4                    22,325,343                                   18,457,811

 Interest income                                            5                     14,741,059                                  10,963,881

 Net investment gains                                       6                       11,271,371                                10,159,587



Total revenue                                                                    48,337,773                                  39,581,279




                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
 Other income and gains                                     7                      3,588,631                                    953,157



Total revenue and other income                                                   51,926,404                                 40,534,436



                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
 Fee and commission expenses                                8                   (5,652,709)                                 (4,849,322)

 Interest expenses                                          9                  (10,990,375)                                 (8,358,703)

 Staff costs                                                10                   (11,357,194)                              (10,403,649)

 Depreciation and amortisation expenses                     11                   (1,432,645)                                 (1,341,384)

 Tax and surcharges                                         12                    (239,895)                                   (209,157)

 Other operating expenses                                   13                   (8,062,817)                                (4,765,630)




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
 Net provision for impairment loss on financial assets      14                    (548,188)                                  (1,306,208)

 Net reversal of impairment loss on other assets                                            -                                       346



Total expenses                                                                 (38,283,823)                                 (31,233,707)




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                           247
 HUATAI SECURITIES




               Consolidated statement of profit or loss (continued)
                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                       Note                        2021                                      2020



          Operating profit                                                                    13,642,581                                  9,300,729

            Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                   2,629,981                                  4,203,647



          Profit before income tax                                                            16,272,562                                 13,504,376

            Income tax expense                                          15                   (2,671,669)                                (2,633,930)



          Profit for the year                                                                13,600,893                                  10,870,446



          Attributable to:

            Shareholders of the Company                                                       13,346,106                                 10,822,497

            Non-controlling interests                                                           254,787                                     47,949



                                                                                             13,600,893                                  10,870,446



          Basic earnings per share
            (in Renminbi per share)                                     19                          1.47                                       1.20



          Diluted earnings per share
             (in Renminbi per share)                                    19                          1.46                                        1.19




          The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity shareholders
          of attributable to the profit for the year are set out in Note 54(k).




248
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                         Consolidated statement of profit or loss
                           and other comprehensive income
                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                 Note                        2021                                      2020




                                                                                                                                                          About Us
Profit for the year                                                                    13,600,893                                  10,870,446




Other comprehensive income for the year



Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Equity investment at fair value through other
  comprehensive income
  - Net change in fair value                                                            (504,393)                                    248,725




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Income tax impact                                                                         122,805                                     (58,771)



Items that may be reclassified subsequently to



                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
   profit or loss:
Net gain from debt investment at fair
                                                                                          (49,215)                                     77,974
 value through other comprehensive income
Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                                                  20,164                                   (34,348)
Share of other comprehensive income of
                                                                                            51,482                                   (55,583)
  associates and joint ventures
Exchange differences on translation of financial
                                                                                        (263,031)                                    (717,314)
  statements in foreign currencies
Income tax impact                                                                         (3,896)                                           -




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Total other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax         18                    (626,084)                                   (539,317)



Total comprehensive income for the year                                                12,974,809                                   10,331,129



Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company                                                           12,760,128                                 10,402,443

  Non-controlling interests                                                                214,681                                    (71,314)



Total                                                                                  12,974,809                                   10,331,129




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                 249
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                           Consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                    As at 31 December 2021

                                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                         Note                        2021                                       2020



          Non-current assets

            Property and equipment                                        20                     5,178,222                                  5,014,084

            Investment properties                                         21                      294,008                                    408,338

            Goodwill                                                      22                    2,836,429                                   2,260,945

            Land-use rights and other intangible assets                   23                    6,790,673                                   5,276,069

            Interest in associates                                        25                   18,269,459                                    17,691,161

            Interest in joint ventures                                    26                     1,749,065                                   1,641,846

            Debt investment at amortised cost                             27                   25,299,666                                  19,230,660
            Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                          28                    5,020,422                                   14,401,106
              comprehensive income
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         30                    9,896,339                                   9,229,523

            Refundable deposits                                           31                    27,627,129                                 24,763,790

            Deferred tax assets                                           32                      654,651                                    339,502

            Other non-current assets                                      33                      282,227                                    283,320



          Total non-current assets                                                            103,898,290                                 100,540,344



          Current assets

            Accounts receivable                                           34                    10,287,174                                  9,095,561

            Other receivables and prepayments                             35                     2,122,246                                    1,131,408

            Margin accounts receivable                                    36                   116,942,245                                102,574,007

            Debt investment at amortised cost                             27                     7,121,850                                  11,180,848

            Financial assets held under resale agreements                 29                     11,751,970                                 19,536,413

            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         30                  345,362,833                                 282,577,589
            Financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                          28                     4,457,415                                  1,545,266
              comprehensive income
            Derivative financial assets                                   37                   15,247,805                                   7,295,357

            Clearing settlement funds                                     38                    8,580,941                                   6,988,396

            Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                      39                  143,640,263                                 124,635,007

            Cash and bank balances                                        40                    37,237,801                                 49,651,039



          Total current assets                                                                702,752,543                                  616,210,891



          Total assets                                                                       806,650,833                                   716,751,235




          The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




250
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                 Consolidated statement of financial position
                                                      As at 31 December 2021 (continued)

                                                                                (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                 Note                        2021                                       2020



Current liabilities

  Short-term bank loans                                           42                    8,492,290                                   11,299,859


                                                                                                                                                          About Us
  Short-term debt instruments issued                              43                   53,598,658                                  43,951,388

  Placements from other financial institutions                    44                     14,018,721                                 4,815,236

  Accounts payable to brokerage clients                           45                   147,501,833                                136,387,634

  Employee benefits payable                                       46                    5,757,598                                   4,156,895

  Other payables and accruals                                     47                  106,620,755                                  105,880,311

  Contract liabilities                                            48                      265,637                                      92,366

  Current tax liabilities                                                                1,245,374                                  1,275,589

  Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements               49                   130,710,001                                139,899,968




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss      50                   28,289,462                                   12,196,234

  Derivative financial liabilities                                37                    10,643,222                                 13,398,830

  Long-term bonds due within one year                             51                   35,372,308                                   11,428,893




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Total current liabilities                                                             542,515,859                                484,783,203



Net current assets                                                                    160,236,684                                  131,427,688



Total assets less current liabilities                                                 264,134,974                                 231,968,032



Non-current liabilities




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
  Long-term bonds                                                 52                    97,966,119                                85,624,295

  Long-term bank loans                                            53                       722,816                                    475,414

  Non-current employee benefits payable                           46                    7,057,339                                   6,974,615

  Deferred tax liabilities                                        32                      2,619,161                                 2,545,647

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss      50                    2,833,456                                   3,185,296

  Other payables and accruals                                     47                      900,299                                    850,730



Total non-current liabilities                                                          112,099,190                                99,655,997



Net assets                                                                            152,035,784                                  132,312,035




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                 251
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                            Consolidated statement of financial position
                                               As at 31 December 2021 (continued)

                                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                               Note                             2021                                       2020



          Equity

            Share capital                                       54                         9,076,650                                   9,076,650

            Other equity instruments                            54                         9,996,425                                           -

            Treasury shares                                     54                         (1,231,547)                                (1,626,546)

            Reserves                                            54                         95,021,503                                 92,622,778

            Retained profits                                    54                        35,559,779                                  28,998,618



            Total equity attributable to
                                                                                          148,422,810                                 129,071,500
             shareholders of the Company
            Non-controlling interests                                                       3,612,974                                  3,240,535



          Total equity                                                                    152,035,784                                 132,312,035




          Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2022.




          Zhang Wei                                            Zhou Yi

          Chairman of the Board,Director                       Director,Chief Executive Officer,Chairman of the Executive Committee




          The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




252
                                                            Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                                                                                                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                           Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                           Reserves

                                                                                                                                                   Cash flow                                                         Non-
                                              Share     Other equity    Treasury         Capital        Surplus       General         Fair value     hedges     Translation       Retained                     controlling          Total
                                             capital    instruments       shares         reserve        reserve       reserve           reserve      reserve       reserve          profits          Total       interests         equity
                                           (Note 54)       (Note 54)    (Note 54)      (Note 54)      (Note 54)      (Note 54)        (Note 54)     (Note 37)     (Note 54)       (Note 54)



      As at 1 January 2021                  9,076,650              -   (1,626,546)     70,750,052       5,711,067    15,792,946          605,917    (34,348)      (202,856)      28,998,618     129,071,500      3,240,535      132,312,035



      Changes in equity for 2021

        Profit for the year                        -               -            -              -               -             -                 -           -              -       13,346,106     13,346,106        254,787      13,600,893

        Other comprehensive income                 -               -            -              -               -             -         (383,217)       20,164     (222,925)               -      (585,978)         (40,106)      (626,084)



      Total comprehensive income                   -               -            -              -               -             -         (383,217)       20,164     (222,925)       13,346,106      12,760,128        214,681     12,974,809



      Issue of perpetual bonds                     -       9,996,425            -              -               -             -                 -           -              -               -      9,996,425                -      9,996,425

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                   -               -      443,963       (235,027)              -             -                 -           -              -               -        208,936          43,893         252,829
        payments

      Capital injection by non-
                                                   -               -            -          47,327              -             -                 -           -              -               -          47,327         113,865         161,192
       controlling shareholders

      Acquisition of treasury shares               -               -     (48,964)              -               -             -                 -           -              -               -       (48,964)                -       (48,964)

      Appropriation to surplus reserve             -               -            -              -        858,855              -                 -           -              -      (858,855)                -               -              -

      Appropriation to general reserve             -               -            -              -               -      2,313,098                -           -              -     (2,313,098)               -               -              -

      Dividends declared for the year              -               -            -              -               -             -                 -           -              -     (3,612,549)     (3,612,549)               -     (3,612,549)

      Other comprehensive income
       that has been reclassified to               -               -            -              -               -             -              443             -             -           (443)               -               -              -
       retained profits

      Others                                       -               -            -              7               -             -                 -            -             -               -               7               -              7



      As at 31 December 2021                9,076,650      9,996,425   (1,231,547)     70,562,359     6,569,922      18,106,044          223,143     (14,184)     (425,781)      35,559,779     148,422,810       3,612,974    152,035,784




      The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




253
                                         Financial Report and                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                                                     Corporate Governance                                                                           About Us                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                     and Strategies
254




                                                         Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                                                                                                                HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)

                                                                                                                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                         Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                          Reserves

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Non-
                                                          Treasury       Capital      Surplus        General         Fair value       Cash flow     Translation     Retained                       controlling           Total
                                         Share capital      shares       reserve      reserve        reserve           reserve    hedges reserve       reserve        profits            Total       interests          equity
                                            (Note 54)     (Note 54)     (Note 54)    (Note 54)     (Note 54)         (Note 54)          (Note 37)     (Note 54)     (Note 54)



      As at 1 January 2020                   9,076,650             -    70,290,533     5,118,691    14,084,427          393,572                 -       395,195       23,178,411    122,537,479        3,117,229    125,654,708



      Changes in equity for 2020

       Profit for the year                           -             -             -            -              -                -                 -             -     10,822,497       10,822,497          47,949       10,870,446

       Other comprehensive income                    -             -             -            -              -          212,345          (34,348)      (598,051)              -      (420,054)         (119,263)       (539,317)



      Total comprehensive income                     -             -             -            -              -          212,345          (34,348)      (598,051)    10,822,497       10,402,443         (71,314)       10,331,129



      Equity-settled share-based
                                                     -             -       459,514            -              -                -                 -             -               -        459,514          194,620         654,134
        payments

      Acquisition of treasury shares                 -    (1,626,546)            -            -              -                -                 -             -               -     (1,626,546)               -      (1,626,546)

      Appropriation to surplus reserve               -             -            -      592,376               -                -                 -             -      (592,376)               -                -                -

      Appropriation to general reserve               -             -            -             -       1,708,519               -                 -             -     (1,708,519)              -                -                -

      Dividends declared for the year                -             -            -             -              -                -                 -             -     (2,701,395)     (2,701,395)               -      (2,701,395)

      Others                                         -             -            5             -              -                -                 -             -               -              5                -                5



      As at 31 December 2020                 9,076,650    (1,626,546)   70,750,052    5,711,067     15,792,946          605,917          (34,348)     (202,856)     28,998,618      129,071,500       3,240,535      132,312,035




      The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                          Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                                        Note               2021                                       2020




                                                                                                                                                         About Us
Cash flows from operating activities:

 Profit before income tax                                                             16,272,562                                  13,504,376

 Adjustments for:

 Interest expenses                                                                    10,990,375                                   8,358,703

 Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                    (2,629,981)                                 (4,203,647)

 Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                1,432,645                                    1,341,384

 Net provision for impairment loss                                                       548,188                                   1,305,862

 Expenses recognised from equity-settled share-based payment                            243,690                                      654,134
 Net gains on disposal of property and
                                                                                           (296)                                     (1,455)
  equipment and intangible assets



                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
  Foreign exchange losses                                                                282,024                                     821,223
  Dividend income and interest income from financial
    assets through other comprehensive income                                        (1,883,646)                                  (1,125,358)



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
    and debt investment at amortised cost
  Net losses arising from derecognition of financial assets
                                                                                         100,557                                       10,601
   at fair value through other comprehensive income
  Net gains arising from derecognition of debt
                                                                                        (46,269)                                     (3,567)
   investment at amortised cost
  Unrealised fair value changes in financial instruments
                                                                                       8,694,589                                 (4,678,762)
   through profit or loss
  Unrealised fair value changes in derivatives                                       (10,147,672)                                  6,371,886
  Excess of interest in the fair value of investee’s identifiable net
                                                                                               -                                    (60,073)
    assets over investment costs of associates venture acquired




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
  Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                            23,856,766                                  22,295,307




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                255
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                    Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                                For the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)

                                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                        Note                   2021                                        2020




          Cash flows from operating activities (continued):

            Increase in refundable deposits                                              (2,863,339)                                 (12,110,250)

            Increase in margin accounts receivable                                       (14,814,298)                               (34,923,307)
            Increase in accounts receivable, other
                                                                                         (2,284,276)                                  (3,729,127)
              receivables and prepayments
            Increase in financial assets held under resale agreements                    (1,578,867)                                   (444,591)
            Increase in financial instruments at fair value
                                                                                        (59,417,653)                                 (30,161,539)
              through profit or loss
            Decrease in restricted bank deposits                                           4,986,351                                     1,817,601

            Increase in cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                        (18,973,439)                                 (41,567,511)

            Increase in accounts payable to brokerage clients                               11,114,199                                46,569,714

            Increase in other payables and accruals                                          1,361,311                                18,416,886
            Increase in employee benefits payable and
                                                                                           1,683,427                                    2,197,123
              other non-current liabilities
            (Decrease) / increase in financial assets sold
                                                                                         (9,189,967)                                  30,180,923
              under repurchase agreements
            Increase / (decrease) in placements from
              other financial institutions                                                  9,201,319                                (6,536,368)



            Cash used in from operations                                                (56,918,466)                                 (7,995,139)



            Income taxes paid                                                            (2,894,184)                                  (1,961,778)

            Interest paid                                                                (5,524,444)                                  (3,912,007)



            Net cash used in operating activities                                       (65,337,094)                                (13,868,924)




          The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




256
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                           Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                        For the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)

                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                            Note                     2021                                       2020




                                                                                                                                                   About Us
Cash flows from investing activities:

 Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                      5,914                                       12,391

 Dividends received from associates                                               1,124,363                                   767,576
 Dividend income and interest income from
   financial assets through other
                                                                                 1,883,646                                    1,125,358
   comprehensive income and debt investment
   at amortised cost
 Net losses arising from derecognition of
  financial assets at fair value through other                                   (100,557)                                     (10,601)
  comprehensive income
 Net gains arising from derecognition of debt
                                                                                    46,269                                       3,567




                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
  investment at amortised cost
 Purchases of property and equipment,
   investment properties, land-use rights and other                             (2,953,175)                                 (1,007,100)
   intangible assets and other non-current assets



                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
 Cash paid for acquisition of a subsidiary, net
                                                                                (803,430)                                     (117,832)
  of cash and bank balances acquired
  Acquisition of interests in associates, joint
                                                                                 (412,745)                                  (1,730,752)
   ventures and other investments
  Divestments of associates and joint ventures                                    1,195,428                                  1,523,872

  Purchase of debt investment at amortised cost                                 (1,997,103)                                (10,693,105)
  Disposal / (purchase) of financial assets at fair value
                                                                                 1,749,348                                 (3,324,919)
    through other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
  Net cash used in investing activities                                          (262,042)                                 (13,451,545)




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                          257
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                    Consolidated statement of cash flows
                                              For the year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)

                                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                     Note                      2021                                       2020




          Cash flows from financing activities:

            Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt instruments                        129,076,996                                 147,192,346

            Proceeds from issuance of long-term bonds                                     56,580,701                                  47,079,773

            Proceeds from issuance of perpetual bonds                                      9,996,425                                           -

            Proceeds from / (repayment) of long-term bank loans                              247,402                                   (371,748)

            (Repayment of) / proceeds from short-term bank loans                         (2,795,165)                                  5,564,492

            Repayment of debt securities issued                                        (140,777,597)                                (164,042,119)

            Short-term bank loans interest paid                                            (126,999)                                    (28,235)

            Long-term bank loans interest paid                                              (22,956)                                    (38,130)

            Short-term debt instruments interest paid                                      (827,947)                                   (769,501)

            Long-term bonds interest paid                                                (3,435,757)                                 (2,988,523)

            Dividends paid                                                               (3,612,549)                                  (2,701,395)

            Payment of lease liabilities                                                   (462,158)                                  (420,344)

            Payment of acquisition of treasury shares                                       (48,964)                                 (1,626,546)
            Cash received from Restricted Share Incentive
                                                                                             413,941                                           -
             Scheme of A Shares



            Net cash generated from financing activities             41(b)                44,205,373                                 26,850,070



            Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                   (21,393,763)                                  (470,399)

            Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                        67,646,413                                  69,198,778

            Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        (351,288)                                  (1,081,966)



            Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year         41(a)                45,901,362                                  67,646,413




          The notes on pages 259 to 389 form part of these financial statements.




258
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2021
                                                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


1 General information

Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the “Company”), formerly known as Jiangsu Securities Company, was approved by the People’s
Bank of China (“PBOC”), and registered with the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Jiangsu Province on 9 April
1991, with a registered capital of RMB10 million. The Company was renamed as Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company


                                                                                                                                                       About Us
on 21 December 1999 and then renamed as Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 7 December 2007 as a result of the conversion into
a joint stock limited liability company.

The Company publicly issued RMB784,561,275 ordinary shares (the “A shares”) in February 2010, and was listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange on 26 February 2010.

In June 2015, the Company issued RMB1,562,768,800 H shares, which were listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange”).

In July 2018, the Company issued RMB1,088,731,200 A shares through private placement.



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
In June 2019, the Company issued 82,515,000 Global Deposits Receipts (the “GDRs”), representing 825,150,000 new A shares,
and was listed on the London Stock Exchange plc (the “London Stock Exchange”).


                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
As at 31 December 2021, the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,076,650,000 and the Company has a total of
9,076,650,000 issued shares of RMB1 each.

The Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) principally engaged in securities brokerage, securities proprietary trading,
securities underwriting and sponsorship, securities investment advisory, asset management, margin financing and
securities lending, agency sale of financial products, intermediary introduction business for the futures companies, agency
sale and custody of securities investment fund, mutual fund management, brokerage of spot contracts for precious metal
such as gold, proprietary trading of spot contract for gold, direct investment business, alternative investment business,




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
stock option market making, futures brokerage business and other business activities as approved by the China Securities
Regulatory Commission(“the CSRC”).



2 Significant accounting policies

(1) Statement of compliance

These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable International Financial Reporting
Standards (“IFRSs”), which collective term includes International Accounting Standards and related interpretations
promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Kong Companies Ordinance. These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”). A summary of the significant
accounting policies adopted by the Group are set out below.




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
The IASB has issued a number of new and revised IFRSs that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
Group. Note 2(3) provides information on any change in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these
developments to the extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current and prior accounting periods reflected in
these financial statements. The revised and new accounting standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective for
the accounting period ended 31 December 2021 are set out in Note 64.


(2) Basis of preparation of the financial statements

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except that the following assets and liabilities are
measured at their fair value: financial derivatives, non-derivative financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit
or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The methods used to measure fair value are
discussed further in Note 2(8).




                                                                                                                                              259
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the functional currency of the Company. All financial
          information presented in RMB has been rounded to the nearest thousand, except when otherwise indicated. The Group
          translates the financial statements of subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies into the Group’s functional
          currency if the subsidiaries’ functional currencies are not the same as that of the Group.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgments, estimates and
          assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and
          expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

          The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
          recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

          Judgments made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the financial statements and
          major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2(29).


          (3) Changes in accounting policies

          The Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by the IASB to these financial statements for the current
          accounting period:

          • Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16, Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2

          • Amendment to IFRS 16, COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021

          A number of other new standards are also effective from 1 January 2021, but they do not have a material effect on the
          Group’s financial statements. Impacts of the adoption of the aforementioned amended IFRSs are discussed below:

          (i) Amendments to IFRS 9, IAS 39, IFRS 7, IFRS 4 and IFRS 16, Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 2

          The amendments provide targeted reliefs from accounting for changes in the basis for determining contractual cash flows
          of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities as modifications, and discontinuing hedge accounting when an
          interest rate benchmark is replaced by an alternative benchmark rate as a result of the reform of interbank offered rates.

          (ii) Amendment to IFRS 16, COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions

          The Group previously applied the practical expedient in IFRS 16 such that as lessee it was not required to assess whether
          rent concessions occurring as a direct consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic were lease modifications, if the eligibility
          conditions are met. One of these conditions requires the reduction in lease payments affect only payments originally due
          on or before a specified time limit. The 2021 amendment extends this time limit from 30 June 2021 to 30 June 2022.

          The Group has early adopted the amendment in this financial year. With the extended time limit, certain rent concessions
          that were previously ineligible for the practical expedient because of the original time limit, become eligible. Accordingly,
          these rent concessions, which were previously accounted for as lease modifications, are now accounted for as negative
          variable lease payments, and are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
          those payments occurred.

          None of these developments have had a material effect on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current or
          prior periods have been prepared or presented. The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not
          yet effective for the current accounting period.


          (4) Basis of consolidation

          (i) Business combinations

          The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and
          assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group (see Note 2(4)(ii)). In determining whether
          a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired
          includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.

          The Group has an option to apply a ‘concentration test’ that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of
          activities and assets is not a business. The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
          assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.




260
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(ii) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When
assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
gains arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in                About Us
respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meet the definition of a financial
liability.

Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented
on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the reporting period
between non-controlling interests and the shareholders of the Company.




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss
is recognised.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with
a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when
control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
asset (see Note 2(8)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture
(see Note 2(4)(iii)).

In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see
Note 2(15)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for
sale).

(iii) Associates and joint ventures

An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or Company and other parties contractually agree to share control of




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) or applied




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and measured the investment at fair value
through profit or loss. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the
Group’s share of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee’s identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group’s share of the investee’s net assets
and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 2(15)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group’s
share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised
in profit or loss, whereas the Group’s share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees’ other comprehensive
income is recognised in other comprehensive income.

When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group’s interest is reduced to
nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s interest is the carrying amount of




                                                                                                                                    261
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the investment under the equity method together with the Group’s long-term interests that in substance form part of the
          Group’s net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

          Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are
          eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
          impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

          If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not remeasured.
          Insteadly, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

          When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
          capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
          in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

          In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
          venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
          in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is
          recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note
          2(8)).

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint venture of the Company are
          accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
          classified as held for sale) or applied the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and
          measured the investment at fair value through profit or loss.


          (5) Goodwill

          Goodwill represents the excess of:

          (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
          acquiree and the fair value of the Group’s previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

          (ii) the net fair value of the acquiree’s identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

          When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

          Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to
          each cash-generating unit (“CGU”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination
          and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(15)).

          On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the
          profit or loss on disposal.


          (6) Foreign currency

          When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to RMB at the spot exchange
          rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial recognition, translated to RMB at the spot
          exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.

          A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the PBOC, the State Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate
          determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under
          a systematic and rational method, normally the average exchange rate of the current period.

          Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of the
          reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss. Non-monetary items denominated
          in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to RMB using the foreign exchange rate at the
          transaction date. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at fair value are translated
          using the foreign exchange rate at the date the fair value is determined; the resulting exchange differences are recognised in
          profit or loss, except for the differences arising from the translation of equity securities investment designated as at fair value
          through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) (except on impairment, in which case foreign currency differences that have
          been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss), which are recognised as OCI in reserve.




262
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of reporting
period. The equity items, excluding “retained profits”, are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction
dates. The income and expenses of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
approximate the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other
comprehensive income, and presented in the foreign currency translation reserve (translation reserve) in equity. Upon
disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognised in shareholders’ equity
which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the period in which the disposal occurs.


(7) Cash and cash equivalents



                                                                                                                                             About Us
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, and short-term, highly liquid investments, which are
readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of change in value.


(8) Financial instruments

(i) Recognition and initial measurement

Financial instruments are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the investment.
Financial instruments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those
investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in


                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 2(8)(iv). Financial
instruments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
(ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI; or FVTPL.

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for
managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting
period following the change in the business model.

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
FVTPL:

– it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

– its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding.

A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

– it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets; and

– its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
principal amount outstanding.

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present
subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL.
This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset
that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or
significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise..

Financial assets – Business model assessment

The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level
because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management.

Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for
this purpose, consistent with the Group’s continuing recognition of the assets.




                                                                                                                                    263
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are
          measured at FVTPL.

          Financial assets – Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

          For the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition.
          ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal
          amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and
          administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

          In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the
          contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that
          could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this
          assessment, the Group considers:

          – contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;

          – terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features;

          – prepayment and extension features; and

          – terms that limit the Group’s claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).

          A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount
          substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include
          reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at
          a discount or premium to its contractual paramount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that
          substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also
          include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value
          of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.

          Financial assets – Subsequent measurement and gains and losses



          Financial assets at FVTPL                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or
                                                       dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

          Financial assets at amortised cost           These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The
                                                       amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses
                                                       and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit
                                                       or loss.

          Debt investments at FVOCI                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the effective
                                                       interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                       Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in
                                                       OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

          Equity investments at FVOCI                  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or
                                                       loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                                       gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.




          Financial liabilities – Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses

          Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is
          classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL
          are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. The fair
          value change of a financial liability designated at FVTPL that is attributable to changes of that financial liability’s credit risk
          is to be recognised in OCI (without reclassification to profit or loss). Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
          amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised
          in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.

          (iii) impairment

          The Group recognises loss allowances for Expected Credit Losses (ECLs) on:




264
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
– financial assets measured at amortised cost;

– debt investments measured at FVOCI; and

– contract assets.

Debt investment at fair value, FVTPL and equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL
assessment.

Measurement of ECLs

ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash


                                                                                                                                             About Us
shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows
that the Group expects to receive).

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is
exposed to credit risk.

In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue
cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
– 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the
reporting date; and



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
– lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the
items to which the ECL model applies.

Loss allowances for accounts receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience,
adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic
conditions at the reporting date.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been
a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which are measured at
12-month ECLs:

– debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

– other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the
financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

Significant increases in credit risk




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group’s historical




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.

In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly
since initial recognition:

– failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

– an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal credit rating (if available);

– an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

– existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse
effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.




                                                                                                                                    265
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed
          on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial
          instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

          Credit-impaired financial assets

          At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI
          are credit-impaired. A financial asset is ‘credit-impaired’ when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
          estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

          Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

          – significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;

          – a breach of contract such as a default;

          – the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;

          – it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisations; or

          – the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

          Presentation of allowance for ECL in the consolidated statement of financial position

          Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the
          assets.

          For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is recognised in OCI.

          Write-off

          The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written-off when the Group has no reasonable expectations of recovering
          a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no significant recovery from the amount written-
          off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the
          Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due.

          Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written-off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or
          loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

          (iv) Fair value measurement

          If there is an active market for a financial asset or financial liability, the quoted market price without adjusting for
          transaction costs that may be incurred upon future disposal or settlement is used to establish the fair value of the financial
          asset or financial liability. For a financial asset held or a financial liability to be assumed, the quoted price is the current
          bid price. For a financial asset to be acquired or a financial liability assumed, the quoted price is the current asking price.
          Quoted prices from an active market are prices that are readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker,
          industry group or pricing service agency, and represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s
          length basis.

          If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair value. Valuation
          techniques include using recent arm’s length market transactions between knowledgeable, willing parties, reference
          to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
          pricing models. Where discounted cash flow technique is used, future cash flows are estimated based on management’s
          best estimates and the discount rate used is the prevailing market rate applicable for instrument with similar terms and
          conditions at the end of the reporting period. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on market data at the
          end of the reporting period.

          In estimating the fair value of a financial asset and financial liability, the Group considers all factors including, but not
          limited to, risk-free interest rate, credit risk, foreign exchange rate and market volatility, that are likely to affect the fair value
          of the financial asset and financial liability.

          The Group obtains market data from the same market where the financial instrument was originated or purchased.

          (v) Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities




266
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Financial assets (or a part of a financial asset or group of financial assets) are derecognised when the financial assets
meet one of the following conditions:

– the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or

– the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets or where substantially all
the risks and rewards of ownership of a financial asset are neither retained nor transferred, the control over that asset is
relinquished.

If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but
retains control, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and relevant liability to the extent of its continuing


                                                                                                                                                About Us
involvement in the financial asset.

The financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised only when the underlying present obligation (or part of it) specified in
the contracts is discharged, cancelled or expired. An agreement between the Group and an existing lender to replace the
original financial liability with a new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the
terms of an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and recognition
of a new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of the derecognised financial liability and the
consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

(vi) Offsetting



                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial
position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the transactions are


                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realising the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.

(vii) Equity instruments

An equity instrument is a contract that proves the ownership interest of the residual assets after deducting all liabilities of
the Group. Considerations received from issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs are recognised in equity.
Considerations and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing its own equity instruments are deducted from
equity.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
(viii) Perpetual bonds

At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds issued as financial liabilities or equity instruments based
on their contractual terms and their economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity
instruments.

Perpetual bonds issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on the actual
amount received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation.
When the perpetual bonds are redeemed according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to equity.

(ix) Derivative financial instruments

Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value is




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss, except where
the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or hedges of net investment in a foreign operation, in which case
recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being hedged.




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
(x) Hedge accounting

At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group formally designates the hedge instruments and the hedged items,
and documents the hedging relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identiﬁcation of the hedging instrument,
the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument’s
effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair value or cash ﬂows attributable to the hedged
risk. Such hedges are expected to meet the hedge effectiveness in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash ﬂows
and are assessed on an ongoing basis to analyse the sources of hedge ineffectiveness which are expected to affect
the hedging relationship in remaining hedging period. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness
requirement relating to the hedge ratio, but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship
remains the same, the Group would rebalance the hedging relationship.




                                                                                                                                       267
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Group designates such hedged items as debt securities issued with floating interest that expose the Group to the risk of
          variability of its cash flows.

          Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group’s risk management positions,
          do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held for trading with fair value gains or losses
          recognised in proﬁt or loss. Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for in accordance
          with the Group’s accounting policy as set out below.

          Fair value hedges

          Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group’s exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or
          an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment, or an identiﬁed portion of such an asset, liability or unrecognised ﬁrm commitment,
          that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income. Among them,
          the circumstances affecting other comprehensive income are limited to the hedging for the risk exposure from fair value
          change of non-trading equity investment designated as at FVOCI. For fair value hedges, the carrying amount of the hedged
          item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable to the risk being hedged, the derivative is remeasured at fair value and
          the gains and losses from both are taken to proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income.

          For hedged items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged item and the face
          value is amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective interest rate method.

          When an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in the fair
          value of the ﬁrm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain
          or loss recognised in proﬁt or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognised in proﬁt or
          loss.

          The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting when the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria
          after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has
          been sold, terminated or exercised. If the hedged items are derecognised, the unamortised fair value is recorded in proﬁt or
          loss.

          Cash ﬂow hedges

          Cash ﬂow hedges are hedges of the Group’s exposure to variability in cash ﬂows that is attributable to a particular risk
          associated with a recognised asset or liability, a highly probable forecast transaction or a component of any such item,
          and could affect proﬁt or loss. For designated and qualifying cash ﬂow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on
          the hedging instrument is initially recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the gain or
          loss on the hedging instrument is recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss.

          When the hedged cash ﬂow affects proﬁt or loss, the gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised directly in other
          comprehensive income is recycled in the corresponding income or expense line of the statement of proﬁt or loss. When
          the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging
          relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has been sold, terminated or exercised, any cumulative gain
          or loss existing in other comprehensive income at that time remains in other comprehensive income until the hedged
          forecast transaction ultimately occurs. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or
          loss that was reported in other comprehensive income is immediately transferred to proﬁt or loss.

          Net investment hedges

          Net investment hedge is a hedge of the currency risk of a net investment in a foreign institution operation.

          Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash ﬂow hedges. Any gain or loss on the
          hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised directly in other comprehensive income; the
          gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised in proﬁt or loss immediately. Gains and losses accumulated in
          other comprehensive income are included in proﬁt or loss when the foreign operation is disposed of as part of the gain or
          loss on the disposal.


          (9) Margin financing and securities lending

          Margin financing and securities lending refer to the lending of funds by the Group to customers for purchase of securities,




268
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
or lending of securities by the Group to customers for securities selling, for which the customers provide the Group with
collateral.

The classification, subsequent measurement and impairment of margin financing receivables is based on policies in Note
2(8). Securities lent are not derecognised when the risk and rewards are not transferred, and interest income from margin
financing receivables and securities lent is recognised using the effective interest rate method.

The collateral is not recognised on the statement of financial position, the transfer of the collateral from counterparties is
only reflected on the statement of financial position if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred.

Securities trading on behalf of margin financing or securities lending customers are accounted for as securities brokerage


                                                                                                                                               About Us
business.


(10) Financial assets held under resale and sold under repurchase agreements

Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions where the Group acquires financial assets which will
be resold at a predetermined price at a future date under resale agreements. Financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements are transactions where the Group sells financial assets which will be repurchased at a predetermined price at
a future date under repurchase agreements.

The cash advanced or received is recognised as amounts held under resale or sold under repurchase agreements in the


                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in memorandum accounts
as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the consolidated



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
statement of financial position.

The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale and repurchase consideration,
is amortised over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest
income and interest expenses, respectively.


(11) Investments in subsidiaries

In the Group’s consolidated financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance with the




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
principles described in Note 2(4).

In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost method. The
investment is stated at cost less impairment loss (Note 2(15)) in the statements of financial position. Except for declared
but not yet distributed cash dividends or profits distribution that have been included in the price or consideration paid
in obtaining the investments, the Group recognises its share of the cash dividends or profit distribution declared by the
investees as investment income.


(12) Property and equipment and construction in progress

(i) Recognition and measurement




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Items of property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
losses (see Note 2(15)). Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-
constructed assets includes the following:




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
– the cost of materials and direct labour;

– any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use;

– when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling and
removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and

– capitalised borrowing costs.

Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.
When parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items
(major components) of property and equipment.

Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property and equipment (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds




                                                                                                                                      269
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in profit or loss.

          Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditures incurred which include all necessary
          expenditures incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation and other costs incurred to
          bring the asset to its intended use.

          Items classified as construction in progress are transferred to property and equipment when such assets are ready for their
          intended use.

          (ii) Subsequent costs

          Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the
          expenditure will flow to the Group. Ongoing repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

          (iii) Depreciation

          Items of property and equipment are depreciated from the date they are available for use or, in respect of self-constructed
          assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.

          Depreciation is calculated to write-off the cost of items of property and equipment less their estimated residual values
          using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

          Depreciation is generally recognised in profit or loss, unless the amount is included in the carrying amount of another asset.
          Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that
          the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years of significant items of property and equipment are as
          follows:


                                                                 Estimated                      Estimated                    Depreciation
          Types of assets                                       useful lives               residual values                          rates



          Buildings                                             30 - 35 years                           3%                    2.77% - 3.23%

          Motor vehicles                                          5 - 8 years                           3%                   12.13% - 19.40%

          Electronic equipment                                       5 years                            3%                           19.40%

          Furniture and fixtures                                     5 years                            3%                           19.40%




          No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress. Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values
          are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.


          (13) Investment property

          Investment property is property held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in
          the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

          Investment property is accounted for using the cost model and stated in the financial statements at cost less accumulated
          depreciation, and impairment losses (see Note 2(15)). The cost of investment property, less its estimated residual value and
          accumulated impairment losses, is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, unless the
          investment property is classified as held for sale.


                                                                 Estimated                      Estimated                    Depreciation
                                                                useful lives               residual values                          rates



          Investment property                                   30 - 35 years                           3%                    2.77% - 3.23%




          Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment property. The cost of self-
          constructed investment property includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to
          bringing the investment property to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs.




270
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(14) Land-use rights and other intangible assets

Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and
impairment loss (see Note 2(15)). For an intangible asset with finite useful life, its cost less impairment loss is amortised on
the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.

The respective amortisation periods for intangible assets are as follows:



Types of assets                                                                                              Estimated useful lives




                                                                                                                                                 About Us
Existing relationships with broker-dealers                                                                                Indefinite
Enterprise distribution channel customer relationships                                                                    Indefinite
Land-use rights                                                                                                       40 - 50 years
Trade names                                                                                                             11 - 20 years
Software and others                                                                                                     2 - 20 years




An intangible asset is regarded as having an indefinite useful life and is not amortised when there is no foreseeable limit to
the period over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
(15) Impairment of non-financial assets


                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
indication of impairment:

– property and equipment

– construction in progress

– investment property

– right‑of‑use asset




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
– land-use rights and other intangible assets

– equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

– goodwill

– leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses

If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets are tested annually for impairment. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU
exceeds its recoverable amount.




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For impairment




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that
are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs. Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, CGUs to
which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the
lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is
allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first
to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying
amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed only to the
extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.




                                                                                                                                        271
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (16) Contract assets and contract liabilities

          A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
          transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy
          set out in Note 2(8)(iii) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.

          A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue.
          A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the
          Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

          For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
          contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.

          When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under the
          effective interest method.


          (17) Employee benefits

          (i) Short-term employee benefits

          Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
          is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing
          plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by
          the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

          (ii) Defined contribution plans

          A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
          separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined
          contribution plans are recognised as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related
          services are rendered by employees.

          (iii) Other long-term employee benefits

          The Group's net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the amount of future
          benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted
          to determine its present value, and the fair value of any related assets is deducted. The discount rate is the yield at the
          reporting date on corporate bonds, which have a credit rating of at least AA from rating agency, that have maturity dates
          approximating the terms of the Group's obligations and that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits are
          expected to be paid. The calculation is performed using the projected unit credit method. Any actuarial gains and losses
          are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

          (iv) Termination benefits

          Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic possibility
          of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date, or to provide
          termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary
          redundancies are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is probable that
          the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable more than 12
          months after the reporting date, then they are discounted to their present value.


          (18) Share-based payments

          (i) Accounting treatment of cash-settled share-based payments

          Where the Group receives services from employees by incurring a liability to deliver cash or other assets for amounts that
          are determined based on the price of shares or other equity instruments, the service received from employees is measured
          at the fair value of the liability incurred. If a cash-settled share-based payment do not vest until the completion of services
          for a period, or until the achievement of a specified performance condition, the Group recognises costs or expenses as
          services are received, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on
          the best estimate of the outcome of vesting. Until the liability is settled, the Group will remeasure the fair value of the liability




272
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
at each balance sheet date and at the date of settlement, with changes recongised in profit or loss for the current period.

When the Group receives services and has the obligation to settle the transaction, but the relevant equity instruments are
issued by the Company’s ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group classifies the transaction as cash-
settled.

(ii) Accounting treatment of equity-settled share-based payments

Where the Group uses shares or other equity instruments as consideration for services received from the employees, the
payment is measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted to the employees at the grant date. If the equity
instruments granted do not vest until the completion of services for a period, or until the achievement of a specified


                                                                                                                                            About Us
performance condition, the Group recognises an amount at each balance sheet date during the vesting period based
on the best estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest according to the newly obtained subsequent
information of the changes of the number of the employees expected to vest the equity instruments. The Group measures
the services received at the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments and recognises the costs or expenses as the
services are received, with a corresponding increase in capital reserve.

When the Group receives services, but the Group has no obligation to settle the transaction because the relevant equity
instruments are issued by the Company’s ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group also classifies the
transaction as equity-settled.



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
(19) Income tax



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss except
to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

(i) Current tax

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax
payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(ii) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.

Deferred tax is not recognised for:

– temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination
and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;

– temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities to the extent that
the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not
reverse in the foreseeable future; and




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
– taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects,




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. For investment
property that is measured at fair value, the presumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be
recovered through sale has not been rebutted.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and
assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities,
but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised
simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognised for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent




                                                                                                                                   273
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are
          reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
          be realised.

          (iii) Tax exposures

          In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax positions
          and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may
          involve a series of judgements about future events. New information may become available that causes the Group to
          change its judgement regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax
          expense in the period that such a determination is made.


          (20) Leases

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease
          if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
          To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group uses the definition of a
          lease in IFRS 16.

          (i) As a lessee

          At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
          consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand‑alone prices. However, for the
          leases of property the Group has elected not to separate non‑lease components and account for the lease and non‑lease
          components as a single lease component.

          The Group recognises a right‑of‑use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right‑of‑use asset is
          initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at
          or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
          the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

          The right‑of‑use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‑line method from the commencement date to
          the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the
          lease term or the cost of the right‑of‑use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that case the
          right‑of‑use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis
          as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right‑of‑use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any,
          and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
          date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group’s
          incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

          The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources
          and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.

          Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

          – fixed payments, including in‑substance fixed payments;

          – variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
          commencement date;

          – amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and

          – the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in an optional
          renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early termination of a
          lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

          The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a
          change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of
          the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it




274
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised in‑substance fixed lease payment.

When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
right‑of‑use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right‑of‑use asset has been reduced to zero.

The Group presents right‑of‑use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in ‘property and equipment’
and lease liabilities in ‘other payables and accruals’ in the statement of financial position.


Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group has elected not to recognise right‑of‑use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low‑value assets and
short‑term leases, including IT equipment. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an
expense on a straight‑line basis over the lease term.
                                                                                                                                             About Us
(ii) As a lessor

At inception or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the
contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
lease.



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks
and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for
the major part of the economic life of the asset.

When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It
assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not
with reference to the underlying asset.

If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-
lease as an operating lease.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, then the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration
in the contract.

The Group applies the derecognition and impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the net investment in the lease (see Note
2(15)). The Group further regularly reviews estimated unguaranteed residual values used in calculating the gross investment
in the lease.

The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
term as part of ‘other income and gains’.


(21) Provisions and contingent liabilities




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably,
the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible
obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are
also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


(22) Fiduciary activities

The Group acts in a fiduciary activity as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the Group and
the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are recorded as off-balance sheet items as the risks and
rewards of the assets reside with customers.




                                                                                                                                    275
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (23) Revenue recognition

          Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the provision of services in the ordinary course of the
          Group’s business.

          Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer at the amount of promised consideration
          to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue
          excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

          Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be
          entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to a customer and includes in the transaction price some or all
          of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a
          significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.

          Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for
          more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
          rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued
          separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a
          significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted
          on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient of IFRS
          15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12
          months or less.

          Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i) Commission income from brokerage business

          Brokerage commission income is recognised on a trade date basis when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling
          and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognised when the related services are rendered.

          (ii) Underwriting and sponsor fees

          Underwriting fee is recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the underwriting contract.

          Depending on contract terms, sponsor fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the
          Group’s performance, or at a point in time when the service is completed.

          (iii) Advisory fees

          Depending on the nature of the advisory services and the contract terms, advisory fees are recognised progressively over
          time using a method that depicts the Group’s performance, or at a point in time when the advisory service is completed.

          (iv) Asset management fees

          Asset management fees include periodic management fees calculated based on assets under management and
          performance-based fees. The fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group’s
          performance, to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
          recognised will not occur.

          (v) Other income

          Other income is recognised on an accrual basis.


          (24) Expenses recognition

          (i) Commission expenses

          Commission expenses relate mainly to transactions, which are recognised as expenses when the services are received.

          (ii) Interest expenses

          Interest expenses are recognised based on the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

          (iii) Other expenses




276
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Other expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.


(25) Dividend distribution

Dividends or profit distributions proposed in the profit appropriation plan, which will be authorised and declared after the
end of the reporting period, are not recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period but disclosed in the notes to
the financial statements separately.


(26) Government grants

Government grants are recognised initially as deferred income at fair value when there is reasonable assurance that they


                                                                                                                                           About Us
will be received and the Group will comply with the conditions associated with the grant, and are then recognised in profit
or loss as other income on a systematic basis over the useful life of the asset.

Grants that compensate the Group for expenses incurred are recognised in profit or loss as other income on a systematic
basis in the periods in which the expenses are recognised.


(27) Related parties

(i) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:



                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(1) has control or joint control over the Group;

(2) has significant influence over the Group; or


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
(3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

(ii) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

(1) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
subsidiary is related to the others).

(2) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
which the other entity is a member).

(3) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

(4) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

(5) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the
Group.

(6) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

(7) A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of
the entity (or of a parent of the entity).




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
(8) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or
to the Group’s parent.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


(28) Segment reporting

Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the structure of the
Group’s internal organisation, management requirements and internal reporting system. An operating segment is a
component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose
financial performance are regularly reviewed by the Group’s management to make decisions about resource to be
allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which financial information regarding financial position,
financial performance and cash flows is available.

Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments have same or




                                                                                                                                  277
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and service, the nature of
          production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services, the methods used to distribute the
          products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment.

          Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment reporting,
          and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements.


          (29) Significant accounting estimates and judgements

          The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
          application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results
          may differ from these estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to
          accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

          (i) Fair value of financial instruments

          As indicated in Note 2(8)(i), financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through
          other comprehensive income are measured at fair value at the end of the year and it is usually possible to determine their
          fair values within a reasonable range of estimates.

          For part of the above financial instruments, quoted market prices are readily available. However, the determination of
          fair value for financial assets and liabilities for which there is no observable market price requires the use of valuation
          techniques as described in Note 2(8)(iv). For financial instruments that trade infrequently and have little price transparency,
          fair value is less objective, and requires varying degrees of judgment depending on liquidity, concentration, uncertainty of
          market factors, pricing assumptions and other risks affecting the specific instrument.

          (ii) Measurement of ECL

          The following significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring the ECL.

          Significant increase of credit risk

          As explained in Note 2(8)(iii), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for stage 1 assets, or lifetime ECL
          assets for stage 2 or stage 3 assets. An asset moves to stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial
          recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased, the Group takes into account
          qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information.

          Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics

          When ECLs are measured on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk
          characteristics. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess
          whether they continue to be similar. This is required in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is
          appropriate re-segmentation of the assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing
          portfolio that better reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to
          lifetime ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue to be
          measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the credit risk of the
          portfolios differ.

          Models and assumptions used

          The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most
          appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models, including
          assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk.

          Forward-looking information

          When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based on
          assumptions for the future movement of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

          Probability of default (PD)




278
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the
calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.

Loss given default (LGD)

LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit
enhancements.

Loss ratio (LR)

LR represents the Group’s expectation of the likelihood and extent of loss on exposure based on the relevant loan

                                                                                                                                              About Us
to collateral ratio. The Group uses historical loss rates based on publicly available information and assesses their
appropriateness.

(iii) Impairment of non-financial assets

Non-financial assets are reviewed regularly to determine whether the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount of
the assets. If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is provided.

Since the market price of an asset (the asset group) cannot be obtained reliably, the fair value of the asset cannot be
estimated reliably. In assessing the present value of future cash flows, significant judgements are exercised over the asset’s


                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
selling price, related operating expenses and discounting rate to calculate the present value. All relevant materials which
can be obtained are used for estimation of the recoverable amount, including the estimation of the selling price and


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
related operating expenses based on reasonable and supportable assumption.

(iv) Depreciation and amortisation

Property and equipment, investment property, intangible assets, leasehold improvements and long-term deferred
expenses are depreciated and amortised using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives after taking into
account residual values. The estimated useful lives are regularly reviewed to determine the depreciation and amortisation
costs charged in the reporting period. The estimated useful lives are determined based on historical experiences of similar




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
assets and the estimated technical changes. If there is an indication that there has been a change in the factors used to
determine the depreciation or amortisation, the amount of depreciation or amortisation will be revised.

(v) Income taxes

Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The Group
carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are set up accordingly. The tax treatment of such
transactions is reconsidered periodically to take into account all changes in tax legislations. Deferred tax assets are
recognised for tax losses not yet used and temporary deductible differences. As those deferred tax assets can only be
recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax credits
can be utilised, management’s judgement is required to assess the probability of future taxable profits. Management’s
assessment is constantly reviewed and additional deferred tax assets are recognised if it becomes probable that future




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
taxable profits will allow the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

(vi) Determination scope of consolidation




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, as an investor,
controls the investee. The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights, to
variable returns from involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount
of investors’ returns. The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

For asset management schemes where the Group involves as the manager or investment consultant, the Group assesses
whether the combination of investments it holds, if any, together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability of
returns from the activities of the asset management schemes that is of such significance indicating that the Group is a
principal. The asset management scheme shall be consolidated if the Group acts in the role of principal.




                                                                                                                                     279
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3 Taxation

          The Group’s main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:



                         Tax type                                                    Tax basis                                                Tax rate



          Value-added tax (VAT)                     Output VAT is calculated on product sales and taxable services revenue.        3% - 13%
                                                    The basis for VAT payable is to deduct input VAT from the output VAT for the
                                                    period.
          City maintenance and construction tax     Based on value added tax paid                                                  1% - 7%

          Education surcharge                       Based on value added tax paid                                                  2% - 3%

          Local Education surcharge                 Based on value added tax paid                                                  1% - 2%

          Income tax                                Based on taxable profits                                                       25%(i)




          (i) The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in the Mainland China is 25% (2020: 25%). The
          income tax rate applicable to subsidiaries in Hong Kong is 16.5% (2020: 16.5%). The corporate income tax rate applicable to
          subsidiaries in the United States is 21% (2020: 21%). Taxes of other overseas subsidiaries are charged at the relevant local
          rates.



          4 Fee and commission income


                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                   2021                                     2020



          Income from securities brokerage and advisory business                                              10,783,673                                 9,198,734

          Income from asset management business                                                                5,092,913                                 4,091,547

          Income from underwriting and sponsorship business                                                   4,053,693                                  3,351,882

          Income from futures brokerage business                                                                1,710,672                                1,268,196

          Income from financial advisory business                                                               504,953                                   422,499

          Other commission income                                                                                179,439                                  124,953



          Total                                                                                              22,325,343                                  18,457,811




280
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
5 Interest income


                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                 2021                               2020



Interest income from margin financing and securities lending                 9,079,183                           6,149,310

Interest income from financial institutions                                  3,874,504                          3,243,487

Interest income from debt instruments at amortised cost                       966,185                             851,854

Interest income from securities-backed lending                                330,323                             248,120
Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other


                                                                                                                                      About Us
                                                                               298,591                            272,184
  comprehensive income
Interest income from other financial assets held under resale
                                                                              186,004                             190,757
  agreements
Others                                                                           6,269                              8,169



Total                                                                       14,741,059                          10,963,881




6 Net investment gains


                                                                            Year ended 31 December                                 Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                                                                                 2021                               2020



Dividend income and interest income from financial
                                                                             9,332,733                          8,695,327
  instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Dividend income from financial assets at fair value
                                                                               618,870                               1,320
  through other comprehensive income
Net realised losses from disposal of derivative
                                                                          (17,553,798)                        (10,441,578)
 financial instruments
Net realised gains from disposal of financial
                                                                            18,618,785                         14,659,676
 instruments at fair value through profit or loss




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Net realised losses from disposal of financial instruments
                                                                             (100,557)                            (10,601)
 at fair value through other comprehensive income
Net gains arising from derecognition of debt
                                                                               46,269                               3,567
 investment at amortised cost(i)
Unrealised fair value changes of derivative financial
                                                                            9,003,658                         (7,426,886)
 instruments
Unrealised fair value changes of financial instruments
 at fair value through profit or loss                                      (8,694,589)                          4,678,762



Total                                                                         11,271,371                        10,159,587




(i) For the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group sold certain investment securities measured at




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
amortised cost. These sales were made because the financial assets no longer met the Group’s investment policy due to a
deterioration in their credit risk.




                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             281
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          7 Other income and gains


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2021                              2020



          Income from commodity sales                                                3,415,908                          1,206,870

          Government grants(i)                                                        270,709                            273,423

          Rental income                                                                 44,481                            69,746

          Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                      296                              1,455
          Excess of interest in the fair value of investee’s identifiable net
                                                                                             -                            60,073
            assets over investment costs of associates venture acquired
          Foreign exchange losses                                                    (282,024)                          (821,223)

          Others                                                                       139,261                            162,813



          Total                                                                      3,588,631                            953,157




          (i) The government grants were received unconditionally by the Company and its subsidiaries from the local government
          where they reside.



          8 Fee and commission expenses


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2021                              2020



          Expenses for securities brokerage and
                                                                                     3,401,888                          2,922,867
            advisory business
          Expenses for futures brokerage business                                     1,051,770                           857,101

          Expenses for asset management business                                       983,217                           936,597

          Expenses for underwriting and sponsorship business                           213,002                            128,992

          Expenses for financial advisory business                                       1,484                              1,462

          Other commission expenses                                                      1,348                             2,303



          Total                                                                      5,652,709                          4,849,322




282
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
9 Interest expenses


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2021                                   2020



Interest expenses on long-term bonds                                              4,450,296                                2,912,479
Interest expenses on financial assets
                                                                                   2,922,914                               2,863,130
  sold under repurchase agreements
Interest expenses on placements                                                   1,788,534                                 737,949
Interest expenses on short-term
                                                                                    865,817                                 903,219


                                                                                                                                                About Us
  debt instruments issued
Interest expenses of accounts payable to
                                                                                   664,432                                  528,517
  brokerage clients
Interest expenses on short-term bank loans                                          114,595                                 230,169

Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                               48,242                                  39,470

Interest expenses on long-term bank loans                                            22,956                                  34,295

Others                                                                               112,589                                109,475



Total                                                                            10,990,375                               8,358,703




                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
10 Staff costs


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                    Note                                 2021                                 2020



Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                     9,371,929                             8,225,010

Contribution to pension schemes                                                       960,397                               863,813




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Equity-settled share-based payment expenses          62                               243,690                               654,134

Other social welfare                                                                   781,178                              660,692



Total                                                                                11,357,194                           10,403,649




The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in social welfare plans, including pension, medical, housing,
and other welfare benefits, organised and administered by the governmental authorities. The Group also operates a
Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme for all qualifying employees in Hong Kong under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Ordinance. According to the relevant regulations, the premiums and welfare benefits contributions that should be borne
by the Group are calculated on regular basis and paid to the labour and social welfare authorities. The contributions to the




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
social security plans are expensed as incurred.

The Group provides its full-time employees in Mainland China and certain countries or jurisdictions outside Mainland
China with relevant pension plans as required by the governments or by local labour laws, including the basic pension




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
plan in Mainland China, the Mandatory Provident Funds in Hong Kong and other statutory plans in certain countries outside
Mainland China. The Group did not have any forfeited contributions under these pension plans.

The Group also provides an enterprise annuity plan to employees in Mainland China. According to the plan, when an
employee resigns, part of the contributed amount may be returned to the Company’s enterprise annuity account based
on his/her actual working time. Such returned contributions had no impact on the level of annuity contributions for existing
employees. The Group did not utilise any of such forfeited contributions to reduce the existing level of contributions.




                                                                                                                                       283
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          11 Depreciation and amortisation on expenses


                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                            2021                   2020



          Amortisation of land-use rights and other intangible assets     477,161                523,708

          Depreciation of property and equipment                          851,616                709,705

             - Right-of-use assets                                       462,505                 374,309

             - Other property and equipment                                389,111               335,396
          Amortisation of leasehold improvements and
                                                                          88,859                   88,173
           long-term deferred expenses
          Depreciation of investment properties                            15,009                  19,798



          Total                                                         1,432,645                1,341,384




          12 Tax and surcharges


                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                            2021                   2020



          City maintenance and construction tax                           109,041                  97,179

          Education surcharges                                            79,544                  67,986

          Others                                                           51,310                 43,992



          Total                                                          239,895                  209,157




284
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
13 Other operating expenses


                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                         2021                    2020



Cost of commodity sales                                              3,424,414                 1,178,340

IT expenses                                                           1,398,190                597,426

Marketing, advertising and promotion expenses                         642,662                   428,571

Consulting fees                                                        396,277                 257,685

Stock exchange fees                                                   383,240                  280,004


                                                                                                                    About Us
Postal and communication expenses                                     263,386                   231,806

Products distribution expenses                                         130,332                 208,705

Securities investor protection funds                                   126,481                  102,376

Utilities                                                               53,575                  43,336

Auditors' remuneration                                                  12,823                   13,278

Rental expenses                                                         41,020                   77,792

Others                                                                1,190,417                1,346,311




                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Total                                                                8,062,817                4,765,630




                                                                                                                  and Strategies
14 Net provision for impairment loss on financial assets


                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                         2021                    2020



Reversal of impairment losses against cash and bank balances             (273)                  (9,749)

Provision for impairment losses against margin accounts receivable    446,060                 1,355,580




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Reversal of impairment losses against other receivables and
                                                                      (28,750)                (149,505)
  prepayments
(Reversal of) / provision for impairment losses against debt
                                                                      (12,906)                   21,355
  investment at amortised cost
Provision for impairment losses against financial assets at
                                                                        29,105                  63,220
  fair value through other comprehensive income
Provision for /(reversal of) impairment losses against
                                                                        80,513                  (18,138)
  financial assets held under resale agreements
Provision for impairment losses against accounts receivable            34,439                   43,445



Total                                                                  548,188                1,306,208




                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                           285
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          15 Income tax expense

          (a) Taxation in the consolidated income statements represents:


                                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2021                             2020



          Current income tax

              - Mainland China                                                               2,591,351                        2,728,349

              - Hong Kong                                                                     108,545                                 -

              - Overseas                                                                      147,852                           124,325



                                                                                            2,847,748                         2,852,674



          Adjustment in respect of prior years

              - Mainland China                                                                  7,302                           (3,460)

              - Hong Kong                                                                        8,919                                -

              - Overseas                                                                            -                                 -



                                                                                                16,221                          (3,460)



          Deferred tax

              Origination and reversal of temporary differences                             (192,300)                          (215,284)



          Total                                                                              2,671,669                        2,633,930




          (1) According to the PRC Corporate Income Tax (“CIT”) Law that took effect on 1 January 2008, the Company and the Group’s
          subsidiaries in the Mainland China are subject to CIT at the statutory tax rate of 25%.

          (2) Hong Kong profit tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits. The federal income
          tax of subsidiaries in the United States were provided at the rate of 21%, whereas the states’ income tax are charged at the
          applicable local tax rates.




          (b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rate:


                                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2021                             2020




          Profit before income tax                                                          16,272,562                        13,504,376



          Notional tax calculated using the PRC statutory tax rate                           4,068,141                        3,376,094

          Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                               421,300                           148,308

          Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                 (1,687,773)                         (844,011)

          Tax effect of unused tax losses not recognised                                       26,676                             21,523

          Effect of using the deductible tax losses for which no deferred tax
                                                                                             (12,400)                          (86,544)
            asset was recognised in previous period

          Effect of different tax rates of the subsidiaries                                  (153,277)                            19,327

          Adjustment for prior years                                                            16,221                          (3,460)

          Others                                                                               (7,219)                            2,693



          Actual income tax expense                                                          2,671,669                        2,633,930




286
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
16 Directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration

The remuneration of directors and supervisors who held office during the reporting period is as follows:



                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2021
                                             Salaries,    Contribution
                         Directors’   allowances and       to pension      Discretionary        Annuity   Share-based
Name                          fees    benefits in kind       schemes            bonuses           plan      payments     Total



Executive directors

  Zhang Wei                       -                422              38             1,349            176             -     1,985


                                                                                                                                           About Us
  Zhou Yi                         -               1,315             38             3,248            178          1,589   6,368

  Zhu Xuebo                       -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -



Non-executive
 directors
  Ding Feng(1)                    -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Chen Yongbing(1)                -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Ke Xiang(1)(2)                  -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Xu Qing(1)(3)



                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                  -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Hu Xiao(1)                      -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Wang Tao(1)                     -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Independent non-
  executive directors
  Chen Chuanming               240                   -               -                 -              -             -      240

  Liu Hongzhong(4)                -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Lee Chi Ming(5)               120                  -               -                 -              -             -       120

  Liu Yan                      240                   -               -                 -              -             -      240

  Chen Zhibin                  240                   -               -                 -              -             -      240




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
  Wang Jianwen(6)              240                   -               -                 -              -             -      240

  Au King Chi(7)                140                  -               -                 -              -             -       140



Supervisors

  Zhai Jun(8)                     -                 511             32             4,332            124             -    4,999

  Zhang Ming(1)                   -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Yu Lanying(1)                   -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Zhang Xiaohong(1)               -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Fan Chunyan(1)                  -                  -               -                 -              -             -        -

  Gu Chengzhong (9)               -               856               38             4,375            122             -     5,391

  Wang Ying                       -               856               38             2,920             95             -     3,909




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
  Wang Juan(10)                   -                532              38              450              84             -     1,104



Total                         1,220              4,492             222            16,674            779          1,589   24,976




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                  287
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                           Year ended 31 December 2020
                                                       Salaries,    Contribution
                                  Directors’   allowances and        to pension     Discretionary        Annuity   Share-based
          Name                         fees     benefits in kind       schemes           bonuses           plan      payments    Total



          Executive directors

            Zhang Wei                      -                 371              28              388            134             -     921

            Zhou Yi                        -                1,152             28             1,260           143             -   2,583

            Zhu Xuebo                      -                305               25              586            142             -    1,058



          Non-executive
           directors
            Ding Feng(1)                   -                   -               -                -              -             -       -

            Chen Yongbing(1)               -                   -               -                -              -             -       -

            Xu Qing(1)(3)                  -                   -               -                -              -             -       -

            Hu Xiao(1)                     -                   -               -                -              -             -       -

            Wang Tao(1)                    -                   -               -                -              -             -       -



          Independent non-
            executive directors
            Chen Chuanming              240                    -               -                -              -             -     240

            Liu Hongzhong(4)             120                   -               -                -              -             -     120

            Lee Chi Ming(5)             240                    -               -                -              -             -     240

            Liu Yan                     240                    -               -                -              -             -     240

            Chen Zhibin                 240                    -               -                -              -             -     240

            Wang Jianwen(6)              140                   -               -                -              -             -     140



          Supervisors

            Zhai Jun(8)                    -                848               51            2,670             98             -   3,667

            Zhang Ming(1)                  -                   -               -                -              -             -       -

            Yu Lanying(1)                  -                   -               -                -              -             -       -

            Zhang Xiaohong(1)              -                   -               -                -              -             -       -

            Fan Chunyan(1)                 -                   -               -                -              -             -       -

            Gu Chengzhong (9)              -                828               28             2,661            97             -    3,614

            Wang Ying                      -                 772              28             1,725            76             -    2,601



          Total                        1,220               4,276             188            9,290            690             -   15,664




          (1) The remunerations of these non-executive directors and supervisors of the Company were borne by its shareholders
          and other related parties including Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited, Jiangsu Communications Holding Company
          Limited, CMB Wealth Management Company Limited and Jiangsu Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.,etc. No allocation of the
          remunerations between these shareholders and the Group has been made during the reporting period.

          (2) Appointed as non-executive director on 8 February 2021.

          (3) Resigned as non-executive director on 8 February 2021.

          (4) Resigned as independent non-executive director on 19 June 2020.

          (5) Resigned as independent non-executive director on 22 June 2021.

          (6) Appointed as independent non-executive director on 18 June 2020.

          (7) Appointed as independent non-executive director on 22 June 2021.




288
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(8) Resigned as chairman of the supervisory board on 29 October 2021.

(9) Appointed as chairman of the supervisory board on 29 October 2021.

(10) Appointed as supervisor on 29 October 2021.

There were no amounts paid during the reporting period to the directors and supervisors in connection with their retirement
from employment or compensation for loss of office with the Company, or inducement to join. During the year, there was
no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor who had resigned waived or agreed to waive any remuneration.



17 Individuals with highest emoluments

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, none are directors or supervisors whose emoluments are disclosed in                    About Us
Note 16. The aggregate of the emoluments are as follows:



                                                                                 Year ended 31 December

                                                                                      2021                                2020



Salaries and allowances                                                              18,198                              14,764




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Discretionary bonuses                                                               42,830                               35,138

Employer’s contribution to pension schemes                                             458                                  462

Share-based payments                                                                56,525                               108,130




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Total                                                                                118,011                            158,494




The emoluments with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:



                                                                                 Year ended 31 December




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                                      2021                                2020

                                                                     Number of individuals                Number of individuals



HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                             -                                   -

HKD10,000,001 to HKD15,000,000                                                            -                                   -

HKD15,000,001 to HKD20,000,000                                                             1                                  2

HKD20,000,001 to HKD25,000,000                                                             1                                  -

Over HKD25,000,000                                                                        3                                   3



Total                                                                                     5                                   5




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
No emoluments are paid or payable to these individuals as retirement from employment or as an inducement to join or
upon joining the Company or as compensation for loss of office during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   289
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          18 Other comprehensive income


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                        Before tax                  Tax expense      Net of tax



          Net gain from debt investments at FVOCI                         (49,215)                       (3,896)        (53,111)

          Equity investments at FVOCI:
             - Net movement in fair value
                                                                        (504,393)                         122,805     (381,588)
                reserve (non-recycling)
          Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                        20,164                              -        20,164
          Share of other comprehensive
                                                                            51,482                              -        51,482
            income of associates and joint ventures
          Exchange differences on
            translation of financial statements in foreign currencies    (263,031)                              -     (263,031)



          Total                                                         (744,993)                         118,909    (626,084)




                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                        Before tax                   Tax expense     Net of tax



          Net gain from debt investments at FVOCI                           77,974                              -        77,974

          Equity investments at FVOCI:
            - Net movement in fair value
                                                                           248,725                        (58,771)      189,954
               reserve (non-recycling)
          Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                      (34,348)                              -      (34,348)
          Share of other comprehensive
                                                                          (55,583)                              -      (55,583)
            income of associates and joint ventures
          Exchange differences on
            translation of financial statements in foreign currencies      (717,314)                            -      (717,314)



          Total                                                          (480,546)                        (58,771)    (539,317)




290
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
19 Basic and diluted earnings per share

(1) Basic earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                          Note                        2021                           2020




                                                                                                                                       About Us
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
 shareholders of the Company (in RMB thousands)          19(1)(a)                13,249,590                      10,822,497


Weighted average number of ordinary shares
 (in thousands)                                          19(1)(b)                 8,985,942                       9,027,078


Basic earnings per share attributable to
 ordinary shareholders (in RMB per share)                                              1.47                            1.20




                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
(a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (in RMB thousands )




                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December

                                                                                      2021                           2020



Consolidated net profit attributable to equity
                                                                                 13,346,106                      10,822,497
 shareholders of the Company
Dividends declared under Restricted Share Incentive
                                                                                   (18,195)                              -
  Scheme of A Shares
Profit attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds
  holders of the Company (i)                                                       (78,321)                              -




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
 shareholders of the Company                                                     13,249,590                      10,822,497




(i) For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2021, RMB78
million (2020: Not applicable) attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds were deducted from profits attributable to
equity holders of the Company.

(b) Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands)




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December

                                                                                      2021                           2020




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
Number of ordinary shares as at 1 January                                         9,076,650                      9,076,650

Decrease in weighted average number of ordinary shares                            (90,708)                        (49,572)



Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                        8,985,942                       9,027,078




                                                                                                                              291
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Diluted earnings per share

          Diluted earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
          Company (diluted) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                     Note                              2021                                2020



          Consolidated net profit attributable to
           ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted)          19(2)(a)                        13,110,739                         10,744,913



          Weighted average number of ordinary
           shares outstanding (in thousands)                                                      8,985,942                           9,027,078



          Diluted earnings per share attributable to ordinary
            shareholders (in Renminbi per share)                                                        1.46                                 1.19




          (a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted) is calculated as follows:



                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                       2021                                2020



          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
                                                                                                  13,249,590                          10,822,497
           shareholders of the Company
          Diluted adjustments:
          Effect of conversion of convertible bonds from the
                                                                                                  (138,059)                            (77,584)
            associate of the Company(i)
          Assumed vesting of shares granted to employees
            of a subsidiary(ii)                                                                       (792)                                    -



          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
           shareholders of the Company (diluted)                                                   13,110,739                         10,744,913




          (i) Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. (“Bank of Jiangsu”), the associate of the Company issued convertible bonds in March 2019.
          Diluted earnings per share takes into account the potential dilutive impact on the Group’s share of profits of this associate
          due to the potential full conversion of bonds to shares.

          (ii) The dilutive effect is due to the stock options and restricted stock units issued by AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. .

          (iii) During 2021, the Company granted Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A shares to certain employees. Diluted earnings
          per share should take into account both the impact of the cash dividend of the current period distributed to the holders
          of restricted shares who are expected to reach the unlocking conditions and estimate number of restricted shares will be
          unlocked. After considering the abovementioned impacts, the Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme has an anti-diluted effect
          and excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2021. For the year ended 31
          December 2020, the Company had no potentially dilutive shares outstanding.




292
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
20 Property and equipment



                                           Motor        Electric       Furniture    Construction    Right-of-use
                           Buildings     vehicles    equipment       and fixtures    in progress          assets          Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2021        3,778,317     153,956       1,393,319        288,254          36,551        1,797,496     7,447,893

Additions                           -       1,640       394,584            66,158         141,329        425,077       1,028,788
Transfer during the year
                                    -           -            959            3,529        (81,821)               -       (77,333)


                                                                                                                                            About Us
   (Note 33(b))
Transfer in from
   investment                142,890            -               -               -              -                -       142,890
   properties(Note 21)
Disposals                           -     (4,394)       (77,825)          (9,425)              -        (167,983)     (259,627)
Transfer to investment
  properties (Note 21)       (10,758)           -               -               -              -                -       (10,758)



As at 31 December 2021      3,910,449      151,202       1,711,037        348,516         96,059       2,054,590       8,271,853




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Accumulated
 depreciation
As at 1 January 2021       (871,680)     (106,561)     (663,130)        (193,919)              -       (598,519)     (2,433,809)




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Charge for the year         (109,919)      (7,901)     (214,463)        (56,828)               -       (462,505)       (851,616)
Transfer in from
   investment properties     (38,154)           -               -               -              -                -       (38,154)
   (Note 21)
Disposals                           -       4,264         73,825            7,641              -         138,875        224,605
Transfer to investment
                                5,343           -               -               -              -                -         5,343
   properties (Note 21)



As at 31 December 2021     (1,014,410)   (110,198)    (803,768)         (243,106)              -        (922,149)    (3,093,631)




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2021     2,896,039       41,004       907,269           105,410         96,059         1,132,441     5,178,222




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   293
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                       Motor         Electric      Furniture      Construction    Right-of-use
                                     Buildings       vehicles     equipment      and fixtures      in progress          assets          Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2020        3,655,708         155,821      1,148,900        271,929           29,969         1,252,706     6,515,033

          Additions                           -          6,449        318,220           25,517           87,013         636,051      1,073,250
          Transfer during the year
                                            357              -          2,680           3,569          (80,431)               -       (73,825)
            (Note 33(b))
          Transfer in from
            investment properties       124,454              -              -                -               -                -       124,454
            (Note 21)
          Disposals                     (2,202)         (8,314)       (76,481)         (12,761)              -          (91,261)      (191,019)



          As at 31 December 2020       3,778,317       153,956       1,393,319        288,254            36,551       1,797,496     7,447,893



          Accumulated
           depreciation
          As at 1 January 2020        (742,695)       (106,512)      (541,368)       (172,641)               -        (283,701)     (1,846,917)

          Charge for the year         (103,792)         (8,115)      (193,600)       (29,889)                -        (374,309)     (709,705)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties     (25,618)              -              -                -               -                -       (25,618)
             (Note 21)
          Disposals                        425           8,066          71,838            8,611              -           59,491        148,431



          As at 31 December 2020      (871,680)       (106,561)      (663,130)       (193,919)               -        (598,519)    (2,433,809)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2020      2,906,637         47,395        730,189          94,335            36,551        1,198,977     5,014,084




          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, included in buildings, there is a carrying amount of RMB44.40 million and
          RMB6.56 million, respectively, for which the Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates.




294
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
21 Investment properties


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                2021                                        2020



Cost

As at 1 January                                                               644,786                                     769,459

Additions                                                                           -                                            -

Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                (142,890)                                    (124,454)



                                                                                                                                               About Us
Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                              10,758                                            -

Disposals                                                                           -                                        (219)



As at 31 December                                                             512,654                                     644,786



Accumulated depreciation

As at 1 January                                                              (231,901)                                   (237,823)

Charge for the year                                                          (15,009)                                     (19,798)

Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                             (5,343)                                            -



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                   38,154                                       25,618

Disposals                                                                           -                                           102




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
As at 31 December                                                           (214,099)                                     (231,901)



Impairment

As at 1 January                                                               (4,547)                                      (4,547)

Impairment losses for the year                                                      -                                            -



As at 31 December                                                             (4,547)                                      (4,547)




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Carrying amount                                                               294,008                                     408,338




As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, included in investment properties, there is a carrying amount of RMB5.19
million and RMB46.06 million, respectively, for which the Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                      295
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          22 Goodwill



          Cost

            As at 1 January 2021                                                                                                    2,260,945

            Acquisition through business combination                                                                                 633,975

            Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                                                    (58,491)



            As at 31 December 2021                                                                                                  2,836,429



          Impairment losses

            As at 1 January 2021                                                                                                           -

            Impairment losses                                                                                                              -



            As at 31 December 2021                                                                                                         -



          Carrying amounts

            As at 1 January 2021                                                                                                    2,260,945



            As at 31 December 2021                                                                                                  2,836,429




          The Group acquired the investment banking business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
          Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over
          the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the investment banking CGU.

          The Group acquired the futures brokerage business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
          Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (previously known as Great Wall Futures Co., Ltd.) in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair
          value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the
          futures brokerage CGU.

          The Group acquired the overseas asset management business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the
          interest in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. in 2016. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration
          transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the overseas asset management
          CGU.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. in April 2019. The
          Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets
          acquired as the addition goodwill of the overseas asset management CGU.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of WBI OBS Financial, Inc. in Feburary 2020. The Group
          recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets
          acquired as the addition goodwill of the overseas asset management CGU. In 2021, the Group adjusts its organizational
          structrure. AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.'s subsidiary, AssetMark, Inc., merged WBI OBS Financial, LLC. Considering this is a
          combination under the same control, the goodwill remains unchanged.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Voyant, Inc. in July 2021. The Group recognised the excess of
          fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the addition goodwill
          of the overseas asset management CGU.




296
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Impairment testing on goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGU”) identified according to operating segment as follows:



                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                              2021                                     2020




Investment banking                                                           51,090                                    51,090

Futures brokerage                                                              252                                         252

Overseas asset management                                                 2,785,087                                 2,209,603


                                                                                                                                          About Us
Total                                                                     2,836,429                                 2,260,945




For the investment banking and futures brokerage CGU, the cash flows generated from each subsidiary acquired are
independent. Therefore, each of these acquired subsidiaries is a separate CGU. For the overseas asset management
CGU, the Group considered that the primary business of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. acquired in 2019, WBI OBS
Financial, Inc. acquired in 2020 and Voyant, Inc. acquired in 2021 are the same as AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., and



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
they can bring synergies to overseas asset management business. The Group assessed that there was only one CGU within
AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.. The Group performed the impairment test for the goodwill generated from each CGU.




                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
(1) Investment banking and futures brokerage CGU

The recoverable amounts of each CGU are determined based on value-in-use calculations, respectively. These calculations
use cash flow projections with reference to financial budgets approved by management covering certain period. Cash-
flows beyond the certain period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth rate, which does not
exceed the long-term average growth rate. As at 31 December 2021, the discount rate used by the investment banking
and futures brokerage CGUs were 20% and 18%, respectively (20% and 18%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020), and the
weighted average growth rate were 5% and 6.6%, respectively (5% and 6.6%, respectively, as at 31 December 2020). The




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
discount rate and weighted average growth rate reflected the risks and growth expectations of the relevant CGUs. Other
major assumptions for the recoverable amount estimation relate to the estimation of cash inflows / outflows which include
budgeted income and profit margins. Such estimation is based on the CGU’s past performance and management’s
expectations for the market development.


(2) Overseas asset management CGU

The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on fair value less costs of disposal based on the stock
price of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. in New York Stock Exchange as at 31 December 2021.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group performed its annual goodwill impairment test. No impairments were recognised for the




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
goodwill related to investment banking CGU, futures brokerage CGU and overseas asset management CGU. The Group
believes that appropriate assumptions have been made based on available information. The key assumptions based on
the cash flow projections of the asset groups may change, which may cause the recoverable amounts to be over or below
its book value.




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 297
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          23 Land-use rights and other intangible assets


                                                                                   Enterprise
                                                                 Existing         distribution
                                             Land      relationships with   channel customer                       Software
                                        use rights        broker-dealers        relationships    Trade names     and others          Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2021             362,281              3,738,930                    -        300,370      2,846,622     7,248,203

          Acquisition of subsidiaries             -                     -              207,716         20,707        167,596       396,019

          Additions                      1,406,049                      -                    -              -       324,973       1,731,022

          Disposals                               -                     -                    -              -        (1,667)        (1,667)

          Exchange differences                    -             (102,733)              (5,707)        (8,253)      (39,037)      (155,730)



          As at 31 December 2021         1,768,330              3,636,197              202,009        312,824      3,298,487     9,217,847



          Accumulated amortisation

          As at 1 January 2021            (92,622)                      -                    -        (87,012)   (1,792,500)    (1,972,134)

          Charge for the year             (24,492)                      -                    -       (46,907)     (405,762)       (477,161)

          Disposals                               -                     -                    -              -          1,666         1,666

          Exchange differences                    -                     -                    -          2,457         17,998        20,455



          As at 31 December 2021           (117,114)                    -                    -       (131,462)   (2,178,598)    (2,427,174)




          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2021          1,651,216             3,636,197              202,009         181,362      1,119,889    6,790,673




298
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                            Existing
                                        Land      relationships with                               Software
                                   use rights        broker-dealers       Trade names            and others                 Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2020                  362,281              3,979,783             319,719           2,530,698              7,192,481

Acquisition of subsidiaries                 -                      -                  -              66,563                66,563

Additions                                   -                      -                  -              326,147               326,147

Disposals                                   -                      -                  -                 (94)                  (94)

Exchange differences                        -              (240,853)            (19,349)            (76,692)            (336,894)




                                                                                                                                               About Us
As at 31 December 2020                362,281              3,738,930            300,370            2,846,622            7,248,203



Accumulated amortisation

As at 1 January 2020                 (85,362)                      -           (53,653)           (1,342,009)           (1,481,024)

Charge for the year                   (7,260)                      -           (36,645)            (479,803)            (523,708)

Disposals                                   -                      -                  -                   94                    94

Exchange differences                        -                      -              3,286               29,218               32,504




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
As at 31 December 2020               (92,622)                      -            (87,012)          (1,792,500)           (1,972,134)




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2020                269,659              3,738,930            213,358             1,054,122           5,276,069




Existing relationships with brokers-dealers and enterprise distribution channel customer are regarded as having an
indefinite useful life and are not amortised because there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is
expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
As at 31 December 2021, the Group performed its impairment test on the relationships with brokers-dealers based on
the judgment of whether the recoverable amounts of the above individual intangible assets can be reliably estimated.
The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use calculation. The Group uses cash flow projections with
reference to Assetmark Financial Holdings, Inc.’s financial budget approved by management covering a 9-year period and
the discount rate of 15.6%. The current rate has reflected the specific risks of the underlying assets. The cash flows for the
years beyond the financial budget are estimated at the long-term average growth rate of 3.5%.

As at 31 December 2021, the Group performed its impairment test on the Enterprise distribution channel customer
relationships based on the judgment of whether the recoverable amounts of the above individual intangible assets can be
reliably estimated. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use calculation. The Group uses cash flow
projections with reference to Voyant, Inc.’s financial budget approved by management covering a 10 year period and the
discount rate of 14.5%. The current rate has reflected the specific risks of the underlying assets. The cash flows for the years



                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
beyond the financial budget are estimated at the long-term average growth rate of 2.5%.

Based on management’s impairment assessment of the Group, no impairment loss was recognised for the year ended 31




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
December 2021 (31 December 2020: Nil).




                                                                                                                                      299
300



      24 Investments in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                          HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) Details of principal subsidiaries

      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of shares hold is
      ordinary, and the issued and fully paid-up capital is expressed in Renminbi Yuan:


                                                                    Place and date of        Issued and      Equity interest held
                                                                       Incorporation /     fully paid-up      by the Company                                                  Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                     establishment and business              capital    as at 31 December                  Principal activity             GAAP
                                                                                                                 2021                2020                                     2021                2020



                                                                                  PRC               RMB                                               Investment          KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. (4)                                                                   99.92%               99.92%
                                                                     5 September 1997        997,480,000                                                 banking          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                    PRC              RMB                                                  Futures         KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (4)                                                                             60.00%               60.00%
                                                                           10 July 1995     1,609,000,000                                              brokerage          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                   PRC              RMB                                                    Equity         KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. (4)                                                              100.00%              100.00%
                                                                        12 August 2008     5,200,000,000                                              investment          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                                                                                        Securities
                                                                           Hong Kong                HKD                                                                      KPMG                 KPMG
      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited(2)                                                         100.00%              100.00%           and futures
                                                                    23 November 2006       8,800,000,000                                                                    HKFRSs               HKFRSs
                                                                                                                                                       brokerage


                                                                            Hong Kong                HKD                                                  Holding            KPMG                 KPMG
      Huatai International Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                        100.00%              100.00%
                                                                            5 April 2017   10,200,000,002                                               company             HKFRSs               HKFRSs


                                                                                 PRC                RMB                                                Alternative        KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
      Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd. (4)                                                               100.00%              100.00%
                                                                     21 November 2013      2,300,000,000                                              investment          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


      Huatai Securities (Shanghai)                                                PRC               RMB                                                  Asset            KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
                                                                                                               100.00%              100.00%
       Assets Management Co., Ltd. (4)                                 16 October 2014     2,600,000,000                                           management             PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


      Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Equity Management                                   PRC                 RMB                                                   Equity         KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
                                                                                                                31.00%               31.00%
       (Limited Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                              28 September 2014                  -                                              investment          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


      Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment                             PRC               RMB                                                   Equity         KPMG PRC            KPMG PRC
                                                                                                               45.00%               45.00%
       (Limited Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                      1 June 2015       276,615,840                                             investment          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP
                                                                               Place and date of       Issued and     Equity interest held
                                                                                  Incorporation /    fully paid-up     by the Company                                                 Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                                establishment and business             capital   as at 31 December                  Principal activity            GAAP
                                                                                                                          2021                2020                                    2021            2020

                                                         (2)(3)(5)                            PRC              RMB                                                  Equity        KPMG PRC         KPMG PRC
      Yili Suxin Investment Fund (Limited Partnership)                                                                  24.73%               24.73%
                                                                                  19 February 2016    1,810,000,000                                            investment         PRC GAAP         PRC GAAP


                                                                                               US              USD                                                                KPMG LLP         KPMG LLP
      AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.(2)                                                                              69.16%              70.27%    Asset management
                                                                                   1 January 1996            73,563                                                               US GAAP          US GAAP


                                                                                                                                                       Spread trading and
                                                                                            PRC               RMB                                                                 KPMG PRC         KPMG PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Capital Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                             100.00%               100.00%   commodity warrant
                                                                                 6 December 2013       650,000,000                                                                PRC GAAP         PRC GAAP
                                                                                                                                                                   trading


                                                                                             PRC              RMB                                             Investment          KPMG PRC         KPMG PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Investment Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                          100.00%               100.00%
                                                                                    3 August 2017      550,000,000                                          management            PRC GAAP         PRC GAAP




301
                                        Financial Report and                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                                           Corporate Governance                                                        About Us                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                             and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (1) Auditors of the respective subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

          - KPMG PRC represents KPMG Huazhen LLP, a firm of certified public accountants registered in PRC;

          - KPMG represents KPMG in Hong Kong, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Hong Kong; and

          - KPMG LLP represents KPMG in the United States, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United States.

          (2) These subsidiaries are indirectly controlled by the Company.

          (3) As at 31 December 2021, the Company indirectly held less than 50% of the equity of Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Equity
          Management (Limited Partnership), Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited Partnership) and Yili Suxin
          Investment Fund (Limited Partnership). According to the articles of partnership agreement, the Company has the power to
          control these funds and has the ability to use the power to affect the Company's variable return amount. Therefore, they
          are included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements.

          (4) Company with limited liability in Mainland China.

          (5) Limited partnership in Mainland China.


          (b) Partially-owned subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests

          The following tables list out the information relating to Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. and AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., the
          subsidiaries of the Group which have material non-controlling interest (“NCI”). The summarised financial information
          presented below represents the amounts before any inter-company elimination:



                                                            Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                  AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.
                                                                  2021                       2020                2021                           2020



          NCI percentage                                           40%                         40%             30.84%                          29.73%

          Assets                                             52,230,734                 42,842,627           8,926,805                      7,983,789

          Liabilities                                       (48,889,111)               (39,867,604)        (2,552,832)                     (2,078,279)

          Net assets                                          3,341,623                   2,975,023          6,373,973                      5,905,510

          Carrying amount of NCI                              1,336,649                   1,189,665           1,965,733                      1,755,703



          Revenue                                             4,037,439                   2,232,482          2,438,905                      3,003,554

          Profit / (loss) for the year                         367,502                     220,572              310,176                     (355,513)

          Other comprehensive income                             (1,081)                    (3,613)                  -                              -

          Total comprehensive income                            366,421                    216,959              310,176                     (355,513)

          Profit / (loss) allocated to NCI                      146,569                     88,229              95,658                       (106,361)

          Dividend paid to NCI                                        -                          -                   -                              -



          Cash flows from operating activities                2,937,683                  10,104,878            832,095                       534,889

          Cash flows from investing activities                 (261,122)                   359,050         (1,038,588)                       (347,361)

          Cash flows from financing activities                 (41,002)                    (46,819)            258,673                      (352,429)




302
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(c) Acquisition of subsidiary

Voyant, Inc.

In 2021, the Company’s subsidiary AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity
interests of Voyant, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Voyant, Inc. and its subsidiaries are Software-as-a-Service-based financial
planning, wellness and client digital engagement solutions companies that was originally formed in Texas on 29 December
2005 and was converted to a Delaware corporation on 21 November 2008. The Company closed the acquisition and paid
a final purchase price of USD157.10 million (RMB1,016.56 million) with USD132.19 million (RMB855.37 million) cash on hand and
the remaining USD24.91 million (RMB161.19 million) consideration is paid using 994,028 shares of AssetMark Financial Holdings,
Inc.. The equity interest held by the Group is 100% after the acquisition in 2021 July. The Group recognised the excess of the

                                                                                                                                                      About Us
consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill.

The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Voyant, Inc. as at the date of acquisition were as follows:


                                                                                                                  Fair value recognised
                                                                                                                        as at the date of
                                                                                                                              acquisition



Cash and bank balances                                                                                                             51,939




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Land-use rights and other intangible assets                                                                                       396,019

Other receivables and prepayments                                                                                                  18,737




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Other payables and accruals                                                                                                      (13,006)

Deferred tax liability                                                                                                            (71,102)



Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                      382,587



Goodwill arising from acquisition                                                                                                633,975



Consideration transferred                                                                                                        1,016,562




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Less: fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                         (382,587)



Carrying amount of goodwill                                                                                                      633,975




Goodwill arose from the acquisition because the cost of the acquisition included a control premium. In addition, the
consideration paid for the acquisition effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue
growth, and future market development. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not
meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
Since the acquisition, Voyant, Inc. contributed RMB44.54 million to the Group’s revenue and RMB6.65 million losses to the
consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2021.




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                             303
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          25 Interest in associates


                                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                                 2021                                          2020



          Share of net assets                                                              18,269,459                                       17,691,161




          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group has pledged the shares of interest in associates with a total book
          value of RMB4,133 million and nil to China Securities Finance Corporation Limited (“CSF”) for the purpose of replacement,
          respectively.

          The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which (except that Bank of Jiangsu has been
          listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange) are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available:



                                                                                       Proportion of ownership interest
                                                Registered   Registered    Group’s effective            Held by the        Held by a      Principal
          Name of associate                          place      capital             interest             Company          subsidiary       activity


                                                                                                                                        Commercial
          Bank of Jiangsu(i)                       Nanjing    14,769,628               5.63%                  5.63%                -
                                                                                                                                           banking


          China Southern Asset Management                                                                                                    Fund
                                                 Shenzhen        361,720               41.16%                 41.16%               -
           Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                   management


          Nanjing Huatai Ruilian NO.1 Funds                                                                                                   Equity
                                                   Nanjing    5,442,000               48.27%                      -           48.27%
           Mergers (Limited Partnership) (ii)                                                                                            investment




          All the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

          (i) For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has appointed one director in the board of directors of Bank of
          Jiangsu. The Company formulated certain specific implementation measures on the finance and operation policy-making
          of Bank of Jiangsu that had a significant influence over it. As of 31 December 2021, Bank of Jiangsu has converted 95,112
          shares convertible bonds, accounting for 0.0008% of the total number of ordinary shares issued by Bank of Jiangsu before
          the conversion. The equity ratio of Bank of Jiangsu held by the Company was changed from 5.63319% to 5.63318%.

          (ii) As at 31 December 2021, the Group holds 48.27% equity interest of Nanjing Huatai Ruilian No.1 Funds Mergers (Limited
          Partnership) (“No.1 Funds Mergers”). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group is the co-manager of the
          fund, which has a significant influence over the fund. Therefore, it is accounted as an associate of the Group.




304
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Summarised financial information of Bank of Jiangsu, China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. and NO. 1 Funds Mergers
which are individually significant associates to the Group, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated
financial statements, are disclosed below:

Bank of Jiangsu



                                                                                    2021                            2020



Gross amounts of the associate

Assets                                                                      2,618,390,000                   2,337,893,000



                                                                                                                                      About Us
Liabilities                                                                (2,421,256,731)                 (2,155,755,443)

Net assets                                                                    197,133,269                      182,137,557

Revenue                                                                        63,771,000                     52,026,000

Profit for the year                                                           20,558,735                        15,522,021

Other comprehensive income                                                       965,864                        (372,384)

Total comprehensive income                                                     21,524,599                       15,149,637

Dividend received from the associate                                              262,912                         177,920




                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate:
Net assets of the associate attributable to
                                                                              149,464,135                      135,275,105
 the parent company




                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
The Group’s effective interest                                                     5.63%                            5.63%

The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                               8,387,646                        7,588,140



Carrying amount in the consolidated
                                                                               8,387,646                        7,588,140
 financial statements




China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                    2021                            2020



Gross amounts of the associate

Assets                                                                         14,159,044                      12,009,246

Liabilities                                                                   (5,502,501)                      (4,168,198)

Net assets                                                                     8,656,543                        7,841,048

Revenue                                                                         7,606,612                       5,629,639

Profit for the year                                                             2,162,975                        1,484,107

Other comprehensive income                                                       (10,689)                        (24,743)

Total comprehensive income                                                      2,152,286                       1,459,364




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
Dividend received from the associate                                             530,548                          277,864



Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate:




                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company                   8,417,301                      7,625,332

The Group’s effective interest                                                     41.16%                           41.16%

The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                3,464,561                        3,138,587



Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                        3,464,561                        3,138,587




                                                                                                                             305
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          NO.1 Funds Mergers



                                                                                        2021       2020



          Gross amounts of the associate

          Assets                                                                    5,870,306    8,561,102

          Liabilities                                                                 (4,282)           -

          Net assets                                                                5,866,024    8,561,102

          Revenue                                                                    270,252    3,227,169

          Profit for the year                                                         340,154   3,133,644

          Other comprehensive income                                                       -            -

          Total comprehensive income                                                  340,154   3,133,644

          Dividend received from the associate                                        74,479      45,506



          Reconciled to the Group’s interest in the associate:

          Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company            5,866,024    8,561,102

          The Group’s effective interest                                              48.27%      48.27%

          The Group’s share of net assets of the associate                          2,831,530    4,132,152

          Other adjustment                                                          (141,442)    (100,201)



          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                  2,690,088    4,031,951




          Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:



                                                                                        2021       2020


          Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
           consolidated financial statements                                        3,727,164   2,932,483



          Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of those associates’ gains           668,310   1,249,837

          Other comprehensive income                                                       -        (502)



          Total comprehensive income                                                  668,310   1,249,335




306
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
26 Interest in joint ventures


                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                            2021                                2020



Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair
                                                                                                         823,289                              888,195
 value through profit or loss (i)
Unlisted investment in a joint venture                                                                   925,776                               753,651



Total                                                                                                   1,749,065                            1,641,846


                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
(i) The Group elected to measure its investment in Huatai International Greater Bay Area Investment Fund, L.P. of RMB823.29
million held through Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, a directly wholly-owned subsidiary, at fair value through
profit or loss as management measured the performance of this joint venture on a fair value basis as at 31 December 2021.

The following list contains only the particulars of unlisted joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in
the consolidated financial statements is as follow:




                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Proportion of ownership interest
                                                 Registered   Registered    Group’s effective          Held by the             Held by a    Principal




                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
Name of joint venture                                 place      capital             interest           Company               subsidiary     activity


Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu)
 Capital Market Investment Fund                                                                                                                 Equity
 of Funds (Limited Partnership) (i)                 Nanjing    10,001,000              10.00%                       -             10.00%   investment




(i) As at 31 December 2021, the Group held 10.00% equity interest of Huatai Merchant (Jiangsu) Capital Market Investment
Fund of Funds (Limited Partnership). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group and the third party




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
contractually agree to share control of the fund and have rights to the net assets of the fund. The directors of the Group
consider the fund is jointly controlled by the Group and the third party, and it is therefore accounted for as joint venture of
the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                         307
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          27 Debt investment at amortised cost

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2021                              2020



          Debt securities                                                                      25,302,591                         19,244,156

          Less: impairment losses                                                                (2,925)                            (13,496)



          Total                                                                               25,299,666                          19,230,660



          Analysed as:



          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                             10,987,272                         6,342,628

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                123,799                            189,025

          Unlisted                                                                             14,188,595                         12,699,007




          Total                                                                               25,299,666                          19,230,660




          Current



                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2021                              2020



          Debt securities                                                                       7,134,040                          11,195,920

          Less: impairment losses                                                                (12,190)                           (15,072)



          Total                                                                                 7,121,850                          11,180,848



          Analysed as:



          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              3,904,501                         3,699,647

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                      -                              19,356

          Unlisted                                                                              3,217,349                          7,461,845



          Total                                                                                 7,121,850                          11,180,848




          As at 31 December 2021, the Group has pledged debt investment at amortised cost with a total fair value of RMB25,841
          million and carrying amount of RMB25,565 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business (as at 31 December
          2020: a total fair value of RMB25,218 million and carrying amount of RMB25,167 million). The fair value of these securities have
          taken into account the relevant features including the restrictions.




308
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(b) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                       2021                   2020



At the beginning of the year                                         28,568                     7,213

Charge for the year                                                  65,042                   31,922

Reversal of impairment                                              (77,948)                (10,567)

Written-off                                                            (547)                        -



At the end of the year                                                 15,115                28,568
                                                                                                                  About Us



28 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income

(a) Analysed by nature:

Non-current



                                                                      As at 31 December                        Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                and Strategies
                                                                       2021                   2020



Equity investment

Equity securities designated at FVOCI

 - Unlisted equity securities                                        163,138                 190,143

 - Other unlisted equity investment                                        -              10,488,274



                                                                     163,138              10,678,417




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
Debt investment

Debt securities                                                    4,576,580              3,253,698

Loan and advances                                                   280,704                 468,991




Total                                                              5,020,422               14,401,106



Analysed as:



Unlisted                                                           2,716,726                11,180,101




                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Listed inside Hong Kong                                             1,346,510              2,319,766

Listed outside Hong Kong                                             957,186                901,239




                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Total                                                              5,020,422               14,401,106




                                                                                                         309
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Current



                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2021                            2020



          Debt investment

          Debt securities                                                                      3,828,594                         1,137,014

          Loan and advances                                                                      628,821                         408,252



          Total                                                                                4,457,415                        1,545,266



          Analysed as:



          Unlisted                                                                               661,390                         474,435

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                               858,805                         604,646

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                             2,937,220                         466,185



          Total                                                                                4,457,415                        1,545,266




          For the period ended 31 December 2021, the Group disposed some of the financial assets at fair value through other
          comprehensive income, as a result of adjustments in its strategy. The accumulated net realised loss of the financial asset
          disposed of was RMB443 thousand (for the period ended 31 December 2020: nil).

          As at 31 December 2021, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income with
          a total fair value of RMB3,396 million to CSF for the purpose of replacement (as at 31 December 2020: nil). The fair value of
          these securities have taken into account the relevant features including the restrictions.

          As at 31 December 2021, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income with a
          total fair value of RMB2,408 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business (as at 31 December 2020: nil). The fair
          values of these securities have taken into account the relevant features including the restrictions.




310
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021
29 Financial assets held under resale agreements

(a) Analysed by collateral type:

Current



                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                        2021                  2020



Debt securities                                                    6,489,324              13,883,007


                                                                                                                 About Us
Equity securities                                                  6,381,423               6,692,818

Less: impairment losses                                            (1,118,777)            (1,039,412)



Total                                                              11,751,970             19,536,413




(b) Analysed by market:

Current


                                                                                                              Operating Analysis


                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                        2021                  2020



Inter-bank market                                                  2,807,218                840,974

Shenzhen stock exchange                                            5,079,673               8,716,535

Shanghai stock exchange                                             2,311,925              10,616,150

Others                                                              2,671,931               402,166

Less: impairment losses                                            (1,118,777)            (1,039,412)




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Total                                                              11,751,970             19,536,413




(c) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                        2021                  2020



At the beginning of the year                                        1,039,412              1,057,550




                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Charge for the year                                                 296,954                 268,519

Reversal of impairment                                             (216,441)              (286,657)

Written-off                                                           (1,148)                      -




                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
At the end of the year                                               1,118,777             1,039,412




                                                                                                        311
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (d) Analysed by remaining contractual maturities of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                           2021                       2020



          Within 1 month                                                             1,357,437                     1,631,622

          1 to 3 months                                                              836,464                       688,997

          3 months to 1 year                                                        4,187,522                      4,372,199

          Less: impairment losses                                                  (1,069,179)                   (1,039,412)



          Total                                                                     5,312,244                     5,653,406




          (e) Analysed by the stage of ECL of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                 As at 31 December 2021
                                                          Lifetime ECL-not                   Lifetime ECL-
                                        12-month ECL       credit impaired                 credit impaired           Total



          Amortised cost                    5,250,484                    -                          1,130,939     6,381,423

          Impairment losses                  (12,440)                    -                        (1,056,739)    (1,069,179)



          Carrying amount                   5,238,044                    -                            74,200      5,312,244



          Collateral                       20,081,029                    -                           786,652     20,867,681




                                                                As at 31 December 2020
                                                          Lifetime ECL-not                    Lifetime ECL-
                                        12-month ECL       credit impaired                 credit impaired            Total



          Amortised cost                    5,047,694                13,510                          1,631,614    6,692,818

          Impairment losses                   (11,996)                (135)                        (1,027,281)   (1,039,412)



          Carrying amount                   5,035,698                13,375                          604,333      5,653,406



          Collateral                        16,323,423               17,414                        2,039,804      18,380,641




312
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
30 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Non-current

(a) Analysed by type:



                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2021                     2020



Equity securities                                            6,487,136                6,019,789



                                                                                                             About Us
Debt securities                                                219,793                 355,484

Funds                                                          177,098                  39,988

Wealth management products                                     96,888                    60,123

Loan and advances                                            2,915,424                2,754,139



Total                                                        9,896,339                9,229,523




(b) Analysed as:


                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2021                     2020



Listed outside Hong Kong                                       822,231                1,358,266

Unlisted                                                     9,074,108                 7,871,257



Total                                                        9,896,339                9,229,523




                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Current

(a) Analysed by type:



                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2021                     2020



Equity securities                                          115,635,048               57,688,801

Debt securities                                            160,377,098               187,981,318

Funds                                                      49,457,647               24,369,887




                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Wealth management products                                   19,197,235                11,241,881

Loan and advances                                             695,805                 1,295,702




                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Total                                                      345,362,833              282,577,589




                                                                                                    313
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Analysed as:



                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2021                               2020



          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              162,578,038                        138,088,905

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                               35,365,407                          18,995,576

          Unlisted                                                                              147,419,388                         125,493,108



          Total                                                                                345,362,833                         282,577,589




          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the fund investments with lock-up periods in its investment portfolio held
          by the Group are RMB177 million and RMB55 million, respectively. The fair value of these funds have taken into account the
          relevant features including the restrictions.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the listed equity securities held by the Group included approximately
          RMB3,967 million and RMB2,447 million of restricted shares, respectively. The restricted shares are listed in the PRC with a
          legally enforceable restriction on these securities that prevents the Group to dispose of within the specified period. The fair
          value of these securities have taken into account the relevant features including the restrictions.

          The equity interest in unlisted securities held by the Group are issued by private companies. The value of the securities is
          measured by comparing with comparable companies that are listed and in the same sector or measured by using other
          valuation techniques.

          Non-current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments are expected to be realised or restricted for
          sale beyond one year from the end of the respective reporting periods. The fair value of the Group’s investments in unlisted
          funds, which mainly invest in publicly traded equities listed in the PRC, are valued based on the net asset values of the funds
          calculated by the respective fund managers by reference to their underlying assets and liabilities’ fair values.

          The fair value of the Group’s investments in equity securities without restriction, exchange-listed funds and debt securities
          are determined with reference to their quoted prices as at reporting date.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group has entered into securities lending arrangement with clients that
          resulted in the transfer of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments with total fair value of RMB5,156
          million and RMB5,426 million to external clients, respectively, which did not result in derecognition of the financial assets. The
          fair value of collaterals for the securities lending business is analysed in Note 36(c) together with the fair value of collaterals
          of margin financing business.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or
          loss investments with a total fair value of RMB856 million and RMB1,890 million to CSF for the purpose of replacement,
          respectively. The fair value of these securities have taken into account the relevant features including the restrictions.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
          investments with a total fair value of RMB110,282 million and RMB113,003 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement
          business, bond lending business and derivative business, respectively. The fair values of these securities have taken into
          account the relevant features including the restrictions.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the wealth management products held by the Group included
          approximately RMB105 million and RMB233 million of restricted products, respectively. The restricted products are subscribed
          by the Group as the fund manager with a legally enforceable restriction on these products that prevents the Group to
          dispose of within the specified period.




314
                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
31 Refundable deposits


                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                       2021                  2020



Deposits with stock exchanges

 - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited     954,971                1,197,346

 - Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited                            1,226                      -

 - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                     60,334                 44,638



                                                                                                                About Us
 - Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                            1,495                   926



                                                                   1,018,026               1,242,910



Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges

 - China Financial Futures Exchange                                12,116,762            10,042,875

 - Shanghai Futures Exchange                                      3,523,566               2,352,019

 - Dalian Commodity Exchange                                      2,955,805               2,737,945

 - Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                                     2,210,118             1,685,852



                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
 - Shanghai International Energy Exchange                           503,373                386,069

 - Overseas commodity exchange                                       34,945                  50,918




                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                  21,344,569             17,255,678



Deposits with other institutions

 - China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                    1,626,444             4,784,580

 - Shanghai Clearing House                                          456,280                 360,142

 - Shanghai Gold Exchange                                               400                    400

 - Others financial institutions                                    3,181,410              1,120,080




                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                  5,264,534              6,265,202




Total                                                             27,627,129             24,763,790




                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                       315
316



      32 Deferred taxation
                                                                                                                                                                                         HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) The components of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and the movements during
      the year are as follows:


                                                                            Changes              Changes                Changes
                                                                      in fair value of     in fair value of       in fair value of         Intangible
                                     Provision for   Employee                financial          derivative               financial             assets
                                     impairment       benefits           instruments              financial          instruments       recognised in
      Deferred tax arising from:           losses     payable      measured at FVTPL          instruments     measured at FVOCI       the acquisition         Others           Total



      As at 1 January 2021                857,752     1,782,677            (1,283,850)              181,924               (153,312)        (1,174,738)    (2,416,598)     (2,206,145)



      Recognised in profit or loss         123,894      28,356                  102,227             58,455                       -             64,722       (185,354)        192,300

      Acquisition of subsidiary                  -            -                       -                   -                      -            (71,102)               -       (71,102)

      Recognised in reserves                 (155)            -                       -                   -                119,064                   -           1,528       120,437



      As at 31 December 2021               981,491     1,811,033             (1,181,623)           240,379                (34,248)          (1,181,118)   (2,600,424)     (1,964,510)




      As at 1 January 2020                548,666     1,648,863             (1,232,786)            (78,052)                (94,541)         (1,250,141)    (1,905,984)    (2,363,975)



      Recognised in profit or loss        309,086       133,814                (51,064)            259,976                       -             75,403         (511,931)       215,284

      Acquisition of subsidiaries                -            -                       -                   -                      -                   -            1,317          1,317

      Recognised in reserves                     -            -                       -                   -                (58,771)                  -               -       (58,771)



      As at 31 December 2020               857,752     1,782,677            (1,283,850)             181,924               (153,312)         (1,174,738)    (2,416,598)    (2,206,145)
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(b) Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                          2021                              2020



Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
                                                                                       654,651                            339,502
 statement of financial position
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
                                                                                     (2,619,161)                       (2,545,647)
 statement of financial position




                                                                                                                                              About Us
Total                                                                               (1,964,510)                        (2,206,145)




(c) Deferred tax assets not recognised

As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(19)(ii), the Group
has not recognised unused tax losses of RMB935 million and RMB878 million, respectively, as deferred tax assets, as it is not
probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction
and entity. Most of the tax losses will not expire under current tax legislation.



33 Other non-current assets                                                                                                                Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                          2021                              2020



Leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses                                 282,227                            283,320




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
(b) The movements of leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses are as below:


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                          2021                              2020



At the beginning of the year                                                           283,320                            260,669

Additions                                                                                41,363                            36,999

Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                                        77,333                            73,825




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Amortisation                                                                          (88,859)                            (88,173)

Other decrease                                                                        (30,930)                                  -



At the end of the year                                                                 282,227                            283,320




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                     317
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          34 Accounts receivable

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2021                                2020



          Accounts receivable of:

            - Return swap and OTC options                                                      5,988,041                         4,385,953

            - Fee and commission                                                               1,859,488                           910,563

            - Redemption of open-ended fund                                                    1,007,777                           940,017

            - Brokers, dealers and clearing house                                                991,861                         2,564,670

            - Settlement                                                                        444,084                             168,810

            - Subscription receivable                                                              1,646                               112,018

            - Others                                                                              92,016                            76,830

          Less: impairment losses                                                               (97,739)                          (63,300)



          Total                                                                                10,287,174                        9,095,561




          (b) Analysed by ageing:

          As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of accounts receivable, based on the trade date, is as follows:



                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2021                                2020



          Within 1 month                                                                       4,894,477                         6,109,005

          1 to 3 months                                                                           711,876                         1,774,958

          Over 3 months                                                                        4,680,821                           1,211,598



          Total                                                                                10,287,174                        9,095,561




          (c) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2021                                2020



          At the beginning of the year                                                            63,300                            19,855

          Charge for the year                                                                    55,689                             46,245

          Reversal                                                                              (21,250)                           (2,800)



          At the end of the year                                                                  97,739                            63,300




          (d) Accounts receivable that is not impaired

          Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired relate to a wide range of customers for whom there was no recent
          history of default.

          The receivables from securities-backed lendings business are not included in accounts receivable.




318
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
35 Other receivables and prepayments

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2021                      2020



Prepayments                                                                              822,411                   206,754

Other receivables(1)                                                                    488,998                    310,993



                                                                                                                                        About Us
Interest receivable(2)                                                                  180,664                     161,663

Deductable VAT                                                                           76,308                     56,165

Deferred expenses                                                                         25,211                     19,425

Dividends receivable                                                                      23,217                    15,469

Tax refund                                                                                    -                     63,074

Others                                                                                  505,437                    297,865



Total                                                                                  2,122,246                   1,131,408




(1) Other receivables:                                                                                                               Operating Analysis


                                                                                         As at 31 December                            and Strategies
                                                                                           2021                      2020



Other receivables                                                                      1,254,107                  1,109,046

Less: impairment losses                                                                (765,109)                 (798,053)




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Total                                                                                   488,998                    310,993




The balance of others mainly represents the amount due from non-controlling shareholders of Huatai United Securities Co.,
Ltd., rental deposit, and sundry receivables arising from normal course of business.


Analysis of the movement of provision for other receivables impairment losses:


                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                           2021                      2020




                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
At the beginning of the year                                                            798,053                    906,380

Charge for the year                                                                     108,789                     313,481

Reversal of impairment                                                                 (140,202)                  (421,808)




                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Written-off                                                                              (1,531)                          -



At the end of the year                                                                  765,109                    798,053




                                                                                                                               319
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Interest receivable:



                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                               2021                 2020



          Interest receivable                                                217,610              195,946

          Less: impairment losses                                           (36,946)              (34,283)



          Total                                                              180,664               161,663




          Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses of interest receivable:


                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                               2021                 2020



          At the beginning of the year                                        34,283                75,461

          Charge for the year                                                  11,013              25,683

          Reversal of impairment                                             (8,350)              (66,861)



          At the end of the year                                             36,946                34,283




320
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021
36 Margin accounts receivable

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                         2021                       2020



Individuals                                                                       107,203,947                  92,398,831

Institutions                                                                        11,652,609                  11,643,427



                                                                                                                                       About Us
Less: impairment losses                                                             (1,914,311)                (1,468,251)



Total                                                                              116,942,245                102,574,007




(b) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                       As at 31 December




                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                                         2021                       2020




                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
At the beginning of the year                                                         1,468,251                      112,671

Charge for the year                                                                  1,371,400                   1,377,835

Reversal of impairment                                                              (925,340)                    (22,255)



At the end of the year                                                                1,914,311                  1,468,251




(c) The fair value of collaterals for margin financing and securities lending business is analysed




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
as followings:


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                         2021                       2020



Fair value of collaterals:

  - Equity securities                                                             409,894,030                 345,971,252

  - Funds                                                                           38,617,145                 30,090,346

  - Cash                                                                            17,893,342                   15,637,131

  - Debt securities                                                                  1,103,497                    1,578,121




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Total                                                                             467,508,014                 393,276,850




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
The Group evaluates the collectability of receivable from margin clients based on management’s assessment on the credit
rating, collateral value and the past collection history of each margin client.




                                                                                                                              321
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          37 Derivative financial instruments


                                                                             As at 31 December 2021

                                                       Notional amount                                 Fair value

                                                                                                Assets                   Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                          672,114,240                         90,322                  (1,337,816)

          Currency derivatives                               53,868,333                         479,737                  (868,927)

          Equity derivatives                                593,376,992                       13,054,672               (10,585,895)

          Credit derivatives                                   3,648,567                         410,318                        (68)

          Others                                              88,218,718                       1,242,478                 (809,954)



          Total                                             1,411,226,850                     15,277,527               (13,602,660)




          Less: settlement                                                                     (29,722)                   2,959,438



          Net position                                                                       15,247,805                (10,643,222)




                                                                            As at 31 December 2020

                                                        Notional amount                                Fair value

                                                                                                 Assets                   Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                          483,283,684                          41,333                  (1,165,435)

          Currency derivatives                                69,388,949                         173,507                  (227,347)

          Equity derivatives                                 238,259,561                       6,724,106                (13,243,909)

          Credit derivatives                                    436,626                               202                   (10,745)

          Others                                              110,314,868                       395,648                   (576,535)



          Total                                              901,683,688                       7,334,796                 (15,223,971)




          Less: settlement                                                                      (39,439)                    1,825,141



          Net position                                                                         7,295,357                (13,398,830)




          Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position in interest
          rate swap contracts settled in with Shanghai Clearing House, stock index futures, and treasury futures settled in China
          Financial Future Exchanges and certain commodity futures traded through futures companies, were settled daily and the
          corresponding receipts and payments were included in “clearing settlement funds”. Accordingly, the net position of the
          above contracts was nil as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.




322
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Cash flow hedges

The Group’s cash flow hedges consist of interest swap contracts that are used to protect against exposures to variability of
future cash flows.

Among the above derivative financial instruments, those designated hedging instruments in cash flow hedges are set out
below:



                                                                             As at 31 December 2021

                                                              Notional amount                                                             Fair value



                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                                               Over 3 months      Over 1 year but
                            Within 3 months   but within 1 year    within 5 years        Over 5 years             Total             Assets               Liabilities



Interest rate derivatives                 -                   -          1,275,160                   -        1,275,160                      -              (14,184)




                                                                            As at 31 December 2020

                                                              Notional amount                                                             Fair value

                                               Over 3 months      Over 1 year but




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                            Within 3 months   but within 1 year    within 5 years        Over 5 years             Total             Assets               Liabilities



Interest rate derivatives                 -                   -          1,304,980                   -       1,304,980                       -              (34,348)




                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Details of the Group’s hedged risk exposures in cash flow hedges and the corresponding effect on equities are as follows:



                                                                                 As at 31 December 2021

                                          Carrying amount of hedged items                  Effect of hedging             Accumulated
                                                                                                instruments          effect of hedging
                                                                                                     on other             instruments




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                             comprehensive                     on other            Line items in the
                                                                                         income during the             comprehensive                   statement of
                                                   Assets                 Liabilities                    year                   income           financial position



Bonds                                                    -               (2,552,586)                     20,164                (14,184)          Long-term bonds




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2020

                                          Carrying amount of hedged items                  Effect of hedging             Accumulated
                                                                                                instruments          effect of hedging
                                                                                                     on other             instruments
                                                                                             comprehensive                     on other            Line items in the
                                                                                         income during the             comprehensive                   statement of




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
                                                   Assets                 Liabilities                    year                   income           financial position



Bonds                                                     -                (2,611,554)               (34,348)                  (34,348)          Long-term bonds




                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                       323
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          38 Clearing settlement funds


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2021                             2020



          Deposits with stock exchanges

            - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited                     8,118,615                       6,253,766

            - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                    200,287                           600,201



          Deposits with other institutions                                                     262,039                           134,429



          Total                                                                               8,580,941                        6,988,396




          39 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients

          The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold clients’ monies arising
          from its normal course of business. The Group has classified the brokerage clients’ monies as cash held on behalf of
          brokerage clients under the current assets section of the consolidated statement of financial position, and recognised
          the corresponding accounts payable to the respective brokerage clients on the grounds that they are liable for any loss
          or misappropriation of their brokerage clients’ monies. In the Mainland China, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage
          clients for their transaction and settlement funds is restricted and governed by the relevant third-party deposit regulations
          issued by the CSRC. In Hong Kong, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage clients is restricted and governed by the
          Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.



          40 Cash and Bank balances

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2021                             2020



          Cash on hand                                                                              208                               201

          Bank balances                                                                      37,238,750                       49,652,268

          Less: impairment losses                                                                (1,157)                          (1,430)



          Total                                                                              37,237,801                        49,651,039




          Bank balances comprise time and demand deposits which bear interest at the prevailing market rates.


          (b) Analysis of the movement of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2021                             2020



          At the beginning of the year                                                            1,430                             11,179

          Charge for the year                                                                    6,264                              1,268

          Reversal of impairment                                                                (6,537)                           (11,017)



          At the end of the year                                                                   1,157                            1,430




324
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2021
41 Cash and cash equivalents

(a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                   2021                            2020



Cash on hand                                                                         208                             201

Bank balances                                                                 37,203,291                      49,570,987



                                                                                                                                     About Us
Clearing settlement funds                                                      8,580,920                       6,988,285
Financial assets held under resale agreements
                                                                                4,191,977                      13,474,774
  within 3 months original maturity
Bond investment within 3 months original maturity                                388,187                        7,061,738

Less: restricted bank deposits                                                (4,463,221)                     (9,449,572)



Total                                                                         45,901,362                       67,646,413




                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
The restricted bank deposits include bank deposits with original maturity of more than three months held by the Group,
deposits reserved for VAT payable of asset management plans, minimum liquid capital restriction deposits, risk reserve
deposits and securities underwriting brokerage deposits.


                                                                                                                                   and Strategies




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                            325
326



      (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

      The following table details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                    HUATAI SECURITIES


      which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                        Short-term                                                                                                                                          Non-
                                              debt     Long-term      Short-term     Long-term         Lease       Share     Other equity    Treasury       Capital     Retained      controlling
                                       instruments         bonds      bank loans     bank loans    liabilities    capital    instruments       shares       reserve       profits       interests          Total


      At 1 January 2021                  43,951,388     97,053,188      11,299,859       475,414   1,248,799     9,076,650              -   (1,626,546)   70,750,052   28,998,618       3,240,535    264,467,957


      Changes from financing
       cash flows
        Proceeds from issuance          129,076,996    56,580,701               -       247,402              -          -       9,996,425            -            -              -              -     195,901,524

        Repayment of borrowings        (119,467,596)   (21,310,001)   (2,795,165)             -              -          -               -            -            -              -              -   (143,572,762)

        Interest paid                     (827,947)    (3,435,757)      (126,999)       (22,956)             -          -               -            -            -              -              -    (4,413,659)

        Payment of lease liabilities              -              -              -             -    (462,158)            -               -            -            -              -              -      (462,158)

        Dividend paid                             -              -              -             -              -          -               -            -            -    (3,612,549)              -     (3,612,549)
        Acquisition of treasury
                                                  -              -              -             -              -          -               -     (48,964)            -              -              -       (48,964)
         shares
        Restricted Share Incentive
                                                  -              -              -             -              -          -               -       413,941           -              -              -         413,941
          Scheme of A Shares


      Total changes from
                                           8,781,453    31,834,943     (2,922,164)      224,446    (462,158)            -       9,996,425      364,977            -    (3,612,549)              -     44,205,373
        financing cash flows


      Other changes

        Interest expenses                   865,817     4,450,296         114,595        22,956       48,242            -               -            -            -              -              -      5,501,906

        New leases                                -              -              -             -      395,672            -               -            -            -              -              -        395,672


      Total liability-related other
                                            865,817     4,450,296         114,595        22,956      443,914            -               -            -            -              -              -      5,897,578
        changes


      Total equity-related other
                                                  -              -              -             -              -          -               -       30,022     (187,693)     10,173,710       372,439     10,388,478
        changes



      At 31 December 2021                53,598,658    133,338,427      8,492,290        722,816   1,230,555     9,076,650      9,996,425   (1,231,547)   70,562,359   35,559,779       3,612,974    324,959,386
                                            Short-term
                                                  debt     Long-term       Short-term     Long-term          Lease       Share     Treasury       Capital       Retained      Non-controlling
                                           instruments         bonds       bank loans     bank loans     liabilities    capital      shares       reserve         profits           interests           Total


      At 1 January 2020                      46,425,196     64,616,358        5,724,131      850,997        962,441    9,076,650            -    70,290,533      23,178,411           3,117,229    224,241,946


      Changes from financing
       cash flows
        Proceeds from non-
                                                      -               -              -              -              -           -            -             -              -                   -               -
          controlling interests
        Proceeds from partially
          disposal of a subsidiary                    -               -              -              -              -           -            -             -              -                   -               -
          without losing control
        Proceeds from issuance               147,192,346    47,079,773       5,564,492              -              -           -            -            -               -                   -      199,836,611

        Repayment of borrowings            (149,724,988)    (14,317,131)             -       (371,748)             -           -            -            -               -                   -    (164,413,867)

        Interest paid                          (769,501)   (2,988,523)        (28,235)        (38,130)             -           -            -            -               -                   -     (3,824,389)

        Payment of lease liabilities                  -               -              -              -    (420,344)             -            -            -               -                   -      (420,344)

        Dividend paid                                 -               -              -              -              -           -            -            -      (2,701,395)                  -      (2,701,395)

        Acquisition of treasury shares                -               -              -              -              -           -   (1,626,546)           -               -                   -     (1,626,546)


      Total changes from
                                             (3,302,143)     29,774,119      5,536,257      (409,878)    (420,344)            -    (1,626,546)           -      (2,701,395)                  -     26,850,070
        financing cash flows


      Other changes

        Interest expenses                       903,219      2,912,479         230,169         34,295        39,470           -             -            -               -                   -        4,119,632

        New leases                                    -               -              -              -      667,232            -             -            -               -                   -        667,232

        Others                                 (74,884)     (249,768)        (190,698)              -              -          -             -            -               -                   -       (515,350)


      Total liability-related other
                                                828,335       2,662,711         39,471         34,295      706,702            -             -            -               -                   -        4,271,514
        changes


      Total equity-related other
                                                                                                                                            -
        changes                                       -               -              -              -              -          -                    459,519       8,521,602             123,306       9,104,427



      At 31 December 2020                    43,951,388     97,053,188       11,299,859       475,414     1,248,799    9,076,650   (1,626,546)   70,750,052     28,998,618           3,240,535    264,467,957




327
                                         Financial Report and                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                                 Corporate Governance                                                         About Us                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                         and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          42 Short-term bank loans


                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2021                                      2020



          Credit loans                                                                   8,492,290                                     11,194,654

          Pledged loans                                                                            -                                     105,205



          Total                                                                          8,492,290                                    11,299,859




          As of 31 December 2021, the interest rates for short-term loans were in the range of 0.8% - 1.35% per annum (as of 31
          December 2020: 1.28% - 1.92% per annum).



          43 Short-term debt instruments issued

          As at 31 December 2021



          Name                                 Par value    Issuance date          Due date               Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                        Original currency                                              Original currency



          20 HUATAI G5                      RMB2,300,000       18/06/2020         18/06/2021               RMB2,300,000                   2.58%

          20 HUATAI S1                     RMB5,500,000        31/08/2020         31/08/2021              RMB5,500,000                    3.10%

          20 HUATAI S2                      RMB1,500,000       31/08/2020         28/05/2021               RMB1,500,000                   3.05%

          20 HUATAI S3                     RMB5,000,000         11/09/2020        11/08/2021              RMB5,000,000                    3.20%

          20 HUATAI S4                     RMB4,000,000        17/09/2020         17/04/2021              RMB4,000,000                    3.15%

          20 HUATAI CP010                  RMB5,000,000         15/12/2020        15/03/2021              RMB4,000,000                    2.94%

          21 HUATAI CP001                  RMB3,000,000         25/01/2021       25/04/2021               RMB3,000,000                    2.48%

          21 HUATAI CP002                  RMB3,000,000         27/01/2021        27/04/2021              RMB3,000,000                    2.42%

          21 HUATAI CP003                  RMB3,000,000        09/03/2021         07/06/2021              RMB3,000,000                    2.68%

          21 HUATAI CP004                  RMB4,000,000        25/06/2021         23/09/2021              RMB4,000,000                    2.40%

          21 HUATAI CP005                  RMB4,000,000         15/07/2021        13/10/2021              RMB4,000,000                    2.15%

          21 HUATAI CP006                  RMB3,000,000        22/07/2021         20/10/2021              RMB3,000,000                    2.15%

          21 HUATAI S2                     RMB4,000,000        28/06/2021        26/09/2021               RMB4,000,000                    2.95%

          21 HUATAI S3                     RMB2,000,000        09/07/2021        22/02/2022               RMB2,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUATAI S4                     RMB4,000,000        09/07/2021        09/07/2022               RMB4,000,000                    2.87%

          21 HUATAI S5                     RMB3,000,000         19/07/2021        19/07/2022              RMB3,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUATAI S6                     RMB4,000,000        09/08/2021         11/02/2022              RMB4,000,000                    2.55%

          21 HUATAI S7                     RMB4,000,000        16/08/2021         20/01/2022              RMB4,000,000                    2.51%

          21 HUATAI S8                     RMB3,000,000        26/08/2021         09/11/2021              RMB3,000,000                    2.40%

          21 HUATAI S9                      RMB2,300,000        06/12/2021       08/06/2022                RMB2,300,000                   2.64%

          21 HUA S10                        RMB2,700,000        06/12/2021        25/11/2022               RMB2,700,000                   2.70%

          21 HUA S11                       RMB2,000,000         13/12/2021        13/05/2022              RMB2,000,000                    2.62%

          21 HUA S12                        RMB1,000,000        21/12/2021        21/09/2022               RMB1,000,000                   2.70%

          21 HUA S13                       RMB4,000,000         21/12/2021        21/12/2022              RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUA S14                       RMB4,000,000         29/12/2021        29/11/2022              RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          HUATAI B2111                         USD50,000        27/11/2020        26/11/2021                 USD50,000                    0.50%

          HUATAI B2112                        USD60,000        03/02/2021         28/12/2021                 USD60,000                    1.35%

          HUATAI B2108a                        USD20,000        10/02/2021        10/08/2021                  USD20,000                   1.23%

          HUATAI B2203                        USD100,000       23/03/2021         21/03/2022                 USD100,000                   0.35%

          HUATAI B2108b                        USD35,000        12/05/2021        12/08/2021                  USD35,000                   0.50%

          HUATAI B2112b                       USD100,000       02/06/2021         02/12/2021                 USD100,000                   0.60%




328
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Name                          Par value          Issuance date                    Due date          Issue amount    Nominal interest rate
                       Original currency                                                        Original currency

HUATAI B2206                 USD100,000              11/06/2021                  09/06/2022            USD100,000                  0.70%

HUATAI B2111b               HKD300,000              27/08/2021                    26/11/2021          HKD300,000                   0.50%

HUATAI B2203b               HKD300,000               07/12/2021                  10/03/2022           HKD300,000                   0.55%

HUATAI B2203c                 USD30,000              29/12/2021                  29/03/2022            USD30,000                   0.65%

Structured notes (1)      RMB14,605,615                Note (1)                     Note (1)        RMB14,605,615                Note (1)




                                                                                                                                                      About Us
                            Book value as at                                                                           Book value as at
Name                          1 January 2021                       Increase                       Decrease            31 December 2021
                                        RMB                             RMB                           RMB                          RMB
                                  equivalent                      equivalent                    equivalent                   equivalent



20 HUATAI G5                         2,331,813                        27,527                    (2,359,340)                             -

20 HUATAI S1                        5,557,300                         113,208                   (5,670,508)                             -

20 HUATAI S2                         1,515,375                         18,937                    (1,534,312)                            -

20 HUATAI S3                        5,053,333                         97,634                     (5,150,967)                            -




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
20 HUATAI S4                       4,042,000                           37,100                    (4,079,100)                            -

20 HUATAI CP010                    5,006,847                          29,400                    (5,036,247)                             -

21 HUATAI CP001                             -                       3,018,345                    (3,018,345)                            -



                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
21 HUATAI CP002                             -                       3,017,901                    (3,017,901)                            -

21 HUATAI CP003                             -                       3,019,825                    (3,019,825)                            -

21 HUATAI CP004                             -                       4,023,671                    (4,023,671)                            -

21 HUATAI CP005                             -                       4,021,205                    (4,021,205)                            -

21 HUATAI CP006                             -                       3,015,904                    (3,015,904)                            -

21 HUATAI S2                                -                      4,059,983                              -                    4,059,983

21 HUATAI S3                                -                       2,026,317                             -                     2,026,317




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
21 HUATAI S4                                -                       4,054,931                             -                     4,054,931

21 HUATAI S5                                -                      3,037,258                              -                    3,037,258

21 HUATAI S6                                -                      4,040,306                              -                    4,040,306

21 HUATAI S7                                -                      4,037,785                              -                    4,037,785

21 HUATAI S8                                -                       3,014,761                    (3,014,761)                            -

21 HUATAI S9                                -                      2,304,244                              -                    2,304,244

21 HUA S10                                  -                      2,705,095                              -                    2,705,095

21 HUA S11                                  -                      2,002,676                              -                    2,002,676

21 HUA S12                                  -                       1,000,798                             -                     1,000,798

21 HUA S13                                  -                      4,003,253                              -                    4,003,253

21 HUA S14                                  -                      4,000,887                              -                    4,000,887




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
HUATAI B2111                         323,745                            1,434                      (325,179)                            -

HUATAI B2112                                -                        386,378                      (386,378)                             -

HUATAI B2108a                               -                        128,025                       (128,025)                            -




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2203                                -                        636,859                              -                      636,859

HUATAI B2108b                               -                        223,308                      (223,308)                             -

HUATAI B2112b                               -                        638,159                      (638,159)                             -

HUATAI B2206                                -                        639,724                              -                      639,724

HUATAI B2111b                               -                        245,586                      (245,586)                             -

HUATAI B2203b                               -                        245,294                              -                      245,294

HUATAI B2203c                               -                          191,212                            -                        191,212

Structured notes (1)               20,120,975                     65,875,960                    (71,384,899)                   14,612,036



Total                              43,951,388                    129,940,890                   (120,293,620)                  53,598,658




                                                                                                                                             329
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2020



          Name                            Par value           Issuance date                     Due date         Issue amount      Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                                          Original currency



          19 HUATAI CP005              RMB5,000,000                11/10/2019                  09/01/2020          RMB5,000,000                    2.83%

          19 HUATAI CP006              RMB5,000,000                14/11/2019                  12/02/2020          RMB5,000,000                    3.05%

          19 HUATAI CP007              RMB5,000,000               06/12/2019                   05/03/2020          RMB5,000,000                    3.02%

          20 HUATAI CP001              RMB6,000,000              06/01/2020                    05/04/2020          RMB6,000,000                    2.80%

          20 HUATAI CP002              RMB5,000,000              10/02/2020                    10/05/2020          RMB5,000,000                    2.65%

          20 HUATAI CP003              RMB3,000,000              27/02/2020                    27/05/2020          RMB3,000,000                    2.39%

          20 HUATAI CP004              RMB4,000,000              06/03/2020                    04/06/2020          RMB4,000,000                     2.31%

          20 HUATAI CP005              RMB4,000,000              09/06/2020                    28/08/2020          RMB4,000,000                     1.90%

          20 HUATAI CP006              RMB4,000,000              16/06/2020                    14/09/2020          RMB4,000,000                    2.20%

          20 HUATAI CP007              RMB4,000,000              15/07/2020                     13/10/2020         RMB4,000,000                    2.55%

          20 HUATAI CP008              RMB3,000,000              14/08/2020                     12/11/2020         RMB3,000,000                    2.62%

          20 HUATAI CP009              RMB4,000,000              15/09/2020                     14/12/2020         RMB4,000,000                    2.70%

          20 HUATAI CP010              RMB5,000,000               15/12/2020                    15/03/2021         RMB5,000,000                    2.94%

          20 HUATAI G5                 RMB2,300,000              18/06/2020                     18/06/2021         RMB2,300,000                    2.58%

          20 HUATAI S1                 RMB5,500,000              31/08/2020                     31/08/2021         RMB5,500,000                     3.10%

          20 HUATAI S2                 RMB1,500,000              31/08/2020                    28/05/2021           RMB1,500,000                   3.05%

          20 HUATAI S3                 RMB5,000,000               11/09/2020                    11/08/2021         RMB5,000,000                    3.20%

          20 HUATAI S4                 RMB4,000,000              17/09/2020                     17/04/2021         RMB4,000,000                     3.15%

          HUATAI B2111                    USD50,000               27/11/2020                    26/11/2021            USD50,000                    0.50%

          Structured notes (1)         RMB20,070,414                Note (1)                      Note (1)        RMB20,070,414                  Note (1)




                                       Book value as at                                                                                Book value as at
          Name                          1 January 2020                           Increase                      Decrease              31 December 2020
                                                    RMB                               RMB                           RMB                            RMB
                                              equivalent                        equivalent                    equivalent                     equivalent



          19 HUATAI CP005                        5,031,401                            3,394                    (5,034,795)                              -

          19 HUATAI CP006                        5,019,637                           17,863                    (5,037,500)                              -

          19 HUATAI CP007                        5,011,043                          26,088                      (5,037,131)                             -

          20 HUATAI CP001                                -                       6,039,475                     (6,039,475)                              -

          20 HUATAI CP002                                -                        5,032,582                    (5,032,582)                              -

          20 HUATAI CP003                                -                        3,012,538                    (3,012,538)                              -

          20 HUATAI CP004                                -                        4,022,784                    (4,022,784)                              -

          20 HUATAI CP005                                -                         4,011,036                    (4,011,036)                             -

          20 HUATAI CP006                                -                        4,021,699                    (4,021,699)                              -

          20 HUATAI CP007                                -                        4,021,797                    (4,021,797)                              -

          20 HUATAI CP008                                -                         3,017,012                    (3,017,012)                             -

          20 HUATAI CP009                                -                        4,022,784                    (4,022,784)                              -

          20 HUATAI CP010                                -                       5,006,847                               -                     5,006,847

          20 HUATAI G5                                   -                         2,331,813                             -                       2,331,813

          20 HUATAI S1                                   -                        5,557,300                              -                     5,557,300

          20 HUATAI S2                                   -                         1,515,375                             -                       1,515,375

          20 HUATAI S3                                   -                        5,053,333                              -                     5,053,333

          20 HUATAI S4                                   -                       4,042,000                               -                     4,042,000

          HUATAI B2111                                   -                         323,745                               -                       323,745

          Structured notes (1)                   31,363,115                      86,941,216                   (98,183,356)                     20,120,975



          Total                                46,425,196                       148,020,681                  (150,494,489)                     43,951,388




330
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(1) In 2021, the Company has issued 3,849 tranches (2020: 3,712 tranches) of structured notes, bearing interest ranging from
2.00% to 6.58% per annum (2020: 2.40% to 6.58% per annum), repayable within 1 year. Structured notes repayable more than
1 year are classified as “Long-term bonds” (Note 52).



44 Placements from other financial institutions


Current



                                                                                      As at 31 December


                                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                                                        2021                             2020



Placements from banks                                                               14,018,721                        4,815,236




As at 31 December 2021, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of 0.25% - 3.10% per annum, with
maturities within 132 days (as at 31 December 2020: bearing interest of 0.50% - 3.15% per annum, with maturities within 76
days).



45 Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                                                                 Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Current



                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                        2021                             2020



Clients’ deposits for brokerage trading                                           127,624,066                        118,432,619

Clients’ deposits for margin financing and securities lending                      19,877,767                        17,955,015




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Total                                                                             147,501,833                       136,387,634




Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the monies received from and repayable to brokerage clients, which are
mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage clients are interest-bearing at
the prevailing interest rate.

The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayable on demand except where certain accounts payable to
brokerage clients represent monies received from clients for their margin financing activities under normal course of
business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excess amounts over the required margin deposits and




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
cash collateral stipulated are repayable on demand.

No aging analysis is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the aging analysis does not give additional
value in view of the nature of these businesses.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   331
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          46 Employee benefits payable

          Non-current



                                              As at 31 December
                                                2021                 2020



          Salaries, bonuses and allowance   7,057,339             6,974,615




          Current



                                              As at 31 December
                                                2021                 2020



          Salaries, bonuses and allowance   5,330,529             3,838,638

          Contribution to pension scheme        3,371                2,445

          Other social welfare               423,698                315,812



          Total                             5,757,598             4,156,895




332
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
47 Other payables and accruals

Non-current



                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                       2021                             2020



Lease liabilities                                                                   900,299                           850,730




                                                                                                                                           About Us
(1) During the year of 2021, in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(20)(i), the Group has elected not to
recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value assets and short-term leases, which amounted to
RMB41 million (2020: RMB78 million).

(2) As at 31 December 2021, the cash flows of lease contracts signed by the Group but lease not yet commenced are
insignificant.

Current




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                       2021                             2020




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Trade payable                                                                      84,166,271                       36,314,244

Payable to brokers, dealers and clearing house                                    13,443,598                          5,131,183

Payable to open-ended funds                                                         5,441,731                         1,810,719

Other tax payable                                                                   790,446                           674,394

Restrictive repurchase obligation                                                   395,746                                  -

Dividend payable of pledged exchangeable bond                                        372,768                          1,178,430

Lease liabilities                                                                   330,256                           398,069




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Fee and commission payable                                                          253,680                           260,483

Futures risk reserve                                                                  178,120                          144,622

Payable to outsourcing service                                                       120,474                           87,655

Payable to the securities investor protection fund                                    68,238                            57,173

Payable to interest holders of consolidated structured entities (1)                  44,954                        59,032,383

Funds payable to securities issuers                                                   38,747                           70,930

Payable for office building construction                                              35,315                            56,571

Redemption payables                                                                   26,761                            27,215

Dividend payable                                                                      13,097                            28,192

Others (2)                                                                          900,553                           608,048




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Total                                                                            106,620,755                        105,880,311




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
(1) The financial liabilities arising from the consolidated structured entities with underlying investments in money market
and fixed income instruments are classified as other payables and accruals in these consolidated financial statements. It is
because the Group has an obligation to pay other investors upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on the net
book value and related terms of those consolidated asset management schemes. As at 31 December 2021, the decrease of
payables to interest holders of consolidated structured entities mainly results from the decrease of the total assets of the
structured entities consolidated. (See Note 56(a)).

(2) The balance of others mainly represents payable to brokerage agents and sundry payables arising from normal course
of business.




                                                                                                                                  333
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          48 Contract liabilities


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2021                     2020



          Advance consideration received from customers                                    265,637                    92,366




          49 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements

          (a) Analysed by collateral type:


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2021                     2020



          Debt securities                                                               104,067,070                111,403,580

          Equity securities                                                              17,565,523                 9,631,494

          Precious metal                                                                 9,077,408                 18,564,573

          Margin loans receivable backed repurchase                                               -                   300,321



          Total                                                                          130,710,001              139,899,968




          As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements amounted to RMB144,064 million (as at 31 December 2020: RMB158,284 million).


          (b) Analysed by market:


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2021                     2020



          Shanghai stock exchange                                                        26,817,766               47,838,283

          Inter-bank market                                                             60,896,105                45,930,433

          Over-the-counter                                                               36,936,138                  37,114,141

          Shenzhen stock exchange                                                        6,059,992                    9,017,111



          Total                                                                          130,710,001              139,899,968




334
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
50 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

Non-current



                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                          2021                               2020



Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                 2,833,456                           3,185,296




                                                                                                                                                About Us
Current



                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                          2021                               2020



Financial liabilities held for trading                                                 27,171,191                         11,469,173

Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                   1,118,271                           727,061




                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Total                                                                                28,289,462                          12,196,234




                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
In the consolidated financial statements, the financial liabilities arising from consolidation of structured entities and private
funds with the underlying investments related to listed equity investments in active markets and unlisted equity investments
are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to pay other investors
or limited partners upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on net book value and related terms of those
consolidated asset management schemes or private equity funds.

As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, there were no significant fair value changes related to the changes in the




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
credit risk of the Group, respectively.




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                       335
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          51 Long-term bonds due within one year

          As at 31 December 2021



          Name                            Par value             Issuance date                   Due date         Issue amount    Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                                         Original currency



          16 HUATAI G2                 RMB2,500,000                06/12/2016                  06/12/2021         RMB2,500,000                   3.78%

          16 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000                 14/12/2016                  14/12/2021       RMB3,000,000                    3.97%

          18 HUATAI C2                 RMB2,800,000                10/05/2018                  10/05/2021         RMB2,800,000                   5.20%

          18 HUATAI G1                 RMB3,000,000                 26/11/2018                  26/11/2021       RMB3,000,000                    3.88%

          19 HUATAI G1                 RMB7,000,000                19/03/2019                  19/03/2022         RMB7,000,000                   3.68%

          19 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000                 22/04/2019                  22/04/2022        RMB5,000,000                    3.80%

          19 HUATAI 02                RMB5,000,000                 27/05/2019                  27/05/2022        RMB5,000,000                    3.94%

          19 HUATAI 03                RMB4,000,000                 24/10/2019                  24/10/2022        RMB4,000,000                    3.68%

          19 Finance 01               RMB6,000,000                 21/08/2019                  21/08/2022        RMB6,000,000                    3.40%

          20 HUATAI G8                RMB4,000,000                 09/12/2020                  09/12/2022        RMB4,000,000                    3.67%

          HUATAI B2205                  USD500,000                 16/05/2019                  16/05/2022           USD500,000                   3.38%

          Structured notes (1)           RMB613,940                   Note (1)                    Note (1)          RMB613,940                Note (1)




                                        Book value as at                                                                             Book value as at
          Name                            1 January 2021                          Increase                    Decrease              31 December 2021
                                                    RMB                                RMB                         RMB                           RMB
                                              equivalent                         equivalent                  equivalent                    equivalent



          16 HUATAI G2                          2,508,601                            84,497                  (2,593,098)                             -

          16 HUATAI G4                         3,006,354                            108,368                    (3,114,722)                           -

          18 HUATAI C2                          2,893,742                            48,335                  (2,942,077)                             -

          18 HUATAI G1                           3,010,179                           98,057                   (3,108,236)                            -

          19 HUATAI G1                                     -                      7,459,426                    (257,600)                      7,201,826

          19 HUATAI G3                                     -                      5,320,878                    (190,000)                     5,130,878

          19 HUATAI 02                                     -                       5,313,891                   (197,000)                      5,116,891

          19 HUATAI 03                                     -                       4,173,848                    (147,200)                    4,026,648

          19 Finance 01                                    -                       6,277,407                   (204,000)                     6,073,407

          20 HUATAI G8                                     -                       4,155,505                   (146,800)                     4,008,705

          HUATAI B2205                                     -                      3,285,482                     (86,888)                     3,198,594

          Structured notes (1)                         10,017                       615,686                      (10,344)                      615,359



          Total                                11,428,893                         36,941,380                 (12,997,965)                   35,372,308




336
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
As at 31 December 2020



Name                                  Par value          Issuance date                     Due date        Issue amount      Nominal interest rate
                               Original currency                                                        Original currency



16 HUATAI G2                       RMB2,500,000              06/12/2016                    06/12/2021        RMB2,500,000                    3.78%

16 HUATAI G4                       RMB3,000,000               14/12/2016                   14/12/2021        RMB3,000,000                    3.97%

17 HUATAI 02                       RMB2,000,000              24/02/2017                   24/02/2020         RMB2,000,000                    4.65%

17 HUATAI 04                       RMB6,000,000              15/05/2017                   15/05/2020        RMB6,000,000                     5.25%




                                                                                                                                                                About Us
17 HUATAI C2                       RMB5,000,000              27/07/2017                   27/07/2020         RMB5,000,000                    4.95%

18 HUATAI C1                       RMB1,000,000              15/03/2018                   15/03/2020         RMB1,000,000                    5.65%

18 HUATAI C2                       RMB2,800,000              10/05/2018                    10/05/2021        RMB2,800,000                    5.20%

18 HUATAI G1                       RMB3,000,000              26/11/2018                    26/11/2021        RMB3,000,000                    3.88%

HUATAI B2006                           USD14,757            30/05/2019                    02/06/2020             USD14,757                   4.00%

Structured notes (1)                 RMB190,360                 Note (1)                     Note (1)          RMB190,360                  Note (1)




                                    Book value as at                                                                             Book value as at




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Name                                 1 January 2020                         Increase                     Decrease              31 December 2020
                                                RMB                              RMB                          RMB                            RMB
                                          equivalent                       equivalent                   equivalent                     equivalent




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
16 HUATAI G2                                        -                         2,603,101                    (94,500)                       2,508,601

16 HUATAI G4                                        -                        3,125,454                      (119,100)                    3,006,354

17 HUATAI 02                                2,078,732                            7,750                  (2,086,482)                               -

17 HUATAI 04                                6,198,493                          105,000                  (6,303,493)                               -

17 HUATAI C2                                 5,107,815                         123,750                   (5,231,565)                              -

18 HUATAI C1                                1,044,090                            9,497                   (1,053,587)                              -

18 HUATAI C2                                        -                        3,039,342                    (145,600)                      2,893,742




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
18 HUATAI G1                                        -                        3,126,579                     (116,400)                       3,010,179

HUATAI B2006                                  105,345                            3,305                    (108,650)                               -

Structured notes (1)                          182,058                            11,448                   (183,489)                           10,017



Total                                       14,716,533                       12,155,226                 (15,442,866)                     11,428,893




(1) As at 31 December 2021, RMB615.36 million of structured notes would mature within one year (as at 31 December 2020:
RMB10.02 million).




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                       337
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          52 Long-term bonds

          As at 31 December 2021



          Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                  Original currency



          13 HUATAI 02                RMB6,000,000        05/06/2013    05/06/2023       RMB6,000,000                    5.10%

          18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000        26/11/2018    26/11/2023       RMB1,000,000                   4.17%

          19 HUATAI G1                 RMB7,000,000       19/03/2019    19/03/2022        RMB7,000,000                   3.68%

          19 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000        22/04/2019    22/04/2022       RMB5,000,000                    3.80%

          19 HUATAI 02                RMB5,000,000        27/05/2019    27/05/2022       RMB5,000,000                    3.94%

          19 HUATAI 03                RMB4,000,000        24/10/2019    24/10/2022       RMB4,000,000                    3.68%

          19 Finance 01               RMB6,000,000        21/08/2019    21/08/2022       RMB6,000,000                    3.40%

          20 HUATAI G1                RMB8,000,000       26/03/2020     26/03/2023       RMB8,000,000                    2.99%

          20 HUATAI G3                RMB3,500,000       29/04/2020     29/04/2025       RMB3,500,000                    2.90%

          20 HUATAI G4                RMB3,000,000        21/05/2020    21/05/2025       RMB3,000,000                    3.20%

          20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000       18/06/2020    18/06/2023        RMB3,200,000                   3.10%

          20 HUATAI G7                RMB3,500,000        24/11/2020     24/11/2023      RMB3,500,000                    3.90%

          20 HUATAI G8                RMB4,000,000        09/12/2020    09/12/2022       RMB4,000,000                    3.67%

          20 HUATAI G9                RMB4,000,000        09/12/2020    09/12/2023       RMB4,000,000                    3.79%

          20 HUATAI 02                RMB10,000,000      24/07/2020     24/07/2022       RMB10,000,000                   3.20%

          20 HUATAI C1                RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020    13/11/2025      RMB5,000,000                    4.48%

          21 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000        20/01/2021    20/01/2024       RMB4,000,000                    3.58%

          21 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000        26/04/2021    26/04/2024       RMB5,000,000                    3.42%

          21 HUATAI G4                RMB6,000,000        17/05/2021    17/05/2026       RMB6,000,000                    3.71%

          21 HUATAI G5                RMB4,000,000        24/05/2021    24/05/2024       RMB4,000,000                    3.28%

          21 HUATAI G6                RMB2,000,000        24/05/2021    24/05/2026       RMB2,000,000                    3.63%

          21 HUATAI G7                RMB2,000,000        15/06/2021    15/06/2024       RMB2,000,000                    3.40%

          21 HUATAI 09                RMB2,500,000        21/06/2021    21/06/2024       RMB2,500,000                    3.45%

          21 HUATAI C1                RMB9,000,000        29/01/2021    29/01/2026       RMB9,000,000                    4.50%

          21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000       07/09/2021    07/09/2024        RMB1,500,000                   3.03%

          21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000       07/09/2021    07/09/2031        RMB2,700,000                   3.78%

          21 HUATAI 13                 RMB2,100,000        18/10/2021   18/10/2024        RMB2,100,000                   3.25%

          21 HUATAI 14                RMB3,400,000         18/10/2021    18/10/2031      RMB3,400,000                    3.99%

          21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2024        RMB2,200,000                   3.22%

          21 HUATAI 16                 RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021     25/10/2031       RMB1,100,000                   3.94%

          HUATAIB2205                   USD500,000        16/05/2019    16/05/2022         USD500,000                    3.38%

          HUATAIB2302                   USD400,000        12/02/2020    12/02/2023         USD400,000             LIBOR+0.95%

          HUATAIB2404                   USD900,000        09/04/2021    09/04/2024         USD900,000                    1.30%

          HUATAIB2604                   USD500,000        09/04/2021    09/04/2026         USD500,000                    2.00%

          Structured notes (1)           RMB143,400          Note (1)      Note (1)         RMB143,400                 Note (1)




338
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                       Book value as at                                    Book value as at
Name                     1 January 2021     Increase        Decrease      31 December 2021
                                  RMB            RMB             RMB                  RMB
                            equivalent     equivalent      equivalent           equivalent



13 HUATAI 02                   6,171,490      310,785       (306,000)              6,176,275

18 HUATAI G2                   1,003,413        41,961        (41,700)             1,003,674

19 HUATAI G1                   7,199,048             -     (7,199,048)                     -

19 HUATAI G3                   5,129,536             -     (5,129,536)                     -

19 HUATAI 02                   5,115,539             -      (5,115,539)                    -

19 HUATAI 03                  4,025,007              -     (4,025,007)                     -


                                                                                                         About Us
19 Finance 01                 6,072,453              -     (6,072,453)                     -

20 HUATAI G1                   8,177,637       241,673      (239,200)               8,180,110

20 HUATAI G3                  3,565,376        102,129       (101,500)            3,566,005

20 HUATAI G4                  3,056,359         96,611       (96,076)             3,056,894

20 HUATAI G6                  3,250,725        99,540        (99,200)              3,251,065

20 HUATAI G7                   3,512,736      137,090        (136,500)             3,513,326

20 HUATAI G8                  4,008,066              -    (4,008,066)                      -

20 HUATAI G9                  4,008,443        152,019       (151,600)            4,008,862




                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
20 HUATAI 02                  10,132,432       160,618    (10,293,050)                     -

20 HUATAI C1                  5,025,058       225,933       (224,000)              5,026,991

21 HUATAI G1                          -      4,137,065         (3,860)             4,133,205



                                                                                                       and Strategies
21 HUATAI G3                          -      5,117,432         (4,825)             5,112,607

21 HUATAI G4                          -      6,139,497         (5,791)             6,133,706

21 HUATAI G5                          -      4,080,108         (3,860)            4,076,248

21 HUATAI G6                          -      2,044,128         (1,930)             2,042,198

21 HUATAI G7                          -     2,037,360          (1,930)            2,035,430

21 HUATAI 09                          -      2,545,931          (2,413)            2,543,518

21 HUATAI C1                          -     9,376,680          (9,382)            9,367,298




                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
21 HUATAI 11                          -      1,514,497          (1,027)            1,513,470

21 HUATAI 12                          -      2,732,368         (1,849)             2,730,519

21 HUATAI 13                          -       2,113,972          (436)             2,113,536

21 HUATAI 14                          -      3,427,728           (706)            3,427,022

21 HUATAI 15                          -       2,213,167          (457)              2,212,710

21 HUATAI 16                          -      1,108,042           (228)              1,107,814

HUATAIB2205                   3,274,424              -     (3,274,424)                     -

HUATAIB2302                    2,611,554        4,635         (63,603)            2,552,586

HUATAIB2404                           -     5,780,545         (37,298)            5,743,247

HUATAIB2604                           -      3,226,282        (31,879)             3,194,403

Structured notes (1)            284,999        140,401      (282,000)               143,400




                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Total                        85,624,295     59,308,197    (46,966,373)            97,966,119




                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                339
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2020



          Name                            Par value    Issuance date      Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                   Original currency



          13 HUATAI 02                 RMB6,000,000       05/06/2013     05/06/2023        RMB6,000,000                    5.10%

          16 HUATAI G2                 RMB2,500,000        06/12/2016     06/12/2021       RMB2,500,000                   3.78%

          16 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000         14/12/2016    14/12/2021       RMB3,000,000                   3.97%

          18 HUATAI C2                 RMB2,800,000        10/05/2018     10/05/2021       RMB2,800,000                   5.20%

          18 HUATAI G1                 RMB3,000,000         26/11/2018    26/11/2021       RMB3,000,000                   3.88%

          18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000         26/11/2018    26/11/2023       RMB1,000,000                    4.17%

          19 HUATAI G1                 RMB7,000,000        19/03/2019    19/03/2022        RMB7,000,000                   3.68%

          19 HUATAI G3                 RMB5,000,000       22/04/2019     22/04/2022        RMB5,000,000                   3.80%

          19 HUATAI 02                 RMB5,000,000       27/05/2019     27/05/2022        RMB5,000,000                   3.94%

          19 HUATAI 03                 RMB4,000,000        24/10/2019    24/10/2022        RMB4,000,000                   3.68%

          19 Finance 01                RMB6,000,000        21/08/2019    21/08/2022        RMB6,000,000                   3.40%

          20 HUATAI C1                 RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020    13/11/2025       RMB5,000,000                   4.48%

          20 HUATAI G1                 RMB8,000,000       26/03/2020     26/03/2023        RMB8,000,000                   2.99%

          20 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,500,000       29/04/2020     29/04/2025        RMB3,500,000                   2.90%

          20 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000       21/05/2020     21/05/2025        RMB3,000,000                   3.20%

          20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000       18/06/2020     18/06/2023        RMB3,200,000                    3.10%

          20 HUATAI G7                 RMB3,500,000        24/11/2020     24/11/2023       RMB3,500,000                   3.90%

          20 HUATAI G8                 RMB4,000,000       09/12/2020     09/12/2022        RMB4,000,000                   3.67%

          20 HUATAI G9                 RMB4,000,000       09/12/2020     09/12/2023        RMB4,000,000                   3.79%

          20 HUATAI 02                RMB10,000,000       24/07/2020     24/07/2022       RMB10,000,000                   3.20%

          HUATAIB2205                    USD500,000        16/05/2019    16/05/2022          USD500,000                   3.38%

          HUATAIB2302                    USD400,000       12/02/2020     12/02/2023          USD400,000             LIBOR+0.95%

          Structured notes (1)           RMB312,000           Note (1)      Note (1)         RMB312,000                 Note (1)




340
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                    Book value as at                                                       Book value as at
Name                                 1 January 2020                Increase               Decrease       31 December 2020
                                                RMB                    RMB                      RMB                   RMB
                                          equivalent             equivalent               equivalent            equivalent



13 HUATAI 02                                6,170,097                307,393               (306,000)                6,171,490

16 HUATAI G2                                 2,507,113                     -               (2,507,113)                     -

16 HUATAI G4                               3,006,353                       -              (3,006,353)                      -

18 HUATAI C2                                2,892,934                      -              (2,892,934)                      -

18 HUATAI G1                               3,009,336                       -              (3,009,336)                      -

18 HUATAI G2                                1,003,252                  41,861                (41,700)               1,003,413


                                                                                                                                         About Us
19 HUATAI G1                                7,196,883               259,765                (257,600)               7,199,048

19 HUATAI G3                                5,128,000                 191,536               (190,000)              5,129,536

19 HUATAI 02                                 5,114,007               198,532                (197,000)               5,115,539

19 HUATAI 03                               4,023,800                 148,407                (147,200)             4,025,007

19 Finance 01                               6,071,533               204,920                (204,000)              6,072,453

20 HUATAI C1                                        -              5,029,728                  (4,670)             5,025,058

20 HUATAI G1                                        -               8,185,109                 (7,472)              8,177,637

20 HUATAI G3                                        -              3,568,645                  (3,269)             3,565,376




                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
20 HUATAI G4                                        -               3,059,161                 (2,802)             3,056,359

20 HUATAI G6                                        -              3,253,475                  (2,750)              3,250,725

20 HUATAI G7                                        -              3,513,826                  (1,090)              3,512,736



                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
20 HUATAI G8                                        -              4,008,844                    (778)             4,008,066

20 HUATAI G9                                        -              4,009,221                    (778)             4,008,443

20 HUATAI 02                                        -              10,140,808                 (8,376)              10,132,432

HUATAIB2205                                 3,497,217                  12,183              (234,976)               3,274,424

HUATAIB2302                                         -               2,831,582              (220,028)                2,611,554

Structured notes (1)                         279,300                  38,000                 (32,301)               284,999




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Total                                     49,899,825              49,002,996             (13,278,526)            85,624,295




(1) The Company has issued 30 tranches of long-term structured notes for the year ended 31 December 2021 (as at 31
December 2020: 4 tranches). As at 31 December 2021, 14 tranches of long-term structured notes due within one year are
classified as “Long-term bonds due within one year” (as at 31 December 2020: 2 tranches) (Note 51).




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                341
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          53 Long-term bank loans

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                        As at 31 December
                                                          2021               2020



          Credit bank loans                             722,816             475,414

          Less: credit bank loans due within one year        -                   -



          Total                                         722,816             475,414




          (b) Analysed by maturity:


                                                        As at 31 December
                                                          2021               2020



          Maturity within five years                    722,816             475,414

          Maturity over five years                           -                   -



          Total                                         722,816             475,414




342
      54 Share capital, reserves and retained profits

      (a) Movements in components of equity

      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details
      of the changes in the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:




                                                                                                                                           Reserves
                                                                 Other equity                                                                               Fair value    Translation
                                          Note   Share capital   instruments    Treasury shares     Capital reserve   Surplus reserve    General reserve      reserve        reserve     Retained profits         Total



      As at 1 January 2021                           9,076,650              -        (1,626,546)         69,229,342          5,711,067         11,634,395      323,174          18,981         17,604,448      111,971,511



      Changes in equity for 2021



      Profit for the year                                    -              -                  -                  -                 -                  -             -              -           8,588,552     8,588,552

      Other comprehensive income                             -              -                  -                  -                 -                  -    (303,036)               -                   -     (303,036)



      Total comprehensive income                             -              -                  -                  -                 -                  -    (303,036)               -           8,588,552      8,285,516



      Issue of perpetual bonds                               -      9,989,057                  -                  -                 -                  -             -              -                   -     9,989,057
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                             -              -           443,963           (326,459)                 -                  -             -              -                   -        117,504
        payments
      Acquisition of treasury shares                         -              -          (48,964)                   -                 -                  -             -              -                   -      (48,964)

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                       -              -                  -                  -          858,855                   -             -              -          (858,855)                -

      Appropriation to general reserve                       -              -                  -                  -                 -           1,718,064            -              -          (1,718,064)              -

      Dividends declared for the year                        -              -                  -                  -                 -                  -             -              -         (3,612,549)    (3,612,549)

      Others                                                 -              -                  -                  7                 -                  -             -              -                   -               7




      As at 31 December 2021               63        9,076,650      9,989,057         (1,231,547)        68,902,890         6,569,922          13,352,459       20,138          18,981         20,003,532    126,702,082




343
                                         Financial Report and                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                     About Us                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                 and Strategies
344



                                                                                                                           Reserves

                                         Note   Share capital   Treasury shares    Capital reserve   Surplus reserve     General reserve     Fair value reserve    Translation reserve    Retained profits          Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               HUATAI SECURITIES



      As at 1 January 2020                          9,076,650                 -         69,229,337           5,118,691         10,449,289              203,556                   18,981          16,159,562    110,256,066



      Changes in equity for 2020



      Profit for the year                                   -                 -                  -                  -                   -                     -                      -           5,923,763      5,923,763

      Other comprehensive income                            -                 -                  -                  -                   -                119,618                     -                    -        119,618



      Total comprehensive income                            -                 -                  -                  -                   -                119,618             5,923,763           5,923,763      6,043,381



      Acquisition of treasury shares                        -        (1,626,546)                 -                  -                   -                     -                      -                    -    (1,626,546)

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                      -                 -                  -           592,376                    -                     -                      -           (592,376)                -

      Appropriation to general reserve                      -                 -                  -                  -            1,185,106                    -                      -           (1,185,106)              -

      Dividends declared for the year                       -                 -                  -                  -                   -                     -                      -          (2,701,395)    (2,701,395)

      Others                                                -                 -                  5                  -                   -                     -                      -                    -               5



      As at 31 December 2020             63         9,076,650        (1,626,546)        69,229,342           5,711,067         11,634,395               323,174                  18,981         17,604,448       111,971,511
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(b) Share capital

All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The Company’s number
of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:



                                             As at 31 December 2021                                  As at 31 December 2020

                                              Number                                                   Number
                                             of shares                Nominal value                   of shares               Nominal value

                                           (Thousand)                                               (Thousand)




                                                                                                                                                         About Us
Registered, issued and fully paid:

  A shares of RMB1 each                      7,357,604                     7,357,604                  7,357,604                    7,357,604

  H shares of RMB1 each                       1,719,046                     1,719,046                  1,719,046                    1,719,046



Total                                        9,076,650                     9,076,650                  9,076,650                    9,076,650




On 1 June 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering of 1,400,000,000 H shares on the Main Board of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. On 19 June 2015, the Company partially exercised the over-allotment option and issued 162,768,800 H


                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
shares.

According to the relevant requirements of PRC regulators, existing shareholders of the state-owned shares of the Company


                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
have transferred an aggregate number of 156,276,880 state-owned shares of the Company to the National Social Security
Fund of the PRC, and such shares were then converted into H shares on a one-for-one basis.

In July 2018, the Company completed private placement of issuance of 1,088,731,200 new A shares.

On 20 June 2019, the Company completed its issuance of 75,013,636 GDRs, representing 750,136,360 underlying A shares,
and listed on the London Stock Exchange. On 27 June 2019, the Company exercised the over-allotment option and issued
additional 7,501,364 GDRs, representing 75,013,640 underlying A shares. In total, the Company has issued 82,515,000 GDRs,




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
representing 825,150,000 new A shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each. The total paid-up share capital of the Company
after the change is RMB9,076,650,000.

The H shares and GDRs representing A shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing A shares including the right to
receive all dividends and distributions declared or made.


(c) Other equity instruments


                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                            2021                                      2020




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Perpetual subordinated bonds                                                            9,996,425                                          -




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                345
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As approved by the CSRC, the Company issued three batches of perpetual subordinated bonds (“21 Huatai Y1”, “21 Huatai Y2”
          and “21 Huatai Y3”) with an initial interest rate of 3.85%, 4.00%, 3.80% on 15 September 2021, 26 October 2021 and 16 November
          2021, respectively. The perpetual subordinated bonds have no fixed maturity dates and the Company has an option
          to redeem the bonds at principal amounts plus any accrued interest on the fifth interest payment date or any interest
          payment date afterwards.

          The interest rate for perpetual subordinated bonds is fixed in the first 5 years and will be repriced every 5 years. The repriced
          interest rate is determined as the sum of the current base rate and the initial spread plus 300bp. The current base rate is
          defined as the average yield of 5 years treasury from the interbank fixed rate bond yield curve published on China Bond
          webpage 5 working days before the adjustment.

          The issuer has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest payments, so that at each
          interest payment date, the issuer may choose to defer the interest payment to the next payment date for the current period
          as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred, without being subject to any limitation with respect to the
          number of deferrals. Of which, mandatory interest payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary equity
          holders and reductions of registered capital. As of 31 December 2021, the Company does not recognise any interest payable
          to the perpetual subordinated bonds in dividend payable.

          The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified as equity instruments and presented under equity
          in the Group’s statement of financial position.


          (d) Treasury shares


                                                          As at                  Increase                Decrease                     As at
                                                 1 January 2021              for the year              for the year        31 December 2021



          Share repurchase                            1,626,546                   48,964                 (839,708)                  835,802
          Restricted Share Incentive
                                                              -                   413,941                  (18,196)                 395,745
            Scheme of A Shares



          Total                                       1,626,546                  462,905                 (857,904)                  1,231,547




          On 30 March 2020, the fifth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company approved the Resolution on
          Repurchase of A Shares through Centralized Price Bidding, planned to repurchase no less than 45,383,250 A shares and
          no more than 90,766,500 A shares in the next 12 months, which will be used for Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
          Shares. On 8 January 2021, the Company completed the repurchase. During the repurchase period, the Company has
          accumulatively made an actual repurchase of 90,766,495 A Shares of the Company.

          On 23 March 2021, the Company convened the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board and the eighth meeting
          of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee, at which the Resolution on Adjustment to the Matters Pertaining to
          the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company and the Resolution on Granting Restricted A Shares
          to Incentive Participants were considered and approved to set out the Grant Date on 29 March 2021, when 45,488,000
          restricted A Shares were granted to 810 eligible Incentive Participants at the Grant Price of RMB9.10 per share. On 30 March
          2021, the Company received RMB414 million subscription funds paid by 810 incentive participants. The funds have been
          verified by an accounting firm and a capital verification report has been issued.

          On 22 June 2021, pursuant to the resolution of the 2020 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, cash dividend of RMB4.00
          (tax included) per 10 shares was distributed based on 9,076,650,000 shares deducting the actual number of shares entitled
          to the dividend distribution (exclusive of A shares of the Company in the repurchased securities account). The total
          amount of RMB18 million cash dividends was distributed to 810 incentive participants. According to the Restricted Share
          Incentive Scheme of A Shares Plan, before the restricted shares unlocked, the incentive participants are eligible to receive
          the cash dividend (after tax). If the conditions for unlocking are not satisfied, the Company has the obligation to repurchase
          the shares. Due to the dividend is revocable, once the unlocking conditions are not met, the incentive participants need to
          return the cash dividend which they have received in waiting period. Therefore, the share repurchase’s obligation is reduced
          accordingly by RMB18 million.




346
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(e) Capital reserve

Capital reserve mainly includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices in excess of face value
and the difference between the considerations of acquisition of equity interests from non-controlling shareholders and the
carrying amount of the proportionate net assets.


(f) Surplus reserve

Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit to the statutory
surplus reserve until the balance reaches 50% of its registered capital.



                                                                                                                                            About Us
Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory reserve may be used to offset accumulated losses, or converted
into capital of provided that the balance of the statutory surplus reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the
registered capital immediately before the capitalisation.


(g) General reserve

General reserve includes general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007, the Company appropriates 10% of its annual net profit to


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
the general risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007 and in compliance with the Securities Law, for the purpose
of covering securities trading losses, the Company appropriates 10% from its annual net profit to the transaction risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC No. 94 Provisional Measures on Supervision and Administration of Risk
Provision of Public Offering of Securities Investment Funds, the Company appropriates 2.5% from its fund custody fee
income to the general risk reserve.

The Company’s subsidiaries appropriate their profits to the general reserve according to the applicable local regulations.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(h) Fair value reserve

The fair value reserve comprises:

- The cumulative net change in the fair value of equity securities designated at FVOCI; and

- The cumulative net change in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI until the assets are derecognised or reclassified. This
amount is adjusted by the amount of loss allowance.


(i) Cash flow hedge reserve

The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
(j) Translation reserve

The translation reserve mainly comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
statements of foreign operations.


(k) Dividends

Pursuant to the resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders dated 22 June 2021, on 6 August 2021, the Company
distributed cash dividends of RMB4.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares, totalling RMB3,613 million based on 9,031,371,505 shares,
the actual number of shares entitled to the dividend distribution (exclusive of A shares of the Company in the repurchased
securities account).




                                                                                                                                   347
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          55 Commitments

          (a) Capital commitments

          Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 not provided for in the consolidated
          financial statements were as follows:



                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                                           2021                                     2020



          Contracted, but not provided for                                              2,469,201                                1,888,359




          The aforementioned capital commitments mainly represent the securities underwriting commitments of the Group.



          56 Interests in structured entities

          (a) Interests in structured entities consolidated by the Group

          Structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly stand for the asset management schemes where the Group involves
          as manager or investment consultant and also as investor. The Group assesses whether the combination of investments it
          holds together with its remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the asset management
          schemes to a level of such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group consolidates 34 and 47 structured entities respectively, which are
          mainly asset management schemes. As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the total assets of the consolidated
          structured entities are RMB 29,375 million and RMB96,479 million, respectively, and the carrying amount of interests held by
          the Group in the consolidated structured entities are RMB 28,329 million and RMB34,831 million, respectively.


          (b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated

          Structured entities for which the Group served as general partner or manager, therefore has power over them during the
          reporting periods are asset management schemes. Except for the structured entities that the Group has consolidated as
          set out in Note 56(a) , the Group’s exposure to the variable returns in the remaining structured entities in which the Group
          has interest are not significant. The Group therefore did not consolidate these structured entities.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities managed by
          the Group amounted to RMB521,972 million and RMB542,764 million, respectively. As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December
          2020, the carrying amount of interests held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are RMB3,403 million
          and RMB1,809 million, respectively.

          During the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, income derived from these unconsolidated structured
          entities held by the Group amounted to RMB1,458 million and RMB999 million, respectively.


          (c) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

          The types of structured entities sponsored by third party institutions that the Group does not consolidate but in which it
          holds interests include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued
          by banks or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
          managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.

          The carrying amount of the related accounts in the consolidated statements of financial position is equal to the maximum
          exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
          as at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, which are listed as below:




348
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                          As at 31 December 2021

                                            Financial assets at FVTPL      Financial assets at FVOCI                       Total



Funds                                                       49,197,876                              -                 49,197,876

Wealth management products                                  16,478,377                         74,532                 16,552,909



Total                                                      65,676,253                          74,532                 65,750,785




                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                                          As at 31 December 2020

                                             Financial assets at FVTPL      Financial assets at FVOCI                      Total



Funds                                                       23,800,198                              -                  23,800,198

Wealth management products                                   10,102,553                    10,586,865                 20,689,418



Total                                                       33,902,751                     10,586,865                 44,489,616




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
57 Outstanding litigations

From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to claims and are parties to legal and regulatory


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
proceedings. As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, based on the court rulings, advices from legal representatives
and management judgement, no provision had been made to the claim amounts. The Group is of the opinion the final
court judgement will not have a significant impact on the Group’s financial position or operations. As at 31 December 2021,
the major legal actions of the Group as the defendant are listed below:

During the year of 2021, the Company, received the arbitration document from Shanghai International Economic and Trade
Arbitration Commission in 2021. Everbright Securities Co., Ltd. carried out 4 bond-pledge agreement repurchase transactions
with HNA Group Finance Co., Ltd.(“HNA Finance”) in December 2018. After the repurchase transaction expired in June 2019,




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
HNA Finance failed to fulfill its repurchase obligation and applied for arbitration, requiring the Company, the broker of the
bond pledge agreement repurchase, to repay the relevant financing, interest and liquidated damages. The total claim
amount is RMB240.15 million. At the date of approval of this report, the first instance was held to hear the case on 29 October
2021, and no verdict has been reached as of the date of this report. According to the opinion of the legal representative and
the judgment of the management, the Group has not accrued any estimated liabilities for the claim amount.

During the year of 2020, the Group’s subsidiary Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. (“Huatai United Securities”) received
the Notice of Legal Action and relevant litigation materials sent by the court. The plaintiffs, China Foreign Economy and
Trade Trust Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Rongtong Capital Management Co., Ltd. and CITIC Trust Co., Ltd., who failed to fully cash its
investment in “2015 public issuance of corporate bonds of Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd. to qualified investors with no more
than RMB2.5 billion”, sued to the Court to require the lead underwriter of the bond (the first defendant) and Huatai United




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Securities, the co-lead underwriter of the bond (the second defendant), to bear joint and several liability for compensation.
The claim amount was RMB23.54 million. At the date of this report, the first instance ruled that Huatai United Securities won
the case and the plaintiff appealed. The second instance was held on 21 January 2022, and no judgment has been made




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
as of the date of this report. According to the opinion of the legal representative and the judgment of the management, the
Group has not accrued any estimated liabilities for the claim amount.

During the year of 2020, the Group’s subsidiary Huatai United Securities received the Notice of Legal Action and relevant
litigation materials sent by Shanghai Financial Court. The plaintiff, Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd., failed to fully
cash its investment in “Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Securities”, sued to the Court to require the manager (the
first defendant), the legal adviser (the second defendant), the rating agency (the third defendant), the issuer (the fourth
defendant) and Huatai United Securities, the financial adviser (the fifth defendant), to bear joint and several liability for
compensation. The claim amount was RMB 598 million. At the date of approval of this report, the first instance was held
three times to hear the case, and no judgment has been made as of the date of this report. According to the opinion of
the legal representative and the judgment of the management, the Group has not accrued any estimated liabilities for the
claim amount.




                                                                                                                                    349
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          58 Related party relationships and transactions

          (a) Relationship of related parties

          (i) Major shareholders

          The detailed information of the transactions and balances with Group’s major shareholders and their subsidiaries is set out
          in Note 58(b)(i).

          (ii) Subsidiaries of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group’s subsidiaries is set out in Note 24.

          (iii) Associates of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group’s associates is set out in Note 25.

          (iv) Joint ventures of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group’s joint ventures is set out in Note 26.

          (v) Other related parties

          Other related parties can be individuals or enterprises, which include members of the Board of Directors, the Board of
          Supervisors and senior management, and close family members of such individuals.




          (b) Related parties transactions and balances

          (i) Transactions between the Group and major shareholders and their subsidiaries:



                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                            2021                                2020



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Financial assets at FVTPL                                                       72,975                               341,337

          Debt investment at amortised cost                                                    -                                62,039

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                            50,018                               43,407

          Other payables and accruals                                                       3,211                                 3,211

          Accounts receivable                                                                598                                     -




350
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                 2021                                2020



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                       21,663                                9,075

Net investment gains                                                            29,134                               16,992

Interest income                                                                   780                                  5,011

Interest expenses                                                                   -                                   1,181




                                                                                                                                         About Us
During the year of 2021 and 2020, the Group has subscribed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB40
million and RMB100 million, respectively.

During the year of 2021 and 2020, the Group has redeemed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB363
million and RMB 235 million, respectively.

During the year of 2021 and 2020, the Group has taken placements from other financial institutions with major shareholders
and their subsidiaries for the total amounts of RMB nil and RMB2,500 million, respectively.



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
(ii) Transactions between the Group and associates:




                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                                 2021                                2020



Balances at the end of the year:



Cash and bank balances                                                        467,782                               277,361

Right-of-use assets                                                            92,992                                130,112




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Accounts receivable                                                            271,617                              138,386

Other receivables and prepayments                                                1,053                                 368

Financial assets at FVTPL                                                       9,523                                 8,681

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                          49,609                                12,553

Placements from other financial institutions                                 1,500,330                               500,211

Short-term debt instruments issued                                                  -                              1,154,502

Lease liabilities                                                              103,195                              137,850

Contract liabilities                                                                -                                  643




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                351
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2021                                     2020



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                   425,218                                   237,706

          Interest income                                                               7,943                                     7,764

          Net investment losses                                                       (11,842)                                  (31,993)

          Fee and commission expenses                                                       -                                     2,077

          Other income and gains                                                        3,238                                      7,601

          Interest expenses                                                             20,931                                   14,396




          During the year of 2021 and 2020, the Group has redeemed the bonds issued by associates for RMB nil and RMB245 million,
          respectively.

          During the year of 2021 and 2020, the associates have subscribed the short-term debt instruments issued by the Group for
          RMB 454 million and RMB340 million, respectively. The associates have redeemed the short-term debt instruments issued by
          the Group for RMB 1,604 million and RMB 62 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2021 and 2020, the capital injection made by the Group into the associates are RMB413 million and
          RMB889 million, respectively. During the year of 2021 and 2020, the divestment made by the Group from the associates are
          RMB1,137 million and RMB1,516 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2021 and 2020, the Group has made repurchase agreements with associates for the total amount of
          RMB108,865 million and RMB130,925 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2021 and 2020, the Group has taken placements from other financial institutions with associates for the
          total amount of RMB 89,400 million and RMB98,200 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2021 and 2020, the Group has received dividends from associates for the total amounts of RMB1,124 million
          and RMB768 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2021 and 2020, the Group has paid rental fee to associates for the total amounts of RMB51 million and
          RMB32 million, respectively.

          (iii) Transactions between the Group and joint ventures:



                                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                                                         2021                                     2020



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Other receivables and prepayments                                              1,514                                     1,514

          Accounts receivable                                                          24,000                                          -




                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2021                                     2020



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                     19,811                                     19,811




          During the year of 2021, the capital divestment made by the Group from the joint ventures are RMB58 million. During the year
          of 2020, the capital divestment made by the Group from the joint ventures are RMB8 million.




352
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(iv) Transactions between the Group and other related parties:



                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                2021                                     2020



Balances at the end of the year:



Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                           41,311                                    2,817




                                                                           Year ended 31 December                                          About Us
                                                                                2021                                     2020



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                         100                                       49




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(c) Key management personnel remuneration



                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Remuneration for key management personnel of the Group, including amounts paid to the Company’s directors and
supervisors as disclosed in Note 16, is as follows:



                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                                2021                                     2020



Short-term employee benefits




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
 - Fees, salaries, allowances and bonuses                                      53,115                                    34,619

Post-employment benefits

 - Contribution to pension scheme                                               2,529                                    2,025

Share-based payments                                                            11,521                                       -



Total                                                                          67,165                                   36,644




Total remuneration is included in “staff costs” (see Note 10).


(d) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
The related party transactions set out in Note 58(b) which constitute connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are exempt from the disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold under Rule 14A.76(1) and 14A.93.




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
59 Segment reporting

Management manages the business operations by the following segments in accordance with the nature of the operations
and the services provided:

- The wealth management segment engages in the trading of stocks, funds, bonds and futures on behalf of clients, to
provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and asset allocation services. Moreover, the activities
of providing margin financing, securities lending, securities-backed lendings and sell financial products are included in this
segment.

- The institutional services segment mainly provides investment banking business to clients, research and institutional
sales, equity securities investments and transactions, fixed income investments and transactions, OTC financial products




                                                                                                                                  353
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          and transactions.

          - The investment management segment mainly consists of asset management, private equity investment, alternative
          investments and commodities trading and arbitrage.

          - The international business segment mainly includes the overseas business of overseas subsidiaries.

          - Other segments include other operations of head office, mainly including interest income, share of profit of associates
          and joint ventures, interest expenses of working capitals, and costs and expenses of middle offices and back offices.



          (a) Business segments

          For the year ended 31 December 2021



                                           Wealth      Institutional    Investment       International
                                      management           services    management            business           Others                Total



          Revenue

            - External                   23,397,410       12,379,608        3,886,118        7,138,825         1,535,812      48,337,773

            - Inter-segment                  114,272          17,653               -                 -           65,973             197,898

          Other income and gains          2,648,147          98,090         276,044           753,570         (122,423)           3,653,428



          Segment revenue and
            other income                 26,159,829       12,495,351        4,162,162        7,892,395        1,479,362       52,189,099

          Segment expenses             (18,549,453)      (7,574,761)     (1,290,760)       (6,463,785)      (4,657,685)     (38,536,444)



          Segment operating
            profit/(loss)                 7,610,376       4,920,590        2,871,402          1,428,610      (3,178,323)      13,652,655

          Share of profit of
            associates and joint
            ventures                              -            9,831        548,695              1,499        2,069,956            2,629,981



          Profit before income tax        7,610,376        4,930,421       3,420,097          1,430,109      (1,108,367)          16,282,636




          Interest income                 11,868,074        567,861         462,760           537,284         1,335,082            14,771,061

          Interest expenses             (5,436,940)     (2,969,267)        (323,473)         (576,712)       (1,751,410)     (11,057,802)

          Depreciation and
                                          (511,596)       (127,809)         (75,196)        (380,062)         (347,797)       (1,442,460)
           amortisation expenses

          Net (provision for) /
           reversal of impairment        (496,097)            61,305          (1,502)        (85,964)          (25,930)           (548,188)
           loss on financial assets



          Segment assets                288,840,978     302,178,205       34,903,726       141,457,908      138,156,490      905,537,307

          Additions to non-current
           segment assets during           226,085         1,194,803           11,436         272,466         1,280,635           2,985,425
           the year

          Segment liabilities         (285,063,892)    (301,729,678)     (14,441,230)     (128,171,610)     (24,095,113)    (753,501,523)




354
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
For the year ended 31 December 2020



                                 Wealth       Institutional     Investment       International
                            management            services     management            business         Others              Total



Revenue

  - External                    17,965,074        10,421,451       3,759,466         5,842,220       1,593,068       39,581,279

  - Inter-segment                 218,956            37,766                 -                -         43,070           299,792

Other income and gains           1,293,403          65,494            310,631         (291,613)      (367,073)         1,010,842




                                                                                                                                            About Us
Segment revenue and
  other income                  19,477,433        10,524,711       4,070,097         5,550,607       1,269,065        40,891,913

Segment expenses               (14,213,154)     (6,426,891)        (1,756,231)      (5,290,461)    (3,896,320)      (31,583,057)



Segment operating
  profit/(loss)                 5,264,279        4,097,820          2,313,866          260,146     (2,627,255)        9,308,856

Share of profit of
  associates and joint
  ventures                               -            11,986        2,675,170             (63)       1,516,554        4,203,647




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Profit before income tax        5,264,279         4,109,806        4,989,036           260,083       (1,110,701)      13,512,503




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Interest income                 8,439,428          450,740           406,838           616,903       1,093,043        11,006,952

Interest expenses              (3,216,307)       (2,831,617)        (402,861)        (653,087)      (1,314,483)      (8,418,355)

Depreciation and
                                 (394,151)         (112,249)        (66,568)          (322,105)     (490,605)        (1,385,678)
 amortisation expenses

Net reversal of
 impairment loss on                   346                 -                 -                -                -             346
 other assets

Net (provision for) /




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
 reversal of impairment        (1,324,705)           126,317            18,170        (86,540)       (39,450)        (1,306,208)
 loss on financial assets



Segment assets                256,640,781      216,306,068       103,238,486        94,398,197      113,821,676    784,405,208

Additions to non-current
 segment assets during            227,944           62,686             33,801         1,048,830        474,918         1,848,179
 the year

Segment liabilities           (254,171,513)   (214,585,003)      (67,898,374)     (83,388,407)    (32,049,876)     (652,093,173)




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   355
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Reconciliations of segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities:



                                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2021                        2020



          Revenue

          Total revenue and other income for segments                                       52,189,099                   40,891,913

          Elimination of inter-segment revenue                                              (262,695)                     (357,477)



          Consolidated revenue and other income                                             51,926,404                  40,534,436




          Profit

          Total profit before income tax for segments                                       16,282,636                   13,512,503

          Elimination of inter-segment profit                                                 (10,074)                      (8,127)



          Consolidated profit before income tax                                             16,272,562                   13,504,376




                                                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                                                 2021                        2020



          Assets

          Total assets for segments                                                       905,537,307                  784,405,208

          Elimination of inter-segment assets                                            (98,886,474)                  (67,653,973)



          Consolidated total assets                                                       806,650,833                   716,751,235




          Liabilities

          Total liabilities for segments                                                 (753,501,523)                (652,093,173)

          Elimination of inter-segment liabilities                                         98,886,474                   67,653,973



          Consolidated total liabilities                                                 (654,615,049)               (584,439,200)




          For the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group’s customer base is diversified and no customer had
          transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group’s revenue.




356
      (b) Geographical segments

      The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group’s property and equipment, investment
      properties, goodwill, land-use rights and other intangible assets, interest in associates, interest in joint ventures and other non-current assets (“specified non-current assets”). The
      geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical
      location of the asset, in the case of property and equipment and other non-current assets, the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of goodwill, land-use
      rights and other intangible assets, and the location of operations, in the case of interest in associates and interest in joint ventures.



                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2021                                                      Year ended 31 December 2020

                                                    Mainland China                      Overseas                   Total             Mainland China                     Overseas           Total



      Segment Revenue



      Revenue from external customers                     41,197,449                     7,140,324             48,337,773                  33,739,122                     5,842,157   39,581,279

      Other income and gains                              2,835,061                       753,570               3,588,631                   1,244,770                     (291,613)      953,157



      Total                                              44,032,510                     7,893,894              51,926,404                 34,983,892                     5,550,544    40,534,436




                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2021                                                      Year ended 31 December 2020

                                                    Mainland China                      Overseas                   Total             Mainland China                     Overseas           Total



      Specified non-current assets                       26,426,848                      8,973,237            35,400,085                  24,545,028                     8,237,489     32,782,517




357
                                       Financial Report and                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                            Corporate Governance                                                               About Us                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                      and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          60 Financial instruments and risk management

          (a) Risk management policies and structure

          (i) Risk management policies

          In order to enhance the Group’s scientific, standardised and effective management and operation, strengthen the
          capability of defending against risks and ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of the Group’s businesses,
          the Group had formulated the Basic System for Risk Management which had been deliberated and approved by the
          Board of Directors in accordance with the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Rules on Supervision over
          Securities Companies, the Guidelines on the Internal Control of Securities Companies, the Regulation on Comprehensive
          Risk Management of Securities Companies and other relevant regulations in combination with the business operation and
          business management. This has clarified the risk management objectives and principles, the risk appetite and risk tolerance
          level of the Company as a whole and for different risk types, the risk management procedures, and the relevant resource
          assurance and appraisal mechanisms. In terms of operation management, the Group had formulated and issued various
          professional risk management guidelines to clearly establish the management processes and measures, risk indicators
          and limits for various types of risks; in addition, the Group had also formulated policies such as the Administration Measures
          for Risk Control Indicators, the Rules on the Risk Management of Subsidiaries (Trial Implementation) and the Implementation
          Plan and Detailed Implementation Rules for Stress Test at the operation level. In the specific business level, the Group had
          established business risk management system or risk management manual based on the risk points of different business
          areas and business management lines.

          The principal types of risk faced by the Group in daily operation mainly include credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk,
          operational risk, reputational risk, information technology risk, compliance risk and modelling risk. The Group had formulated
          corresponding policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks, and set up risk indicators, risk limits and internal
          risk control processes in combination with the actual circumstances with a view to continuously manage the above risks
          through the support of information systems and effective mechanisms.

          Risk management is a shared responsibility of all the Group’s employees. The Group continuously enhances the risk
          management awareness and risk sensitivity of all its employees through training and assessment to cultivate the risk
          management culture.

          (ii) Risk governance structure

          The risk management structure of the Company covers five major parts: The Board and its Compliance and Risk
          Management Committee, Board of Supervisors, Business Operation Management and Risk Control Committee, Risk
          Management Department and various professional risk management departments as well as other departments, branches
          and subsidiaries.

          The board of directors is the highest decision-making body for risk management and assumes ultimate responsibility for
          the effectiveness of the Company’s comprehensive risk management system. The Compliance and Risk Management
          Committee is set up by the Board to review and make recommendations on the overall risk management targets,
          fundamental policies and risk assessment reports; and evaluate and make recommendations on the risks of major
          decisions which require the Board’s review as well as the solutions to these major risks. The Board of Supervisors is
          responsible for the supervision of overall risk management, supervising and examining the Board and the management on
          the performance of their risk management duties and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorisation and
          approval of the Board and in combination with the operational targets of the Company, the management is specifically
          responsible for the implementation of risk management activities, with the Risk Control Committee established under it. The
          Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for leading the overall risk management initiatives. The Risk Management
          Department is charged with comprehensive risk management duties, it reports to the management and is responsible
          for managing the overall risks of the Company, taking the lead in managing market risk, credit risk and operational risk.
          Relevant functional departments of the Company are responsible for taking the lead in managing other types of risks
          according to their responsibilities and positioning; other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are
          responsible for the management of risks in respective lines, implementing policies, procedures and measures formulated
          by the Company and risk management departments, accepting the guidance from risk management departments
          and the decomposition of risk management and implementation responsibilities by the risk management departments.
          The Audit Department is responsible for the review and evaluation of the effectiveness and implementation of the risk




358
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
management procedures of the Company and taking the lead in evaluating the overall risk management system of the
Company.

(b) Credit risk management

Credit risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from the default of a product or bond issuer or
counterparty (customer). The Company has established a credit risk management system covering self-owned capital and
entrusted funding business. The system is applied to all subsidiaries domestic or overseas, and also to the sub-subsidiaries
managed with reference to the subsidiary’s management approach, thereby achieving full credit risk management
coverage.



                                                                                                                                            About Us
The Group mainly faced four types of credit risks, namely (i) the risks of suffering from loss in respect of the financing bills
and interests lent out due to customer’s default in financing business; (ii) the risks caused by default of the bond issuer in
bond investment business; (iii) the risks of assets suffering from loss due to the default by the counterparty; (iv) the risks
of loss suffered by the Group arising from payment made on customer’s behalf due to insufficient fund of the customer in
guarantee settlement business.

With respect to financing business, the Group adopted full-process control measures such as stringent customer and
underlying assets management, dynamic monitoring and timely risk mitigation to control the credit risk. During the
reporting period, the market was buoyant and the Company’s margin financing and securities lending business continued



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
to grow. The Company implemented stringent risk control processes, conducted special risk inspections on margin
financing and securities lending business, strengthened the counter-cyclical management mechanism, and improved the
standard of differentiated customers management. The amount to be recovered remains at a relatively low level.


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
With respect to bond investment business, the Company established a unified management system for issuers. During
the reporting period, the Company revised and reconstructed the bottom-line control over credit bond investment in key
industries, continued to promote the systematic construction of issuers’ credit risk management modules, and enhanced
the efficiency and pertinence of risk management. At the same time, it also continuously promoted the construction of
implementation of the access mechanism and restriction rules which are linked to rating results of the credit analysis
management system (CAMS system) to improve the consistency of the internal assessment system and enhance the
Group’s overall risk identification and control capabilities.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
With respect to counterparty management, the Company promoted the construction of the unified management system
for counterparty, further expanded the coverage of the unified management of counterparty credit line at group level and
built a full counterparty list system in order to strictly control its business risk exposures. At the same time, the Company
continued to promote the systematic construction of counterparty credit risk management, and gradually realised the
platformisation of counterparty management and related processes.

With respect to guarantee settlement business, the Group incorporated it into the counterparty system for unified
management, and at the same time explored ways to enhance the management system and access threshold
for customer qualifications, continued to improve the front-end control of risk indicator design and promoted the
establishment of systematic measures, as well as strengthened its risk event handling and risk transmission control
capabilities.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
At the same time, the Company promoted the establishment of a unified customer background penetration management
system within the Group. The Company comprehensively collated and released Key Guidelines for Control of Credit Risk in




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Business Operation, and collated the bottom-line measures for strengthening the control of credit risk points. The Company
also continuously refined and improved customer ESG risk management mechanism in accordance with changes in the
external environment, consolidated the unified management system for credit risk, improved the capability to address the
complex external credit business environment, and provided robust risk management control support for the development
of various credit businesses.

The Group provided credit loss allowances for securities-backed lending of financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements. The Group assessed the continuous repayment, solvency and the collateral to loan ratios of the borrowers to
analyse the risk factors and identified the three stages of credit loss allowances of the securities-backed lending assets.
The details are as below:




                                                                                                                                   359
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                              Description                                                            Stage of credit loss allowances



          Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds, with no past     12-month ECL                                Stage I
          due days

          Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds, with less than   Lifetime ECL-not credit impaired            Stage II
          90 days past due on its contractual payments

          Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
          with no past due days

          Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
          with less than 90 days past due on its contractual payments

          Collateral to loan ratios below 100%                                               Lifetime ECL- credit impaired               Stage III

          Collateral to loan ratios above 100%, with more than 90 days past due on its
          contractual payments

          Borrowers in default or lawsuit

          Borrowers in significant financial difficulties or about to bankruptcy or
          undertaking a financial restructuring




          The Group set different force liquidation thresholds, normally no less than 130%, for different borrowers and assets.

          For assets classified under Stage I and II, the Group assessed credit loss allowances using the risk parameters modeling
          approach that incorporated key parameters inclusive of collateral to loan ratios and past due days. The credit loss rate is
          0.25% and 1%-4% for assets classified under Stage I and II, respectively.

          For credit impaired assets classified under Stage III, the Group assessed credit loss allowances taking into account
          the collateral securities under each contract and the financial situation of the borrower. The factors which the Group
          considered when assessing the credit loss allowances included but not limited to: the industry sector of the borrower, the
          stock price of the collateral securities, the average daily trading volume of the stock, the percentage of goodwill of the
          stock issuer, significant risk parameters of the securities, whether the borrowers are the holding shareholders, the liquidity
          and restriction on sales, the history of blacklist or defaults of the borrower, the total market pledged ratios of the stock, the
          collateral situation, and the credit enhancement measures implemented by the borrower. The Group assessed the above
          factors as well as collateral to loan ratios and past due days to evaluate and provide credit loss allowances, ranging from
          10% to 100%.

          (i) Maximum exposure to credit risk

          Maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements:



                                                                                                            As at 31 December

                                                                                                              2021                                           2020



          Debt investment at amortised cost                                                             32,421,516                                       30,411,508

          Refundable deposits                                                                           27,627,129                                      24,763,790

          Accounts receivable                                                                           10,287,174                                       9,095,561

          Other receivables and prepayments                                                               669,662                                         472,655

          Margin accounts receivable                                                                   116,942,245                                     102,574,007

          Financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                                         9,314,699                                       5,267,955

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                  11,751,970                                      19,536,413

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                       169,364,439                                       197,813,082

          Derivative financial assets                                                                   15,247,805                                       7,295,357

          Clearing settlement funds                                                                      8,580,941                                       6,988,396

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                                                    143,640,263                                      124,635,007

          Bank balances                                                                                 37,237,593                                     49,650,839



          Total maximum credit risk exposure                                                          583,085,436                                      578,504,570




360
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
The Group’s credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognised as follows according to
the stage of ECL:



                                                                    As at 31 December 2021

                                                                 Lifetime ECL-                 Lifetime ECL-
Impairment and loss allowance            12-month ECL      not credit impaired               credit impaired          Total



Bank balances                                     1,157                          -                          -          1,157

Margin accounts receivable                    780,028                  1,042,276                      92,007        1,914,311

Financial assets held under resale


                                                                                                                                         About Us
  agreements                                    12,440                           -                   1,106,337      1,118,777

Accounts receivable                                  -                    97,739                            -        97,739

Debt investment measured at
 amortised cost                                 3,480                     11,635                            -         15,115

Financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                    47,736                           -                    49,374          97,110

Other receivables and prepayments                    -                   24,565                      777,490       802,055



Total                                          844,841                  1,176,215                  2,025,208      4,046,264




                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                    As at 31 December 2020

                                                                   Lifetime ECL-                Lifetime ECL-
Impairment and loss allowance            12-month ECL       not credit impaired              credit impaired          Total



Bank balances                                    1,430                           -                          -          1,430

Margin accounts receivable                     355,422                  996,449                        116,380     1,468,251

Financial assets held under resale
  agreements                                     11,996                       135                    1,027,281     1,039,412




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Accounts receivable                                  -                    63,300                            -        63,300

Debt investment measured at
 amortised cost                                   2,911                   25,657                            -        28,568

Financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                    68,019                           -                          -         68,019

Other receivables and prepayments                    -                    25,972                     806,364        832,336



Total                                          439,778                    1,111,513                 1,950,025      3,501,316




(ii) Risk concentrations




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
The Group’s maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements, as
categorised by geographical area:




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                361
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                   By geographical area

                                               Mainland China          Outside Mainland China             Total



          31 December 2021



          Debt investment at amortised cost         32,192,280                            229,236     32,421,516

          Refundable deposits                       24,549,150                       3,077,979        27,627,129

          Accounts receivable                        8,818,900                       1,468,274        10,287,174

          Other receivables and
           prepayments                                 497,259                            172,403       669,662

          Margin accounts receivable               115,449,652                       1,492,593       116,942,245

          Financial assets at fair value
            through other comprehensive
            income                                   5,668,616                       3,646,083        9,314,699

          Financial assets held under resale
            agreements                               9,129,894                       2,622,076        11,751,970

          Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                  141,200,472                     28,163,967      169,364,439

          Derivative financial assets               10,086,591                        5,161,214      15,247,805

          Clearing settlement funds                  8,380,654                            200,287     8,580,941

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage
           clients                                 139,395,629                       4,244,634      143,640,263

          Bank balances                             24,254,221                      12,983,372       37,237,593



          Total maximum credit risk exposure        519,623,318                      63,462,118     583,085,436




                                                                   By geographical area

                                               Mainland China          Outside Mainland China             Total



          31 December 2020



          Debt investment at amortised cost          30,120,021                           291,487     30,411,508

          Refundable deposits                        23,696,138                       1,067,652      24,763,790

          Accounts receivable                        5,960,725                        3,134,836        9,095,561

          Other receivables and
           prepayments                                  318,079                           154,576       472,655

          Margin accounts receivable                 100,819,185                      1,754,822      102,574,007

          Financial assets at fair value
            through other comprehensive
            income                                            -                      5,267,955        5,267,955

          Financial assets held under resale
            agreements                                19,134,247                          402,166     19,536,413

          Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                  142,528,247                     55,284,835       197,813,082

          Derivative financial assets                 1,454,555                      5,840,802         7,295,357

          Clearing settlement funds                   6,388,195                           600,201     6,988,396

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage
           clients                                  120,060,010                      4,574,997       124,635,007

          Bank balances                             42,460,402                        7,190,437      49,650,839



          Total maximum credit risk exposure       492,939,804                      85,564,766      578,504,570




362
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(iii) Credit rating analysis of financial assets

With respect to bond investment business, the Company established a unified management system for issuers for the
aggregated monitoring of the total investment amount of the same issuer for different business units within the Group
through the system and implemented bottom-line control over credit bond investment in key industries. At the same time,
it also continuously promoted the construction of implementation of the access mechanism and restriction rules which are
linked to rating results of the CAMS system to improve the consistency of the internal assessment system and enhance the
Group’s overall risk identification and control capabilities.


(c) Liquidity risk management


                                                                                                                                             About Us
Liquidity risk refers to the risk of the Company not being able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in time to
meet due debts, perform payment obligations and meet the capital requirements of normal businesses. The Company
established a fully functional liquidity risk management system to identify, measure, monitor, control and report on
its overall liquidity risk to improve the informatisation of liquidity risk management, enhance the capabilities in the
identification, measurement and monitoring of liquidity risk, and strengthen the Company’s ability in addressing liquidity risk.
In addition, the Company also established a right-sized liquidity assets reserves based on the risk appetite and maintained
sufficient liquidity assets with high quality to ensure the satisfaction of liquidity needs under stressful scenarios in a timely
manner.



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
The following tables show the details of the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities and derivate financial liabilities. Analysis of non-derivative financial liabilities



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if
floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    363
364



                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2021

                                                                             Overdue/                      More than 1          More than 3         More than 1
                                                            Carrying      repayable on     Less than    month but less       months but less       year but less    More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                           HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial Liabilities                                 amount            demand         1 month    than 3 months            than 1 year       than 5 years       5 years     Undated         Total



      Short-term bank loans                                 8,492,290                -      3,677,352         4,824,071                      -                 -             -          -     8,501,423

      Short-term debt instruments issued                   53,598,658                -     11,887,249        10,933,249             31,316,916                 -             -          -     54,137,414

      Placements from other financial institutions           14,018,721              -     13,645,668          236,091                140,547                  -             -          -    14,022,306

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                147,501,833      147,501,833            -                 -                       -                 -             -          -    147,501,833

      Other payables and accruals                          106,541,835      104,129,946       811,668            56,313               280,156          1,338,650         1,545          -    106,618,278

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                         130,710,001               -    106,860,905        12,815,426              11,174,143                -             -          -   130,850,474

      Derivative financial liabilities                      10,643,222               -      1,699,025         1,217,800             6,382,623          1,343,774             -          -    10,643,222

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
        or loss                                              31,122,918       5,558,208     2,272,315         1,577,020             6,353,157          12,740,818    2,621,400          -     31,122,918

      Long-term bonds                                      133,338,427               -       548,200          7,521,028             31,312,783        97,280,227     8,605,300          -   145,267,538

      Long-term bank loans                                     722,816               -             -              3,723                  11,168         752,596              -          -       767,487



      Total                                                636,690,721      257,189,987   141,402,382        39,184,721            86,971,493        113,456,065     11,228,245         -   649,432,893
                                                                                                                             As at 31 December 2020

                                                                             Overdue/                        More than 1           More than 3         More than 1
                                                            Carrying      repayable on      Less than     month but less        months but less       year but less    More than
      Financial Liabilities                                 amount            demand          1 month     than 3 months             than 1 year       than 5 years       5 years     Undated        Total



      Short-term bank loans                                 11,299,859                 -     6,748,444          3,458,889                1,110,698                -             -          -      11,318,031

      Short-term debt instruments issued                    43,951,388                 -     8,563,804          12,381,730             23,365,612                 -             -          -     44,311,146

      Placements from other financial institutions           4,815,236                 -      3,948,126          869,006                        -                 -             -          -      4,817,132

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                136,387,634       134,493,228       464,729           480,622                 958,017                  -             -          -   136,396,596

      Other payables and accruals                          105,900,966      102,865,940        655,526            86,245                 275,905           2,031,340       96,326          -    106,011,282

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                         139,899,968                 -    118,207,484         6,765,142              15,296,680                 -             -          -   140,269,306

      Derivative financial liabilities                      13,398,830                 -        86,923          2,252,398                1,544,147         9,515,362            -          -    13,398,830

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
        or loss                                              15,381,530         1,176,256      307,786          1,200,000               3,815,036          6,849,314     2,033,138         -     15,381,530

      Long-term bonds                                       97,053,188                 -             -            521,595              14,257,552         89,641,107            -          -   104,420,254

      Long-term bank loans                                     475,414                 -             -              2,674                   8,023           507,504             -          -        518,201



      Total                                                568,564,013      238,535,424     138,982,822         28,018,301             60,631,670       108,544,627      2,129,464         -   576,842,308




365
                                           Financial Report and                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                   About Us                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                             and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (d) Market risk management

          Market risk refers to the risk resulting from the movements in market prices such as exchange rates, interest rates and stock
          prices, which could have an impact on the income of the Group or the value of financial instruments held by the Group.
          The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk within the acceptable range and to
          maximise the risk adjusted return.

          (i) Interest rate risk

          Interest rate risk refers to the risk that movements in market interest rate will cause fluctuation in the Company’s financial
          position and cash flow. The Company’s interest-bearing assets mainly include bank balances, clearing settlement
          funds, margin accounts receivable, financial assets purchased under resale agreements, refundable deposits and
          bond investments; interest-bearing liabilities mainly include short-term bank loans, short-term debt instruments issued,
          placements from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, accounts payable to
          brokerage clients, long-term bonds and long-term bank loans, amongst others.

          For financial instruments held on the balance sheet date that expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk, the Group
          adopts sensitivity analysis as the primary instrument for monitoring interest rate risk. Sensitivity analysis measures the
          effect of any reasonable and potential changes to the interest rate on the net profits and shareholders’ equity under the
          assumption that all the other variables remain constant.




366
      The following tables indicate the assets and liabilities as at the end of the reporting period by the expected next repricing dates or by maturity dates, depending on which is earlier:



                                                                                                                             As at 31 December 2021

                                                                              More than 1 month
                                                               Less than         but less than 3    More than 3 months         More than 1 year but    More than
      Financial assets                                           1 month                months      but less than 1 year          less than 5 years      5 years     Non-interest bearing            Total



      Investment in a joint venture at fair value
        through profit or loss                                         -                       -                       -                          -             -                 823,289          823,289

      Debt investment at amortised cost                          299,958                1,259,997              5,437,854                  15,681,423    9,220,654                 521,630        32,421,516

      Financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                               336,207                 667,300               3,655,158                  3,768,350       741,439                 309,383        9,477,837

      Financial assets held under resale agreements             6,525,631                837,184               4,353,459                          -             -                  35,696        11,751,970

      Refundable deposits                                       3,235,263                      -                       -                          -             -              24,391,866        27,627,129

      Accounts receivable                                              -                       -                       -                          -             -               10,287,174       10,287,174

      Other receivables and prepayments                                -                       -                       -                          -             -                 669,662         669,662

      Margin accounts receivable                                8,002,716             27,380,854              77,263,453                          -             -               4,295,222     116,942,245

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     3,705,934              4,895,760               52,754,191                65,670,791     35,017,149             193,215,347   355,259,172

      Derivative financial assets                                  90,322                      -                       -                          -             -               15,157,483    15,247,805

      Clearing settlement funds                                 8,580,920                      -                       -                          -             -                       21       8,580,941

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                143,459,329                      -                       -                          -             -                 180,934    143,640,263

      Cash and bank balances                                   34,407,577                509,395                2,285,162                         -             -                  35,667        37,237,801



      Total                                                   208,643,857             35,550,490             145,749,277                 85,120,564    44,979,242             249,923,374    769,966,804




367
                                       Financial Report and                                                                 Operating Analysis
                                                                            Corporate Governance                                                                 About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                                and Strategies
368



                                                                                                                    As at 31 December 2021

                                                                      More than 1 month
                                                        Less than        but less than 3    More than 3 months       More than 1 year but     More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                      HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial assets                                    1 month               months      but less than 1 year        less than 5 years       5 years     Non-interest bearing            Total



      Short-term bank loans                            (3,673,889)            (4,813,735)                      -                         -             -                 (4,666)      (8,492,290)

      Short-term debt instruments issued               (11,837,978)          (10,843,375)           (30,637,351)                         -             -               (279,954)     (53,598,658)

      Placements from other financial institutions    (13,638,785)             (235,901)               (140,265)                         -             -                  (3,770)      (14,018,721)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients          (147,489,797)                     -                       -                         -             -                 (12,036)    (147,501,833)

      Other payables and accruals                         (22,155)              (48,904)               (258,354)                (899,687)         (1,456)            (105,311,279)   (106,541,835)

      Financial assets sold under
        repurchase agreements                        (106,689,609)           (12,765,354)            (11,025,524)                        -             -                (229,514)    (130,710,001)

      Derivative financial liabilities                    (95,196)                     -                       -                         -             -             (10,548,026)     (10,643,222)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through
      profit or loss                                   (6,962,429)            (1,577,020)            (5,579,759)               (12,217,046)     (311,096)            (4,475,568)       (31,122,918)

      Long-term bonds                                            -           (7,000,000)            (27,801,790)              (89,119,660)    (7,200,000)             (2,216,977)    (133,338,427)

      Long-term bank loans                                       -                     -                       -                 (722,816)             -                        -        (722,816)



      Total                                          (290,409,838)          (37,284,289)            (75,443,043)             (102,959,209)    (7,512,552)           (123,081,790)    (636,690,721)



      Net interest rate risk exposure                  (81,765,981)           (1,733,799)             70,306,234              (17,838,645)    37,466,690              126,841,584      133,276,083
                                                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2020

                                                                                More than 1 month
                                                              Less than            but less than 3     More than 3 months          More than 1 year but     More than
      Financial assets                                          1 month                   months       but less than 1 year           less than 5 years       5 years     Non-interest bearing           Total



      Investment in a joint venture at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                   -                        -                        -                           -             -                  888,195        888,195

      Debt investment at amortised cost                           830,000                 1,076,858                 9,111,486                  14,531,827    4,458,530                 402,807       30,411,508

      Financial assets at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                        41,253                 437,390                 1,042,922                  3,368,486        297,106                10,759,215     15,946,372

      Financial assets held under resale agreements              14,079,115                887,843                  4,542,121                          -             -                   27,334      19,536,413

      Refundable deposits                                       8,036,970                         -                        -                           -             -               16,726,820     24,763,790

      Accounts receivable                                                -                        -                        -                           -             -                9,095,561       9,095,561

      Other receivables and prepayments                                  -                        -                        -                           -             -                 472,655         472,655

      Margin accounts receivable                                 5,913,898                21,191,268              71,987,533                           -             -                3,481,308     102,574,007

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss      15,104,737              25,378,016                61,180,681                 66,486,061     16,343,392              107,314,225     291,807,112

      Derivative financial assets                                    9,701                        -                        -                           -             -                7,285,656       7,295,357

      Clearing settlement funds                                 6,988,285                         -                        -                           -             -                        111    6,988,396

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                123,054,069                  478,888                  952,933                            -             -                   149,117    124,635,007

      Cash and bank balances                                    40,455,931                8,126,624                 987,002                            -             -                   81,482      49,651,039



      Total                                                   214,513,959                57,576,887             149,804,678                  84,386,374      21,099,028             156,684,486     684,065,412




369
                                       Financial Report and                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                                              Corporate Governance                                                                    About Us                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                                    and Strategies
370



                                                                                                                              As at 31 December 2020

                                                                              More than 1 month
                                                                Less than        but less than 3     More than 3 months        More than 1 year but     More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                                HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial liabilities                                       1 month               months       but less than 1 year         less than 5 years       5 years     Non-interest bearing            Total



      Short-term bank loans                                    (6,735,226)            (3,444,926)               (1,102,637)                        -             -                  (17,070)    (11,299,859)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                        (8,518,234)           (12,320,750)            (22,855,245)                         -             -                (257,159)     (43,951,388)

      Placements from other financial institutions             (3,945,820)              (867,812)                        -                         -             -                   (1,604)     (4,815,236)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                   (134,937,770)             (478,888)               (952,933)                          -             -                 (18,043)    (136,387,634)

      Other payables and accruals                                 (47,570)               (85,388)                (265,110)                  (771,860)     (78,870)             (104,652,168)   (105,900,966)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                            (118,061,442)           (6,595,357)              (14,911,087)                        -             -                (332,082)    (139,899,968)

      Derivative financial liabilities                            (54,708)                      -                        -                         -             -              (13,344,122)    (13,398,830)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
        loss                                                      (517,302)            (1,200,001)             (3,815,037)               (5,696,683)             -               (4,152,507)     (15,381,530)

      Long-term bonds                                                    -                      -              (11,310,000)              (84,384,410)            -               (1,358,778)    (97,053,188)

      Long-term bank loans                                               -                      -                        -                  (475,414)            -                        -        (475,414)



      Total                                                   (272,818,072)          (24,993,122)             (55,212,049)               (91,328,367)     (78,870)             (124,133,533)   (568,564,013)



      Net interest rate risk exposure                          (58,304,113)            32,583,765              94,592,629                 (6,941,993)    21,020,158             32,550,953        115,501,399
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Sensitivity analysis

For those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
reporting period, the Group adopts sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
Group’s net profit and equity. Assuming all other variables remain constant and without taking into consideration of the
management’s activities to reduce interest rate risk, interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:



                                                                              Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                As at 31 December

Move in yield curve                                                                  2021                                2020



Up 100 basis points                                                            (2,135,979)                           (1,611,464)            About Us
Down 100 basis points                                                            2,261,148                            1,685,736




                                                                              Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                As at 31 December

Move in yield curve                                                                  2021                                2020




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Up 100 basis points                                                            (2,203,921)                          (1,678,900)

Down 100 basis points                                                            2,331,929                             1,753,171



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s net profit and equity that would arise
assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-
measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end
of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative
instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group’s net profit and equity is




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates.

(ii) Currency risk

Currency risk is the risk arising from foreign exchange business of the Group, which is attributable to the fluctuation of
foreign exchange rates. Apart from the assets and liabilities held by the Group’s overseas subsidiaries which use Hong
Kong dollars or U.S. dollars as their functional currency, other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
mainly represent foreign currency cash and bank balances held by domestic enterprises, foreign currency financial assets
and liabilities arising from cross-border business, as well as foreign currency financial assets acquired by subsidiaries. In
respect of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as cash and bank balances, clearing settlement
funds, refundable deposits, accounts receivable, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, accounts payable and long-
term bonds that are not accounted for with their functional currency, the Group has ensured that their net risk exposure are




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
maintained at an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at market exchange rates where necessary to
address the short-term imbalances.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   371
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Assuming all other risk variables remained constant and without consideration of risk management measures undertaken
          by the Group, a 10% strengthening of the RMB against USD and HKD at the reporting date would have increased / (decreased)
          the Group’s equity and net profit by the amount shown below, whose effect is in RMB and translated using the spot rate at
          the reporting date:



                                                                                     Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                       As at 31 December

          Currency                                                                          2021                                   2020



          USD                                                                          1,375,888                                  98,163

          HKD                                                                         (594,038)                                (500,808)




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                       As at 31 December

          Currency                                                                          2021                                   2020



          USD                                                                           495,930                                 (853,351)

          HKD                                                                         (699,986)                                 (611,490)




          A 10% weakening of the RMB against the USD and HKD at balance date would have had the equal but opposite effect on
          them to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remained constant.

          Due to the above assumptions, the result of sensitivity analysis on exchange rate changes may be different, compared with
          the actual changes in the Group’s net profit and equity of may arise with this.

          (iii) Price risks

          The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments concluded in financial instruments at
          fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Price risk the
          Group facing is mainly the proportionate fluctuation in the Group’s net profits due to the price fluctuation of the financial
          instruments at fair value through profit or loss and the proportionate fluctuation in the Group’s equity due to the price
          fluctuation of the financial instruments measured at fair value.

          Sensitivity analysis

          The analysis below is performed to show the impact on Group’s net profit and equity due to change in the prices of equity
          securities by 10% with all other variables held constant.




372
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                           Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                  2021                                     2020



Increase by 10%                                                              5,980,478                                 3,409,244

Decrease by 10%                                                            (5,980,478)                                (3,409,244)




                                                                           Sensitivity of net equity




                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                  2021                                     2020



Increase by 10%                                                              5,993,347                                  4,210,964

Decrease by 10%                                                            (5,993,347)                                (4,210,964)




The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s net profit and equity that would arise assuming
that the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end of the reporting period



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to equity
price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also assumed that the fair values of the Group’s equity investments would



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
change in accordance with the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2021 and 2020.


(e) Operational risk management

Operational risk refers to the risk on the Company’s losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal procedures, staff,
system or external events, which lead to inefficient internal procedures, mistakes of staff in operation or failure to strictly
enforce the established procedures. The Risk Management Department takes the lead in managing the operational risk of
the Company. Each risk management departments, business departments and support departments perform operational




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
risk management in their respective business and management areas according to their segregation of functions.
The Company adopts technological measures to prevent the emergence of operational risks in different business and
management procedures as well as key segments, whilst at the same time strengthens process controls, to ensure
effective implementation of operational risk management policies and systems. The Company carries out self-assessment
of risk and control, monitoring of key risk indicators and gathering of loss data as additional approaches to strengthen the
management of operational risks.

Based on the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the CSRC, the National
Audit Office, the China Banking Regulatory Commission and the China Insurance Regulatory Commission as well as its
supporting guidelines and the relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities and the Company, the Company has
developed the risk-based internal control standards and carried out relevant continuous improvement initiatives. It has




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
combined the self-assessment of operational risk with the self-assessment of internal controls; comprehensively sorted
out and evaluated the inherent risks and control activities in various business processes; tested the effectiveness of control
design and implementation; rectified the internal control weaknesses; comprehensively sorted out and optimised various




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
business segments, systems and processes of the Company; whilst at the same time supplemented and improved the
risk control matrix and internal control manual; recorded the risk points, key control activities and major business flow
charts in order to ensure that the Company’s internal control measures are properly in place and the effectiveness of risk
management. In addition, the Company has also integrated the management of operational risk and internal controls into
daily operation; participated in the design of system, procedures and plan for new business throughout the entire process;
fully identified and comprehensively evaluated the operational risks; and performed various pre-, middle- and post
management measures such as setting up front-end controls, standardising business processes, creating risk-discovery
indicators and conducting training and inspection in order to implement internal controls at key risk points.




                                                                                                                                    373
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (f) Capital management

          The Group’s objectives of capital management are:

          (i) To safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern so that they can continue to provide returns for
          shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;

          (ii) To support the Group’s stability and growth;

          (iii) To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of their business; and

          (iv) To comply with the capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States regulations.

          On 23 January 2020 and 16 June 2020, the revised Rules on Standards for the Calculation of Risk Control Indicators of
          Securities Companies and the revised Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies were
          issued by the CSRC (“Revised Administrative Measures”). The Company is required to meet the following standards for risk
          control indicators on a continual basis from 1 June 2020:

          (i) The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its various risk capital provisions shall be no less than 100% (“Ratio 1”);

          (ii) The ratio of net capital divided by net assets shall be no less than 20% (“Ratio 2”);

          (iii) The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio 3”);

          (iv) The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10% (“Ratio 4”);

          (v) The ratio of the value of equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 100% (“Ratio 5”);

          (vi) The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 500% (“Ratio
          6”);

          (vii) The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance sheet and off balance sheet assets shall be no less than 8% (“Ratio
          7”);

          (viii) The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by net cash outflows for the next 30 days shall be no less than 100%
          (“Ratio 8”);

          (ix) The ratio of available stable funds divided by required stable funds shall be no less than 100% (“Ratio 9”); and

          (x) The ratio of margin financing (including securities lending) divided by net capital shall not exceed 400% (“Ratio 10”).

          Net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the Revised Administrative
          Measures.

          As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Company maintained net capital and the above ratios as follows:



                                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2021                                        2020



          Net Capital                                                                       82,314,070                                 67,909,921

          Ratio 1                                                                             246.45%                                      236.68%

          Ratio 2                                                                              64.97%                                      60.65%

          Ratio 3                                                                              21.42%                                       21.86%

          Ratio 4                                                                              32.97%                                       36.04%

          Ratio 5                                                                              49.80%                                       49.91%

          Ratio 6                                                                             291.29%                                      296.70%

          Ratio 7                                                                              15.99%                                       21.08%

          Ratio 8                                                                             169.68%                                      230.31%

          Ratio 9                                                                             126.98%                                      130.22%

          Ratio 10                                                                            175.89%                                       194.19%




374
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Similar to the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Group are also subject to capital requirements under the Mainland
China, Hong Kong and the United States regulatory requirements, respectively. These subsidiaries comply with the capital
requirements during the year ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020.


(g) Transfer of financial assets

The Group transferred financial assets to certain counterparties through repurchase agreements and securities lending.
These securities and margin accounts receivable are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial
position because the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and margin accounts
receivable.


                                                                                                                                              About Us
The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell debt securities classified as financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss, debt investment at amortised cost and margin accounts receivable. Sales and
repurchase agreements are transactions in which the Group sell a security, rights and interests in a margin accounts
receivable and agree to repurchase it at the agreed date and price. The repurchase prices are fixed and the Group is still
exposed to substantially all the credit risks, market risks and rewards of those securities and rights and interests sold. These
securities and margin accounts receivable are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position
because the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial assets.

The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients to lend out its equity securities and exchange-traded



                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
funds classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As stipulated in the securities lending agreements, the
legal ownership of these equity securities and exchange-traded funds is transferred to the clients. Although the clients are



                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
allowed to sell these securities during the covered period, they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at
specified future dates. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks and interests of these securities
and therefore has not derecognised these securities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values of the transferred financial assets that are not
derecognised in their entirety and the associated liabilities:




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                     375
376



      As at 31 December 2021
                                                                                                                                                                                   HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                                                  Margin accounts          Debt investment at
                                                  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             receivable                amortised cost             Total

                                                    Sales and repurchase                                       Margin loans receivable     Sales and repurchase
                                                             agreements                 Securities lending         backed repurchase                agreements



      Carrying amount of transferred assets                        5,014,218                       5,156,319                          -                 1,097,169     11,267,706

      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                 (4,635,158)                               -                           -               (1,019,936)   (5,655,094)



      Net position                                                  379,060                        5,156,319                          -                   77,233       5,612,612




      As at 31 December 2020



                                                                                                                     Margin accounts         Debt investment at
                                                      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                              Total
                                                                                                                           receivable           amortised cost

                                                    Sales and repurchase                                       Margin loans receivable     Sales and repurchase
                                                                                        Securities lending
                                                             agreements                                            backed repurchase                agreements



      Carrying amount of transferred assets                        2,649,170                      5,426,439                      311,411                 317,882      8,704,902

      Carrying amount of associated liabilities                  (2,484,314)                              -                   (300,321)                (294,586)     (3,079,221)



      Net position                                                   164,856                      5,426,439                      11,090                   23,296      5,625,681
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
61 Fair value information

(a) Fair value of financial instruments

The Group adopts the following methods and assumptions when evaluating fair value:

(i) Financial assets including cash and bank balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, clearing settlement funds,
financial assets held under resale agreements, current debt investment at amortised cost and financial liabilities including
placements from other financial institutions, short-term debt instruments issued, short-term bank loans and financial assets
sold under repurchase agreements are mainly short-term financing or floating interest rate instruments. Accordingly, the
carrying amounts approximate the fair value.

(ii) Financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss, derivatives and financial assets at fair value through other                  About Us
comprehensive income are stated at fair value unless the fair value cannot be reliably measured. For the financial
instruments traded in active open markets, the Group uses market prices or market rates as the best estimate for their fair
value. For the financial instruments without any market price or market rate, the Group determines the fair value of these
financial assets and financial liabilities by discounted cash flow or other valuation methods.

(iii) The fair value of non-current debt investment at amortised cost investments and long-term bonds are determined with
reference to the available market prices or quotes from brokers or agents. If there is no quoted market price in an active



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
market, the Group refers to the yield of financial instruments with similar characteristics such as credit risk and maturity, to
estimate the fair value using pricing models or discounted cash flow.




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
(iv) Accounts receivable, margin accounts receivable, and accounts payable to brokerage clients are within one year.
Accordingly, the carrying amounts approximate the fair value.


(b) Fair value of other financial instruments (carried at other than fair value)

The carrying amount and fair value of debt investment at amortised cost investment, short-term debt instruments issued
and long-term bonds which are not presented at fair value are listed as below:




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Carrying amount

                                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                                  2021                                       2020



Financial assets

  - Debt investment at amortised cost                                        32,421,516                                  30,411,508



Total                                                                        32,421,516                                  30,411,508




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Financial liabilities

  - Short-term debt instruments issued                                    (53,598,658)                                (43,951,388)




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
  - Long-term bonds                                                       (133,338,427)                               (97,053,188)



Total                                                                     (186,937,085)                               (141,004,576)




                                                                                                                                      377
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Fair value


                                                                                 As at 31 December 2021

                                                            Level I                 Level II                   Level III          Total



          Financial assets

            - Debt investment at amortised cost                    -              32,781,490                           -     32,781,490



          Total                                                    -              32,781,490                           -     32,781,490



          Financial liabilities

            - Short-term debt instruments issued         37,277,709                         -                16,325,123      53,602,832

            - Long-term bonds                           112,667,024                6,100,632                 15,447,590      134,215,246



          Total                                         149,944,733                6,100,632                  31,772,713     187,818,078




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2020

                                                             Level I                 Level II                  Level III          Total



          Financial assets

            - Debt investment at amortised cost           9,917,696               20,490,979                           -     30,408,675



          Total                                           9,917,696               20,490,979                           -     30,408,675



          Financial liabilities

            - Short-term debt instruments issued         18,490,590                5,009,910                 20,444,719       43,945,219

            - Long-term bonds                            84,601,075                6,085,902                  6,180,994       96,867,971



          Total                                          103,091,665               11,095,812                26,625,713       140,813,190




          The fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities included in the level II and III categories above have been
          determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the
          most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties.

          Except for the above, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
          liabilities recorded at amortised cost less impairment in the Group’s consolidated statements of financial position
          approximate their fair value.




378
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(c) Fair value hierarchy

The table below analyses financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, by the level in
the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised. It does not include fair value information for
financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of
fair value.



                                                                     As at 31 December 2021

                                                  Level I               Level II                 Level III               Total




                                                                                                                                            About Us
Assets

Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss

  - Debt securities                           1,478,884            158,618,052                  499,955            160,596,891

  - Equity securities                         111,833,214            6,166,907                 4,122,063            122,122,184

  - Funds                                     48,717,822               916,923                          -          49,634,745

  - Wealth management products                         -             19,294,123                         -           19,294,123

  - Loan and advances                                  -                      -                 3,611,229            3,611,229

Financial assets at fair value through



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
  other comprehensive income

  - Debt securities                                    -             8,405,174                          -            8,405,174




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
  - Equity securities                                  -                74,532                   88,606                163,138

  - Loan and advances                                  -                      -                 909,525               909,525

Other investment

  - Unlisted investment in a
    joint venture                                      -                      -                  823,289              823,289

Derivative financial assets                       72,207             12,495,885                 2,679,713           15,247,805



Total                                         162,102,127           205,971,596                12,734,380          380,808,103




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through
  profit or loss

  - Financial liabilities held for trading     (523,841)           (26,647,350)                          -          (27,171,191)

  - Financial liabilities designated at
     fair value through profit or loss         (249,712)               (95,161)               (3,606,854)           (3,951,727)

Derivative financial liabilities                (79,678)             (8,411,922)               (2,151,622)         (10,643,222)



Total                                          (853,231)           (35,154,433)               (5,758,476)          (41,766,140)




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   379
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2020

                                                            Level I                 Level II                Level III                   Total



          Assets

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss

            - Debt securities                            27,242,316              160,410,227                684,259               188,336,802

            - Equity securities                          56,248,721               3,653,328                3,806,541              63,708,590

            - Funds                                      23,690,715                  719,160                        -             24,409,875

            - Wealth management products                          -               7,499,053                3,802,951               11,302,004

            - Loan and advances                                   -                        -               4,049,841                4,049,841

          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income

            - Debt securities                                     -               4,390,712                         -               4,390,712

            - Equity securities                                   -              10,586,865                   91,552                10,678,417

            - Loan and advances                                   -                       -                 877,243                  877,243

          Other investment

            - Unlisted investment in a
              joint venture                                       -                       -                  888,195                  888,195

          Derivative financial assets                        117,320               6,775,882                  402,155               7,295,357



          Total                                          107,299,072             194,035,227               14,602,737             315,937,036



          Liabilities

          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss

            - Financial liabilities held for trading       (240,151)             (11,229,022)                       -              (11,469,173)

            - Financial liabilities designated at
               fair value through profit or loss           (571,186)                (157,153)              (3,184,018)             (3,912,357)

          Derivative financial liabilities                 (253,515)             (11,636,722)             (1,508,593)             (13,398,830)



          Total                                          (1,064,852)            (23,022,897)               (4,692,611)           (28,780,360)




          For the year ended 31 December 2021 and year ended 31 December 2020, there was a transfer of amount RMB2,509 and
          RMB761 million from Level II to Level I due to its lifting of restricted stocks, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2021
          and year ended 31 December 2020, the transfers into or out of Level III fair value measurements were resulted from the
          changes of inputs in fair value measurements.

          (i) Financial instruments in Level I

          The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the
          statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an
          exchange, dealer, broker and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length
          basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the closing price within bid-ask spread. These
          instruments are included in Level I. Instruments included in Level I comprise primarily securities traded on the Shanghai
          Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and the
          corresponding liabilities of the securities.




380
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(ii) Financial instruments in Level II and Level III

The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques.
These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible
on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
included in Level II.

If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level III.

(iii) Valuation methods for specific investments

As at 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, the Group’s valuation methods for specific investments are as follows:

(1) For exchange-listed equity securities, fair value is determined based on the closing price of the equity securities as at             About Us
the reporting date within bid-ask spread. For those which has no quoted market price or those with lock-up periods as at
the reporting date, valuation techniques are used to determine the fair value.

(2) For exchange-listed investment funds, fair value is determined based on the closing price within bid-ask spread as at
the reporting date or the most recent trading date. For open-end funds and wealth management products, fair value is
determined by trading price which is based on the net asset value as at the reporting date.

(3) For debt securities listed through exchanges, fair value is determined based on the closing price within bid-ask spread


                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
of the debt securities at the date of statements of financial position.

(4) For debt securities traded through the inter-bank bond market and OTC market, fair value is determined using valuation


                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
techniques.

(5) For unlisted equity securities, wealth management products without quoted bid price in an active market, loan and
advances, gold leasing and OTC derivative financial instruments, fair value is determined using valuation techniques.




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 381
382



      (iv) Financial instruments in Level III

      The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurement in Level III of the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                                                                                                                                                              HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                 Financial assets at fair                  Financial assets at fair                            Financial liabilities
                                                 value through profit or          Other       value through other     Derivative financial   at fair value through     Derivative financial
                                                                    loss    investment    comprehensive income                      assets            profit or loss              liabilities        Total



      As at 1 January 2021                                     12,343,592       888,195                    968,795                 402,155               (3,184,018)             (1,508,593)      9,910,126

      Gains or losses for the year                            (1,537,609)      (64,906)                      10,357               756,736                 (563,382)              (2,026,714)    (3,425,518)

      Changes in fair value recognised in
       other comprehensive income                                       -             -                     (9,757)                      -                         -                  20,164         10,407

      Purchases                                                6,628,925              -                    566,508                294,056                          -               (344,153)      7,145,336

      Sales and settlements                                   (9,201,661)             -                  (537,772)               1,226,766                  140,546                1,707,674    (6,664,447)



      As at 31 December 2021                                    8,233,247       823,289                     998,131              2,679,713             (3,606,854)                (2,151,622)    6,975,904



      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for assets/
        liability held at the end of the
        reporting period                                     (1,809,940)       (64,906)                           -              2,182,267                (165,692)                 (882,112)    (740,383)
                                                 Financial assets at fair                     Financial assets at fair                               Financial liabilities
                                                 value through profit or             Other       value through other        Derivative financial   at fair value through         Derivative financial
                                                                    loss       investment    comprehensive income                         assets            profit or loss                  liabilities         Total



      As at 1 January 2020                                      7,799,347                -                    1,088,061                  775,442              (2,690,563)                    (542,972)       6,429,315

      Gains or losses for the year                                503,144           46,555                     158,545                   237,494                 (695,601)                   (2,511,145)   (2,261,008)

      Changes in fair value recognised in
       other comprehensive income                                       -                -                      (2,871)                        -                         -                    (34,348)        (37,219)

      Purchases                                                 8,083,217          841,640                    856,485                    157,209                         -                     398,369      10,336,920

      Sales and settlements                                    (4,042,116)               -                   (1,131,425)               (767,990)                   202,146                     1,181,503   (4,557,882)



      As at 31 December 2020                                   12,343,592          888,195                    968,795                    402,155                (3,184,018)                 (1,508,593)      9,910,126



      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for assets/
        liability held at the end of the
        reporting period                                           211,830          46,555                            -                 539,665                  (592,401)                  (1,377,622)      (1,171,973)




383
                                        Financial Report and                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                             Corporate Governance                                                                             About Us                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                              and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          For financial instruments in Level III, prices are determined using valuation methodologies such as discounted cash flow
          models and other similar techniques. Determinations to classify fair value measures within Level III of the valuation hierarchy
          are generally based on the significance of the unobservable inputs to the overall fair value measurement. The following
          table presents the related valuation techniques and inputs of the major financial instruments in Level III.



                                                                          Valuation technique(s) and        Significant unobservable        Relationship of unobservable
          Financial assets and liabilities       Fair value hierarchy                    key input(s)                       input(s)                input(s) to fair value



          Wealth management
           products, loan and                                                                                                                 The higher the risk adjusted
           advances and private                                                                                                               discount rate, the lower the
           placement bonds                                    Level III   Discounted cash flow model       Risk adjusted discount rate                           fair value



                                                                                  Market comparable                Discount for lack of       The higher the discount, the
          Unlisted equity investment                          Level III                   companies                     marketability                 lower the fair value



          Financial liabilities arising from                                     Market comparable
            consolidation of private                                      companies of the underlying              Discount for lack of       The higher the discount, the
            equity funds                                      Level III                     portfolios                  marketability                 lower the fair value



                                                                                                                                                       The higher the price
                                                                          Black-Scholes option pricing     Price volatility of underlying          volatility,the greater the
          Over-the-counter derivatives                        Level III                        model                              assets          impact on the fair value

                                                                                                                                                       The higher the price
                                                                           Monte-Carlo option pricing      Price volatility of underlying          volatility,the greater the
                                                                                              model                               assets          impact on the fair value




          The fair value of the financial instruments in Level III is not significantly sensitive to a reasonable change in these
          unobservable inputs.



          62 Equity-settled share-based transactions


                                                                              As at                    Accrued                     Decrease                        As at
                                                   Note              1 January 2021                for the year                  for the year           31 December 2021



          Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of
          A Shares                                   (a)                            -                     98,209                              -                       98,209
          Share-based payments of an
          overseas subsidiary                        (b)                    1,004,839                    145,481                              -                     1,150,320




          Total                                                             1,004,839                    243,690                              -                    1,248,529




          (a) Restricted share incentive scheme of A shares


          The Company carried out a Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares whereby the Company grant restricted A shares
          to the Incentive Participants in return for their services. Details of the shares of the scheme as at 31 December 2021 are set
          out below:



                                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2021



          Granted during the year                                                                                                                                45,488,000

          Exercised / unlocked during the year                                                                                                                              -

          Forfeited during the year                                                                                                                              (1,024,973)




384
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021
As at 31 December 2021, cumulative amount of RMB98.21 million was recognised in the capital reserve of the Company. The
total expenses recognised for the year ended 31 December 2021 was RMB98.21 million.

The fair value of services received in return for restricted share Incentive scheme is measured by reference to the fair value
of shares. The estimate of the fair value of restricted shares granted is measured based on the closing price of shares at
grant date, which is RMB17.24 per share.


(b) Share-based payments of an overseas subsidiary

On 3 July 2019, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. granted the equity incentive plan (“the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan”). The
2019 Equity Incentive Plan was effective on 17 July 2019, i.e. the effective date of the S-1 registration form of the Initial Public


                                                                                                                                                About Us
Offering (“IPO”).

(i) Restricted Stock Awards (RSAs)

On 17 July 2019, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. granted the original holders of Class C Common Unites Restricted Stock
Awards equal to 6,309,049 shares of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. common stock. The Restricted Stock Awards are
subject to the same vesting schedule as the Class C Common Units of AssetMark Holdings, LLC.

(ii) Stock Options




                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
In connection with the IPO, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. issued options to certain officers to acquire an aggregate of
918,981 shares of the common stock, with an exercise price of USD22 per share. Each of these options is scheduled to vest
and become exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of 18 July 2019. AssetMark


                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Financial Holdings, Inc. uses the Black-Scholes options pricing model to estimate the fair value of Stock Options.

(iii) Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)

In connection with the IPO, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. issued Restricted Stock Units to certain officers covering an
aggregate of 85,737 shares of the common stock. Each of these Restricted Stock Units is scheduled to vest in substantially
equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of 18 July 2019. During 2020 and 2021 AssetMark Financial Holdings,
Inc. issued RSUs to all officers, certain employees and independent directors of the board, respectively. Most of these RSUs




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
are scheduled to vest in substantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant.

(iv) Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs)

On 9 June 2020, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. issued stock appreciation to certain officers with respect to 831,902 shares
of its common stock under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. Each SAR has a strike price equal to the fair market value of the
common stock of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. on the date of grant and is scheduled to vest and become exercisable
insubstantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of 9 June 2020. Upon exercise, each of these SARs
will be settled in shares of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. common stock with a value equal to the excess, if any, of the
fair market value of its common stock measured on the exercise date over the strike price. In July 2021, the Company issued
SARs to certain officers. Each SAR has a strike price equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its common stock
measured on the exercise date over the strike price and is scheduled to vest and become exercisable in substantially equal




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant.




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                       385
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          63 Company-level statement of financial position


                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                  Note          2021                      2020



          Non-current assets

          Property and equipment                                           3,615,505                  3,427,464

          Investment properties                                            1,076,056                    1,216,252

          Land-use rights and other intangible assets                        703,870                    490,003

          Investments in subsidiaries                                     19,374,962                  19,374,962

          Interest in associates                                          14,340,539                    11,317,184

          Debt investment at amortised cost                               25,070,430                  18,959,784

          Financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                           3,045,464                 10,540,968

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              413,575                    973,587

          Refundable deposits                                              11,592,545                 9,876,632

          Deferred tax assets                                                 95,545                            -

          Other non-current assets                                            236,102                   254,168



          Total non-current assets                                        79,564,593                  76,431,004



          Current assets

          Accounts receivable                                                11,111,192                6,872,139

          Other receivables and prepayments                                6,808,866                   6,001,078

          Margin accounts receivable                                     115,449,652                 100,819,185

          Debt investment at amortised cost                                 7,121,850                  11,160,237

          Financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                           2,675,847                            -

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                    7,626,638                  9,983,827

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          244,323,460                 182,706,227

          Derivative financial assets                                      12,156,185                  7,583,195

          Clearing settlement funds                                        12,162,040                 9,535,564

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                        113,995,438                 101,415,279

          Cash and bank balances                                            13,174,219                11,830,586



          Total current assets                                           546,605,387                 447,907,317



          Total assets                                                   626,169,980                 524,338,321




386
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                           As at 31 December

                                                             Note         2021                       2020



Current liabilities

Short-term debt instruments issued                                   51,885,570                 43,720,163

Placements from other financial institutions                          14,018,721                 4,815,236

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                               109,926,597                 100,723,551

Employee benefits payable                                             2,492,361                   1,832,973

Other payables and accruals                                          79,333,190                 35,725,842

Current tax liabilities                                                340,426                     853,166


                                                                                                                         About Us
Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                    102,461,714                120,402,891

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            3,345,837                            -

Derivative financial liabilities                                      11,156,741                 6,906,379

Long-term bonds due within one year                                   32,173,714                 11,419,059



Total current liabilities                                           407,134,871                326,399,260



Net current assets                                                  139,470,516                 121,508,057



Total assets less current liabilities                               219,035,109                 197,939,061           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Non-current liabilities

Long-term bonds                                                     86,457,372                  79,734,524

Non-current employee benefits payable                                5,405,693                   5,619,040

Deferred tax liabilities                                                      -                    150,743

Other payable and accruals                                             469,962                    463,243



Total non-current liabilities                                        92,333,027                 85,967,550




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Net assets                                                          126,702,082                   111,971,511




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                387
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                 Note                                    2021                                                     2020



          Equity

          Share capital                                         54(b)                               9,076,650                                                9,076,650

          Other equity instruments                                                                  9,989,057                                                           -

          Treasury shares                                                                          (1,231,547)                                              (1,626,546)

          Reserves                                                                                 88,864,390                                               86,916,959

          Retained profits                                                                         20,003,532                                                17,604,448



          Total equity                                                                             126,702,082                                                 111,971,511




          Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2022.


          Zhang Wei                                                                                       Zhou Yi

          Chairman of the Board,Director                                                                  Director,Chief Executive Officer,

                                                                                                          Chairman of the Executive Committee



          64 Possible impact of amendments, new standards and interpretations issued but not yet
          effective for the year ended 31 December 2021

          Up to date of issue of these financial statements, the IASB has issued a number of amendments, and a new standard, IFRS
          17, insurance contracts, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2021 and have not been adopted in
          these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to the Group.



                                                                                                                Effective for accounting periods beginning on or after



          Amendments to IFRS 3, Reference to the Conceptual Framework                                                                                   1 January 2022

          Amendments to IAS 16, Property, Plant and Equipment Proceeds before Intended Use                                                              1 January 2022

          Amendments to IAS 37, Onerous Contracts —— Costing of Fulfiling a Contract                                                                    1 January 2022

          Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020 Cycle                                                                                                  1 January 2022

          Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (Amendments to IAS 1)                                                                 1 January 2023

          IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts and Amendments to IFRS 17 Insurance Contracts                                                                     1 January 2023

          Disclosure of Accounting Policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2)                                                         1 January 2023

          Definition of Accounting Estimates (Amendments to IAS 8)                                                                                      1 January 2023

          Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
                                                                                                                                                        1 January 2023
          (Amendments to IAS 12)

          Sales or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture
                                                                                                                                        Available for optional adoption
          (Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28)




          The Group is in the process of making an assessment what the impact of these amendments is expected to be in the
          period of initial application. So far it has been concluded that the adoption of them is unlikely to have a significant impact
          on the Group’s results of operations and financial position.




388
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
65 Events after the reporting date

(a) Issuance of bonds

On 17 January 2022, the Company has publicly issued 1+1 year corporate bond with a nominal amount of RMB4 billion,
bearing interest at 2.75% per annum to qualified investors.


On 14 February 2022, the Company has publicly issued 3-year corporate bond with a nominal amount of RMB5 billion,
bearing interest at 2.79% per annum to qualified investors.



                                                                                                                                             About Us
On 3 March 2022, Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International Financial Holdings Limited, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Group, has publicly issued 3-year corporate bond with a nominal amount of USD1 billion, bearing interest
at 2.375% per annum.


On 24 March 2022, Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International Financial Holdings Limited, has
issued four Medium Term Notes, with maturities between 6-month to 9-month, with a total nominal amount of USD300
million, bearing interest of 1.00% to 1.65% per annum.




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
On 25 March 2022, Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International Financial Holdings Limited, has
issued 6-month Medium Term Note with a total nominal amount of USD50 million, bearing interest at 0.95% per annum.




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
(b) Issuance of perpetual subordinated bond

On 26 January 2022, the Company issued the perpetual subordinated bond (“22 Huatai Y1) amounting to RMB2.7 billion
with an initial interest rate of 3.49%. The perpetual subordinated bonds have no fixed maturity dates and the Company has
an option to redeem the bonds at principal amounts plus any accrued interest on the fifth interest payment date or any
interest payment date afterwards.

The interest rate for perpetual subordinated bonds is fixed in the first 5 years and will be repriced every 5 years. The repriced




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
interest rate is determined as the sum of the current base rate and the initial spread plus 300bp. The current base rate is
defined as the average yield of 5 years treasury from the interbank fixed rate bond yield curve published on China Bond
webpage 5 working days before the adjustment.

The issuer has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest payments, so that at each
interest payment date, the issuer may choose to defer the interest payment to the next payment date for the current period
as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred, without being subject to any limitation with respect to the
number of deferrals. Of which, mandatory interest payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary equity
holders and reductions of registered capital.


(c) Provision of debt guarantees for contingent liabilities formed and financial implications after
accounting periods



                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
In March 2022, the Company, as guarantor, entered into a guarantee agreement with Citi International Limited (as trustee)
to provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for the USD1 billion Bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
subsidiary of the Group. The amount of the guarantee shall not exceed the principal, interest and other related expenses of
the above bonds.


(d) Profit distribution plan after accounting periods

On 30 March 2022, based on the total ordinary shares of 9,076,650,000 of the Company deducting 45,278,495 shares
deposited in the Company's special securities account for repurchase and 1,060,973 A shares to be repurchased and
cancelled (i.e. on the basis of 9,030,310,532 shares), the Board proposed cash dividends of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per
10 ordinary shares, with total cash dividend amounting to RMB4,063 million (tax inclusive). The total amount of the
actual dividend distribution will be calculated based on the total number of A shares entitled to dividend distribution on
the registration date of A share shareholders. The proposal is pending for the approval of the general meeting of the
shareholders. The cash dividends are not recognised as a liability as at 31 December 2021.




                                                                                                                                    389
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          INDEX OF DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION

                                                    Financial statements carrying the signature and seal of the Company’s legal
                                                    representative, person in charge of accounting and head of accounting department

                                                    Audit report carrying the seal of the accounting firm and the signature and seal of
          Index of Documents for Inspection         the certified public accountant

                                                    Original copies of all documents and announcements of the Company publicly
                                                    disclosed during the Reporting Period

                                                    Articles of Association


                                                                                                       Chairman of the Board: Zhang Wei

                                                                 Date of Submission as Approved by the Board of Directors: March 30, 2022




          INFORMATION DISCLOSURE OF SECURITIES COMPANIES

           I.MAJOR ADMINISTRATIVE APPROVALS OF THE COMPANY

          1. Reply on Opinions Regarding Conducting Commodity Futures Market Making Business by Huatai Securities (Ji Gou Bu Han
          [2021] No. 177) dated January 18, 2021;

          2. Approval for Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Futures (Draft) (Su Cai Jin [2021] No. 12) dated
          January 29, 2021;

          3. Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2021] No. 2918) dated September 6, 2021;

          4. Letter on the Proposed Capital Increase by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Hong Kong Subsidiary (Ji Gou Bu Han [2021] No.
          3320) dated October 28, 2021;

          5. Regulatory Opinions on Application for Conducting Pilot Business of Account Management Function Optimization by
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Ji Gou Bu Han [2021] No. 3756) dated November 30, 2021.



           II. RESULTS OF CLASSIFICATION BY REGULATORY AUTHORITIES

          1. In 2019, the Company was rated Class AA under Category A according to the classification of securities companies.

          2. In 2020, the Company was rated Class AA under Category A according to the classification of securities companies.

          3. In 2021, the Company was rated Class AA under Category A according to the classification of securities companies.




390
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021

APPENDIX

 I. MAIN BUSINESS QUALIFICATIONS

The Company was entitled to become the members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
Beijing Stock Exchange, and Securities Association of China, to engage in the clearing of warrants of China Securities
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and to participate in the clearing of China Securities Depository and Clearing


                                                                                                                                                                About Us
Corporation Limited. Besides, the Company also has the following main business qualifications:



 No.                                        Type of License                                           Approval Department                 Years



  1     National interbank market access qualification                                                        PBOC                     January 2000

  2     Qualification for online entrusted securities brokerage business                                      CSRC                       May 2001

  3     Qualification for distributing open-end securities investment funds                                   CSRC                    February 2003

  4     Qualification for entrusted investment management business                                            CSRC                     March 2003




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                                                    Jiangsu Communications
  5     Value-added telecommunications business license                                                                                  July 2004
                                                                                                         Administration
  6     Pilot securities firm for relevant innovative activities                                  Securities Association of China      March 2005




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
  7     Qualification for underwriting short-term financing bills                                             PBOC                     August 2005
                                                                                                     State Administration of
  8     License for foreign exchange operation in the securities business                                                             November 2006
                                                                                                        Foreign Exchange
  9     Foreign exchange registration certificate for overseas investment                       Jiangsu Provincial Bureau of SAFE     December 2006

 10     Qualification for agency business of stock transfer                                       Securities Association of China       June 2007
        Qualification of tier-1 dealer on the integrated e-platform for fixed income
  11                                                                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange            August 2007
        securities
        Qualified domestic institutional investor (QDII) qualification for overseas
 12                                                                                                           CSRC                    December 2007
        securities investment management business
        Qualification to provide intermediary introduction business for Great Wall Weiye
 13                                                                                                           CSRC                      April 2008




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
        Futures Co., Ltd.
 14     Qualified investor qualification in block trade system                                      Shanghai Stock Exchange             June 2008
        Qualification to incorporate wholly-owned specialized subsidiaries to engage in
 15                                                                                                           CSRC                       July 2008
        direct investment business
 16     Obtain a stock index futures trading code and a hedging limit                           China Financial Futures Exchange        June 2010

  17    Pilot program of securities margin trading                                                            CSRC                      June 2010
        Qualification of the dealer for credit risk mitigation tools and creator for credit      National Association of Financial
 18                                                                                                                                   December 2010
        risk mitigation certificates                                                              Market Institutional Investors
        Change the securities brokerage business (the business in Jiangsu, Shanghai,
        Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei,
        Henan, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Xinjiang, Qinghai only)
        within the original business scope to securities brokerage business, change
 19     the securities underwriting and sponsorship business (the relevant business                           CSRC                      August 2011
        on the Shanghai Stock Exchange only) to securities underwriting business (the
        underwriting of government bonds, debt financing instruments of non-financial




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
        enterprises only), and reduce the financial advisory business relating to securities
        trading and securities investment activities
                                                                                                        China Insurance
 20     Provide trading seats to insurance institutional investors                                                                     January 2012
                                                                                                     Regulatory Commission




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
  21    Pilot program of bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                   CSRC                     January 2012

 22     Bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                          Shanghai Stock Exchange            February 2012

 23     CSI 300ETF liquidity service provider                                                       Shanghai Stock Exchange              May 2012

 24     Innovative brokerage deposit business                                                                 CSRC                      June 2012
        Participate in interest rate swap trading by using the Company’s proprietary
 25                                                                                            Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau    August 2012
        funds
                                                                                                     China Securities Finance
 26     Pilot program of margin refinancing                                                                                            August 2012
                                                                                                       Corporation Limited
 27     Pilot program of agreed repurchase type securities trading                                            CSRC                    September 2012
        Lead underwriting business for non-financial enterprises debt financing                  National Association of Financial
 28                                                                                                                                   November 2012
        instruments in the interbank market                                                        Market Institutional Investors
        Qualification and transaction code for conducting arbitrage and speculative
 29                                                                                             China Financial Futures Exchange      December 2012
        trading of CSI 300 index-futures
 30     Agency sale of financial products                                                      Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau    January 2013




                                                                                                                                                       391
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.                                     Type of License                                          Approval Department                 Years



            31   Qualification for the agreed repurchase type securities trading business                 Shenzhen Stock Exchange            January 2013
                 Pilot comprehensive custody business for private funds, which can provide
                 comprehensive custody services, such as asset custody, settlement,                        Institutional Supervision
           32                                                                                                                                February 2013
                 computation of net value, investment control, custody report and etc.,for private         Department of the CSRC
                 securities investment funds (limited partnership)
                                                                                                           China Securities Finance
           33    Qualification of margin refinancing business                                                                                February 2013
                                                                                                             Corporation Limited
                                                                                                         China Insurance Regulatory
           34    Insurance fund investment manager                                                                                            March 2013
                                                                                                                Commission
                 Operate recommendation and brokerage business on the National Equities                National Equities Exchange and
           35                                                                                                                                 March 2013
                 Exchange and Quotations as the lead securities firm                                    Quotations Company Limited
                 Qualification to submit filing materials for witnessing the opening of customers’     China Securities Depository and
           36                                                                                                                                  April 2013
                 securities accounts                                                                    Clearing Corporation Limited
                 Qualification of financial bonds (including policy finance bonds) underwriting
           37                                                                                        Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau     June 2013
                 business
                 Conducting stock pledge-style repo transaction business for securities listed on         Shanghai Stock Exchange
           38                                                                                                                                 June 2013
                 the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange                                 and Shenzhen Stock Exchange
           39    Treasury bonds futures business                                                     Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau   September 2013
                 Qualification to conduct treasury bonds futures arbitrage and hedging                CSRC and China Financial Futures
           40                                                                                                                               September 2013
                 businesses                                                                                     Exchange
            41   Qualification to conduct asset management share transfer business                        Shenzhen Stock Exchange           September 2013

           42    Qualification to carry out equity return swaps business                                Securities Association of China     September 2013

           43    Qualification to conduct pre-issuance of treasury bonds                                  Shanghai Stock Exchange            October 2013

           44    Pass the on-site inspection on stock options                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange             June 2014
                 Operate market-making business on the National Equities Exchange and
                                                                                                       National Equities Exchange and
           45    Quotations as a market maker, namely market-making qualification on the                                                       July 2014
                                                                                                        Quotations Company Limited
                 National Equities Exchange and Quotations
           46    Trial market maker on the interbank market                                          National Inter-Bank Funding Center        July 2014

           47    Pilot program of financing by exercising the share incentive scheme business             Shenzhen Stock Exchange            August 2014
                 Qualification of capital payment services for clients that could provide various
                                                                                                         Securities Fund Supervision
           48    payment services for investors such as deposits collection, mobile recharging,                                              August 2014
                                                                                                          Department of the CSRC
                 online store consumption, sales return, water fee and credit card payment
           49    Qualification of custodian for securities investment funds                                         CSRC                    September 2014

           50    Qualification for pilot operations of Internet-based securities business               Securities Association of China     September 2014

            51   OTC qualification                                                                      Securities Association of China     September 2014

           52    Qualification to conduct Southbound trading under A Shares trading seats                 Shanghai Stock Exchange            October 2014

           53    Pilot program on the OTC market                                                        Securities Association of China      October 2014
                 Pilot program of restricted securities lending under share incentive schemes of
           54                                                                                             Shenzhen Stock Exchange           December 2014
                 listed companies
                 Qualification of practicing on an authentic basis and brokerage business for
           55                                                                                             Shenzhen Stock Exchange           December 2014
                 stock option businesses
                 Qualification for stock option trading participant,stock option brokerage and
           56                                                                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange            January 2015
                 proprietary business trading
           57    Qualification for stock options market making business                                             CSRC                     January 2015

           58    Main market maker of SSE 50ETF option contracts                                          Shanghai Stock Exchange            January 2015
                 Qualification of standard interest rate swap and forward centralized settlement
           59                                                                                             Shanghai Clearing House              April 2015
                 of standard bonds
           60    Qualification of participating in the net settlement of bond trade                       Shanghai Clearing House              April 2015
                 Provide private equity with valuation and calculation service, share registration
                                                                                                      Asset Management Association of
            61   service, sales backstage service support and other outsourcing services, as well                                              April 2015
                                                                                                                  China
                 as other value-added services derived from the above services
                 Qualification of pilot innovative business for one-way video verification of          China Securities Depository and
           62                                                                                                                                 June 2015
                 investors’ identities                                                                  Clearing Corporation Limited
                 Permission to conduct Southbound trading under Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock
           63                                                                                             Shenzhen Stock Exchange           November 2016
                 connect
                 Agency qualification for subscription, purchasing and redeeming of gold ETF in
           64                                                                                             Shanghai Gold Exchange              June 2017
                 spot
           65    Pilot program of cross-border business                                                             CSRC                    December 2017

           66    Qualification of tier-1 dealer on OTC options                                                      CSRC                       July 2018

           67    Carry out credit derivatives business                                                              CSRC                    December 2018

           68    Qualification of main market maker of funds listed on the SSE                            Shanghai Stock Exchange            January 2019

           69    Conducting credit protection contract business                                           Shanghai Stock Exchange            February 2019

           70    Conducting market making business of treasury bond futures                                         CSRC                       May 2019
                                                                                                             State Administration
            71   Pilot Program of Foreign Exchange Settlement and Sales Business                                                             August 2019
                                                                                                             of Foreign Exchange




392
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
No.                                   Type of License                                              Approval Department               Years



72    Conducting credit protection certificate business                                           Shanghai Stock Exchange        December 2019

73    Conducting market making business of commodity options                                                CSRC                 December 2019

74    Conducting market making business of stock index options                                              CSRC                 December 2019

75    Conducting pilot fund investment advisory business                                                    CSRC                 February 2020
                                                                                               State Administration of Foreign
76    Conducting agency for trading of foreign exchange Business                                                                   July 2020
                                                                                                        Exchange
                               In 2021, the individual business qualifications obtained by the Company mainly include

 1    Conducting market making business of commodity futures                                                CSRC                  January 2021




                                                                                                                                                          About Us
2     Conducting pilot business of account management function optimization                                 CSRC                 November 2021

3     Engaging in “Southbound Trading” business                                                             PBOC                 December 2021




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                 393
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           II. LIST OF BRANCH OFFICES AND SECURITIES BRANCHES


          1.Establishment of Branch Offices of the Company

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the basic information of the establishment of branch offices of the Company is as
          follows:


                                                                                                                       Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                        Registered
                                                                        capital (or
                                                         Date of         working                  Person in      Contact
           No        Name            Address          establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                               6 &7F, Block A,                                                                                 underwriting of government
                               Feilishidai Square                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
                      Anhui    Commercial                                                                                      of non-financial enterprises
            1                                         August 25, 2014     10,000       230011    Chen Zhijun   0551-64297088
                     Branch    Complex, No. 310                                                                                and financial bonds (including
                               Suixi Road, Luyang                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                               District, Hefei                                                                                 margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                               investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                               financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                               Room 1501, 15/F,                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                     Beijing   Block 28, Fengsheng                                                                             of non-financial enterprises
            2                                          May 28, 2010        500        100032      Zhou Erli     010-63211377
                     Branch    Hutong, Xicheng                                                                                 and financial bonds (including
                               District, Beijing                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                               investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                               financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                                                                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Changzhou     No. 9, North Heping                                                 Yuan                        of non-financial enterprises
            3                                          April 16, 2014     2,000       213003                   0519-81006688
                   Branch      Road, Changzhou                                                    Hongbin                      and financial bonds (including
                                                                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                               investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                               financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                               sale of securities investment
                                                                                                                               funds; margin financing and
                                                                                                                               securities lending business;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products;
                               Unit 10D, Block A,
                                                                                                                               securities underwriting (limited
                               Tefang Portman
                                                                                                                               to ancillary works such as
                      Fujian   Wealth Center, No.81   September 18,                                 Chu
            4                                                             2,000       361004                   0592-2997899    project contracting, project
                     Branch    Zhanhong Road,             2014                                    Rentang
                                                                                                                               information transmission and
                               Siming District,
                                                                                                                               recommendation and customer
                               Xiamen
                                                                                                                               relationship maintenance of
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                                                                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                               of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                               financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                               bank bonds) only).




394
                                                                                                              Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021

                                                                Registered
                                                                capital (or
                                                 Date of         working                  Person in      Contact
No      Name               Address            establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                       underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                       underwriting of government
                    Unit 02, 03, 36/F,                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
     Guangdong      No. 10 Huaxia Road,                                                                                of non-financial enterprises
5                                              May 19, 2012        500        510620      Liu Yong     020-88830128
       Branch       Tianhe District,                                                                                   and financial bonds (including
                    Guangzhou                                                                                          policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                       margin financing and securities


                                                                                                                                                                      About Us
                                                                                                                       lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                       investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                       financial products.

                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                       underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                       underwriting of government
                                                                                                                       bonds, debt financing instruments
                    No. 16, Nongye Road
       Henan                                                                                Tao                        of non-financial enterprises
6                   East, Jinshui District,    April 16, 2014     2,000       450008                   0371-89998299
       Branch                                                                             Mingqing                     and financial bonds (including
                    Zhengzhou
                                                                                                                       policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                       margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                       lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                       of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                       agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                       underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                       underwriting of government
                    3/F, Block B, Aocheng
                                                                                                                       bonds, debt financing instruments
                    International, No.
                                                                                                                       of non-financial enterprises
     Heilongjiang   239 Xuanhua Street,
7                                              May 28, 2010        500         150001    Wang Haibin   0451-51994000   and financial bonds (including
       Branch       Nangang District,
                                                                                                                       policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                    Harbin, Heilongjiang
                                                                                                                       financing and securities lending
                    Province
                                                                                                                       business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                       investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                       financial products; management




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                       of local business departments.

                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                       underwriting (limited to ancillary
                                                                                                                       works such as project contracting,
                                                                                                                       project information transmission
                                                                                                                       and recommendation
                    24/F, Unit 6, Building                                                                             and customer relationship
                    6-7, Wuhan 1818                                                                                    maintenance of underwriting
                    Center (Phase 2), No.                                                                              of government bonds, debt
        Hubei
8                   109 Zhongbei Road,        March 19, 2012       500        430070       Min Jie     027-87739318    financing instruments of non-
       Branch
                    Shuiguohu Street,                                                                                  financial enterprises and financial
                    Wuchang District,                                                                                  bonds (including policy-bank
                    Wuhan                                                                                              bonds) only); margin financing
                                                                                                                       and securities lending business;




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
                                                                                                                       agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                       investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                       financial products; management
                                                                                                                       of securities branches at Hubei of
                                                                                                                       Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; agency
                    Rooms 1301-1305,                                                                                   sale of securities investment
                    1313-1316, Building 4                                                                              funds; margin financing and
                    and 5, Huayuanhua                                                                                  securities lending business;
                    Center, No 36,                                                                                     agency sale of financial products;
       Hunan
9                   Section 2, Middle          May 27, 2014        500         410015     Deng Jing    0731-85120568   securities underwriting and
       Branch
                    Xiangjiang Road,                                                                                   sponsoring (limited to ancillary
                    Tianxin District,                                                                                  works such as project contracting,
                    Changsha, Hunan                                                                                    project information transmission
                    Province                                                                                           and recommendation
                                                                                                                       and customer relationship
                                                                                                                       maintenance).




                                                                                                                                                             395
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                        Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                        Registered
                                                                        capital (or
                                                         Date of         working                  Person in        Contact
           No    Name             Address             establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                underwriting of government
                                                                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                                of non-financial enterprises
                           No. 1416,
                                                                                                                                and financial bonds (including
                           Jinggangshan
                 Jiangxi                              November 3,                                                               policy-bank bonds) only); margin
           10              Avenue, Xihu District,                          500        330002       Wan Bin      0791-86600577
                 Branch                                  2014                                                                   financing and securities lending
                           Nanchang, Jiangxi
                                                                                                                                business; agency sale of securities
                           Province
                                                                                                                                investment funds; intermediary
                                                                                                                                introduction business for the
                                                                                                                                futures companies; agency
                                                                                                                                sale of financial products;
                                                                                                                                management of securities
                                                                                                                                branches at Jiangxi.

                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; margin
                                                                                                                                financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                                business; agency sale of securities
                           Units 1, 2, 3 and 4, 15/
                                                                                                                                investment funds; intermediary
                           F, Block B, Enterprise
                                                                                                                                introduction business for the
                           Square, No. 125
                Liaoning                                                                                                        futures companies; agency
           11              Qingnian Street,            June 3, 2011        500         110004     Chen Min       024-31881777
                 Branch                                                                                                         sale of financial products;
                           Shenhe District,
                                                                                                                                securities underwriting (limited
                           Shenyang City,
                                                                                                                                to underwriting of government
                           Liaoning Province
                                                                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                                of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                                financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                                bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                underwriting of government
                                                                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                           No. 90 Zhongshan
                 Nanjing                                                                            Wang                        of non-financial enterprises
           12              Road East, Qinhuai          April 9, 2010      2,000       210002                    025-84791077
                 Branch                                                                           Yansheng                      and financial bonds (including
                           District, Nanjing
                                                                                                                                policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                underwriting of government
                           Fangtian Building,                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                Nantong    No. 6 Yaogang Road,                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
           13                                          May 28, 2010        500        226000     Ren Qiaojian   0513-85529888
                 Branch    Nantong, Jiangsu                                                                                     and financial bonds (including
                           Province                                                                                             policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                           Rooms 2101 & 2104,                                                                                   underwriting of government
                           21/F, Block A, Yinfeng                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                Shandong   Fortune Plaza, No. 1                                                                                 of non-financial enterprises
           14                                          April 16, 2014     2,000       250061       Li Gang      0531-55686555
                 Branch    West Long’ao Road,                                                                                   and financial bonds (including
                           Lixia District, Jinan                                                                                policy-bank bonds) only);
                           City                                                                                                 margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                agency sale of financial products.




396
                                                                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021

                                                            Registered
                                                            capital (or
                                              Date of        working                  Person in        Contact
No    Name             Address             establishment     capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                Room 2201, No. 18                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
     Shanghai   Dongfang Road,                                                           Lu                         of non-financial enterprises
15                                          May 28, 2010       500        200120                    021-28972296
      Branch    China (Shanghai)                                                     Chunguang                      and financial bonds (including
                Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities


                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                8A, Fund Mansion,
                                                                                                                    contracting); securities
                No. 5999, Yitian
     Shenzhen                                                                           Wang                        investment consulting; margin
16              Road, Lianhua              March 19, 2012      500        518048                    0755-82492098
      Branch                                                                           Lianfen                      financing and securities lending
                Street, Futian District,
                                                                                                                    business; agency sale of securities
                Shenzhen
                                                                                                                    investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                    financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities



                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                Rooms 2503, 2504,
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                2505, 2506, 2507
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                and 2508, 25/F,
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                Unit 1, Building 1,



                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                                                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
                China Overseas
     Sichuan                                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises
17              Chinese Financial           May 19, 2012       500         610091       Li Hui       028-8125398
     Branch                                                                                                         and financial bonds (including
                Center, No. 33, Jiaozi
                                                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                Avenue, Hitech Zone,
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                Chengdu, China
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                (Sichuan) Pilot Free
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                Trade Zone
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                4/F and 5/F, No.                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
      Suzhou    102 Xinshi Road,                                                                                    of non-financial enterprises
18                                          May 28, 2010       500        215000     Liu Xiaobing   0512-67579666
      Branch    Canglang District,                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                Suzhou                                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                No. 22, Yingchun                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
     Taizhou    Road West, Hailing                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
19                                         August 4, 2014     2,000       225300     Wang Yujie     0523-86234237
     Branch     District, Taizhou,                                                                                  and financial bonds (including




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                Jiangsu Province                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                Block HI on 1/F, and                                                                                underwriting of government
                Block E-I on 5/F,                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
      Tianjin   North Finance                                                                                       of non-financial enterprises
20                                          May 28, 2010       500         300211      Li Yijun     022-59657718
      Branch    Building, No. 5 Youyi                                                                               and financial bonds (including
                Avenue, Hexi District,                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                Tianjin                                                                                             margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                          397
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                          Registered
                                                                          capital (or
                                                           Date of         working                  Person in        Contact
           No     Name              Address             establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                              No. 325, Jiefang
                                                                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
           21   Wuxi Branch   Road West, Wuxi,           June 11, 2014      2,000       214000      Lu Rong       0510-82723020
                                                                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                              Jiangsu Province
                                                                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; agency
                              Room 21401, Unit 2,                                                                                 sale of securities investment
                              Building 2, CROSS                                                                                   funds; margin financing and
                              Wanxianghui, No.                                                                                    securities lending; agency
                Northwest     21 Gaoxin Six Road,                                                                                 sale of financial products;
           22                                           August 5, 2019        –         710000     Gao Hong       029-87897055
                 Branch       Zhangba Sub-                                                                                        securities underwriting (limited
                              district Office, High                                                                               to underwriting of government
                              – Tech Zone, Xi’an,                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                              Shaanxi Province                                                                                    of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                                  financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                                  financial bonds) only).

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                              No. 104, Block B, 3/F,                                                                              underwriting (limited to
                              Block B, Baolong                                                                                    underwriting of government
                              Square, West side                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                  Xuzhou      of the Government                                                      Wang                         of non-financial enterprises
           23                                            April 16, 2014     2,000        221001                   0516-85602988
                  Branch      seat of Yunlong                                                       Minsheng                      and financial bonds (including
                              District, North side of                                                                             policy-bank bonds) only);
                              Heping Ave, Yunlong                                                                                 margin financing and securities
                              District, Xuzhou                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                              Room 201, Building                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                Yancheng      6, Financial City, No.                                                 Zhang                        of non-financial enterprises
           24                                           March 24, 2014      2,000       224002                    0515-88216888
                 Branch       5 Century Avenue,                                                     Tingwen                       and financial bonds (including
                              Yancheng City                                                                                       policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                              No. 406, Wenchang                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Yangzhou     Middle Road,                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises
           25                                           August 4, 2014      2,000       225001     Ji Chunbo      0514-82196688
                  Branch      Guangling District,                                                                                 and financial bonds (including
                              Yangzhou                                                                                            policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                                  sale of securities investment
                              6/F, Block C,                                                                                       funds; margin financing and
                              Dushi Mingyuan                                                                                      securities lending business;
                  Yunnan      Community, Middle          February 25,                                                             agency sale of financial products;
           26                                                                500        650021     Yin Tianshui   0871-65951973
                  Branch      Renmin Road,                  2014                                                                  securities underwriting (limited
                              Kunming, Yunnan                                                                                     to underwriting of government
                              Province                                                                                            bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                                  financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                                  bank bonds) only).




398
                                                                                                     Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021

                                                         Registered
                                                         capital (or
                                           Date of        working                 Person in     Contact
No    Name             Address          establishment     capital)     Zip code    charge       number                 Business scope
                                                                                                              Securities brokerage; securities
                 Rooms 2302,
                                                                                                              investment consulting; agency
                 2304, 2305,
                                                                                                              sale of securities investment
                 2306 and 2404,
                                                                                                              funds; margin financing and
                 Block 1, Sunyard
                                                                                                              securities lending business;
                 International
     Zhejiang                                                                                                 agency sale of financial products;
27               Creative Center        March 25, 2013      500        310052     Wang Jie    0571-86698700
      Branch                                                                                                  securities underwriting (limited
                 Building, No. 1750,
                                                                                                              to underwriting of government
                 Jianghong Road,
                                                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments


                                                                                                                                                            About Us
                 Binjiang District,
                                                                                                              of non-financial enterprises and
                 Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                                                                                                              financial bonds (including policy-
                 Province
                                                                                                              bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                              Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                              investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                              underwriting (limited to
                 Rooms 101, 201                                                                               underwriting of government
                 and 301, Building 1,                                                                         bonds, debt financing instruments
     Zhenjiang   Huangshan Yaju, No.                                               Dong                       of non-financial enterprises
28                                      March 24, 2014     2,000       212000                 0511-85037099
      Branch     6 Huangshan South                                                Kaisong                     and financial bonds (including
                 Road, Zhenjiang,                                                                             policy-bank bonds) only);
                 Jiangsu Province                                                                             margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                                              lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                              of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                              agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                   399
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Number and distribution of Securities Branches

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the number and distribution of securities branches of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                                    of securities      of person in
           No     Province        City                   Name                              Address                     Zip code      branches             charge



                                                                             Rooms 1104 and 1211-1213, Block
                                             Securities Branch in Huaining   C, Landmark Plaza, No. 288,
            1                                                                                                          230022       Fan Huijuan      0551-65175008
                                             Road, Hefei                     Huaining Road, Zhengwu District,
                                                                             Hefei City
                                 Hefei
                                                                             4F, Block C, Chuangxin
                                             Securities Branch in            Department, No. 2760,
            2                                                                                                          230088        Hu Longqi       0551-62686969
                                             Chuangxin Road, Hefei           Chuangxin Road, High-tech
                                                                             District, Hefei City, Anhui Province

                                             Securities Branch in Hudong     No. 1046, Hudong Middle Road,
            3                 Ma’anshan                                                                                243000     Gao Guosheng        0555-2963619
                  Anhui 5                    Middle Road, Ma’anshan          Huashan District, Ma’anshan City

                                                                             Nos. 1112 & 1114, Commercial
                                             Securities Branch in Fengle     Block S3, No. 1118 Fengle Avenue
           4                   Chuzhou                                                                                 239001        Lu Rudong        0550-3019976
                                             Avenue, Chuzhou                 (Yutianxia South Garden),
                                                                             Chuzhou City, Anhui Province

                                                                             Shop 142, 1/F, No. 230A, 2/F, Huijin
                                                                             Building, Tongling Trade Building,
                                             Securities Branch in Huaihe
           5                   Tongling                                      Middle Section of Huaihe                  244000         Hu Jing         0562-2801988
                                             Avenue, Tongling
                                                                             Avenue, Tongguan District,
                                                                             Tongling City,

                                             Securities Branch in            Inner Flat 01, No. 102, 1/F (01), Block
           6                                 Dongsanhuan North Road,         27, Dongsanhuan North Road,               100062         Wei Na          010-59725337
                                             Beijing                         Chaoyang District, Beijing

                                                                             Room 901-903, 9/F Weiya
                                             Securities Branch in Suzhou
            7                                                                Building, Block 18, No. 29 Suzhou         100080         Li Shuai        010-62523799
                                             Street, Beijing
                                                                             Street, Haidian District, Beijing

                                             Securities Branch in
                                                                             Room 403, 4/F, No. 87 Xisanhuan
                                             International Finance and
           8                                                                 North Road, Haidian District,             100048         Chen Xi         010-68733708
                                             Economy Center, Xisanhuan,
                  Beijing 6     Beijing                                      Beijing
                                             Beijing

                                             Securities Branch in Yonghe     Room 501, 5/F, Block F, Room 116,
           9                                                                                                           100007     Zhao Youqiang       010-84273989
                                             Temple, Beijing                 1/F,

                                                                             & Room 216, 2/F, Block D, No.
                                             Securities Branch in Yuetan
           10                                                                28 Andingmen East Street,                 100045      Yang Junpeng       010-68058688
                                             South Street, Beijing
                                                                             Dongcheng District, Beijing

                                                                             3/F Wanfeng Yihe Business Club,
                                             Securities Branch in Xueyuan
            11                                                               No. 12A Yuetan South Street,               100081       Liu Zhifeng      010-82263313
                                             South Road, Beijing
                                                                             Xicheng District, Beijing

                                                                             No. 87, Huanghe Street, Xitu
                                             Securities Branch in            High-tech Zone, Baotou City,
           12                                                                                                          014040         Yin Tao         0472-4136027
                                             Huanghe Street, Baotou          Inner Mongolia Autonomous
                                                                             Region
                                Baotou
                                                                             2/F, No. 15 Gangtie Street,
                                             Securities Branch in Gangtie    Qingshan District, Baotou City,
           13      Inner                                                                                                014010       Ma Xiaoju        0472-6867886
                                             Street, Baotou                  Inner Mongolia Autonomous
                 Mongolia 3
                                                                             Region

                                                                             Room 1707, 17/F, Block A, Wanda
                                             Securities Branch in Xinhua     Plaza Complex, No. 26, Xinhua
           14                   Hohhot       East Street, Saihan District,   East Street, Saihan District,              010010        Qi Hong         0471-3251997
                                             Hohhot                          Hohhot City, Inner Mongolia
                                                                             Autonomous Region

                                                                             Unit 0-103A, Commercial Podium
                                                                             of Office Building (1/F), Zhongjiao
                                             Securities Branch in Ziqiang
           15     Hebei 1     Shijiazhuang                                   Fortune Center T1/T2, No. 118             050051       Han Jiancai       0311-66788203
                                             Road, Shijiazhuang
                                                                             Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District,
                                                                             Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province

                                                                             19/F, Block 3, Zhengxiang Center,
                                             Securities Branch in North
           16                   Fuzhou                                       No. 153 North Wuyi Road, Shuibu           350009        Liu Biqing      0591-88037887
                                             Wuyi Road, Fuzhou
                                                                             Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou City

                                             Securities Branch in Jiuyi      4/F, Baiyuan Building, Jiuyi Street,
           17                  Quanzhou                                                                                362000     Chen Mingfeng       0595-22187188
                  Fujian 4                   Street, Quanzhou                Licheng District, Quanzhou City

                                                                             Rooms 201 & 202, Block B, Unit
                                             Securities Branch in Xiahe      One, Haiyi Building, No. 668 Xiahe
           18                   Xiamen                                                                                 361004         Cai Hao         0592-2997888
                                             Road, Xiamen                    Road, Siming District, Xiamen
                                                                             City




400
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                              Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                of securities      of person in
No    Province     City                 Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                                                             Room 101, Room 403, Room 404,
                             Securities Branch in Shuixian   Building B, No. 88 Shuixian Street,
19    Fujian 4   Zhangzhou                                                                         363000       Liu Huafeng      0596-2900350
                             Avenue, Zhangzhou               Longwen District, Zhangzhou
                                                             City, Fujian Province

                                                             Flat A, actually 26/F (nominally
                                                             29/F), Block 2, Youbang Financial
                             Securities Branch in Denghu
20                Foshan                                     Centre, No. 1, Denghu East Road,      528200        Yang Siyu       0757-29808978
                             East Road, Foshan
                                                             Guicheng Street, Nanhai District,
                                                             Foshan City



                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                             17/F (self-edited rooms 05,
                             Securities Branch in Zhujiang   06 and 07), No. 15 Zhujiang
21                                                                                                 510000     Zheng Chengbin      020-37279969
                             West Avenue, Guangzhou          West Avenue, Tianhe District,
                                                             Guangzhou City

                             Securities Branch in Wanda      Rooms 103, 105, 107, 109, Huizhi
22                           Plaza, Panyu District,          3rd Road, Nancun County, Panyu        510440      Zhu Daoming        020-39213388
                             Guangzhou                       District, Guangzhou City

                             Securities Branch in Middle     Rooms 103, 3205 and 3206, No.
23                           Guangzhou Avenue,               307 Middle Guangzhou Avenue,          510220       Luo Fanglin       020-84133637
                             Guangzhou                       Yuexiu District, Guangzhou City

                                                             Rooms S1201, 1218-23, 12/F, South
                             Securities Branch in Huanshi    Tower, No. 371-375 Huanshi East



                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
24                                                                                                 510060       Cheng Feng        020-83853823
                 Guangzhou   East Road, Guangzhou            Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
                                                             City, Guangdong Province

                                                             Rooms 906-911, No. 222-3,
                             Securities Branch in Xingmin



                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
25                                                           Xingmin Road, Tianhe District,        510620         Lin Hao         020-89286707
                             Road, Guangzhou
                                                             Guangzhou

                                                             Rooms 3605, 3606, 3607, 36/F,
                                                             Yuehai Tianhecheng Building
                             Securities Branch in
26                                                           (namely, Tianhecheng East             510620         Tang Jia        020-22031389
                             Tianhecheng, Guangzhou
                                                             Tower), No. 208 Tianhe Road,
                                                             Tianhe District, Guangzhou City

                             Securities Branch in            Rooms 4002, 4003, 4004, No. 888
27                           Yuncheng West Road,             Yuncheng West Road, Baiyun            510420         Li Yong         020-86273767
                             Guangzhou                       District, Guangzhou City




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                             No. 2 of Unit 01, 1/F, Block 3,
                             Securities Branch in
     Guangdong                                               Zima Benteng Square, No. 2
28               Zhongshan   Zhongshan Fifth Road,                                                 528403        Liao Xiwu       0760-89823338
         23                                                  Zhongshan Fifth Road, Eastern
                             Zhongshan
                                                             District, Zhongshan City

                                                             Rooms 103 and 202, North Tower,
                                                             China Resources Building,
                             Securities Branch in
29                Shantou                                    No. 95 Changping Road,                 515041        Chen Yu        0754-89898179
                             Changping Road, Shantou
                                                             Longhu District, Shantou City,
                                                             Guangdong Province

                                                             Rooms 101, 102, 201, 202, 301
                                                             and 402, Building B7, Qianhai
                                                             Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund
                             Securities Branch in Qianhai,   Town, No. 128 Guiwan Fifth
30                                                                                                  518031      Cheng Tao        0755-25889919
                             Shenzhen                        Road, Nanshan Sub-district,
                                                             Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                                                             Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                             City

                                                             1/F, 2/F, Block 3, Fuyuan Building,
                             Securities Branch in Caitian
31                                                           No. 2014-9 Caitian Road, Futain       518026       Ma Jianmin       0755-82993655
                             Road, Shenzhen
                                                             District, Shenzhen City




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                                             Rooms L1805 and L1806, China
                             Securities Branch in China      Resources Building, No. 2666
                 Shenzhen
32                           Resources Building, Keyuan      Keyuan South Road, Haizhu             518059        Xiao Kang        0755-23819115
                             South Road, Shenzhen            Community, Yuehai Sub-district,
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen

                                                             102S, Block 2, Vanke Times
                                                             Square, Shangjing Community,
                             Securities Branch in            Longcheng Sub-district,
33                                                                                                  518172       Gao Jian        0755-85205902
                             Longgang Avenue, Shenzhen       Longgang District, Shenzhen City
                                                             (at the junction of Longgang
                                                             Avenue and Longcheng Avenue)

                                                             33/F, East Tower, Baidu
                             Securities Branch in Baidu
                                                             International Building, Xuefu
34                           International Building,                                               518040     Wang Shaolian      0755-82531008
                                                             Road East, Yuehai Street,
                             Keyuan Road, Shenzhen
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen City




                                                                                                                                                  401
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                          Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                            of securities      of person in
           No    Province     City                  Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                        Room 2501A, Block B, Phase I
                                                                        Donghai International Center,
                                        Securities Branch in Shennan    No. 7888 Shennan Road,
           35                                                                                                  518040       Li Chendong       0755-82719339
                                        Avenue, Shenzhen                Donghai Community, Xiangmihu
                                                                        Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                                        City

                                                                        Rooms 2904, 2905 and 2906,
                                                                        Block D, China Resources Land
                                        Securities Branch in China
                                                                        Building, No. 19 Kefa Road,
           36                           Resources Land Building,                                               518057        Song Tao        0755-25870808
                                                                        Dachong Community, Yuehai
                                        Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen
                                                                        Sub-district, Nanshan District,
                                                                        Shenzhen

                                                                        No. BC, 9/F, Block A, CIS
                                                                        Commercial Center, No. 1061
                                        Securities Branch in Hongli
           37                                                           Xiangmei Road, Xiangmihu               518000       Li Xiaoshan      0755-82080300
                                        Road, Shenzhen
                                                                        Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                                        City

                                        Securities Branch in Fund       8B, Fund Building, No. 5999 Yitian
           38                           Building, Shennan Avenue,       Road, Lianhua Street, Futian           518053     Cao Mengming       0755-26626388
                Guangdong               Shenzhen                        District, Shenzhen City
                            Shenzhen
                    23
                                                                        2201-2212, Building A, Rongchao
                                        Securities Branch in            Business Center, No. 6003 Yitian
           39                           Rongchao Business Center,       Road, Fuxin Community, Lianhua         518026        Wu Sheng        0755-83767319
                                        Yitian Road, Shenzhen           Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                                        City

                                                                        Flats 02, 03, 04, 17/F, China Travel
                                        Securities Branch in Yitian     Service HK Building, No. 4011
           40                                                                                                  518048     Yang Dongyang      0755-82766226
                                        Road, Shenzhen                  Shennan Avenue, Futian District,
                                                                        Shenzhen City

                                                                        Flats 10H, 10I, 10J, China Economy
                                                                        and Trading Building, No. 18 Zizhu
                                        Securities Branch in Zhuzilin
           41                                                           7th Road, Zhulin Community,             518041       Gu Guoxu        0755-82027636
                                        4th Road, Shenzhen
                                                                        Xiangmihu Street, Futian District,
                                                                        Shenzhen City

                                                                        Units 1203, 1205 and 1206,
                                                                        Xizhilang Building, No. 3033
                                        Securities Branch in Zhongxin
           42                                                           Zhongxin Road, Weilan Coast            518048       Chen Shun        0755-27247971
                                        Road, Houhai, Shenzhen
                                                                        Community, Yuehai Street,
                                                                        Nanshan District, Shenzhen

                                                                        Rooms 702-704, 7/F, South
                                                                        Office Building, Nanning China
                                        Securities Branch in Minzu
           43                Nanning                                    Resources Center, No. 136-5,           530029        Li Guangyi      0771-5570013
                                        Avenue, Nanning
                                                                        Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,
                Guangxi 2                                               Nanning

                                                                        No. 1 of 1/F and Rooms 2801-
                                        Securities Branch in Xidi 3rd
           44                Wuzhou                                     2809 of 28/F, No. 19 Xidi 3rd Road,    543002       Qin Shumin       0774-3862288
                                        Road, Wuzhou
                                                                        Wuzhou City

                                                                        Room 3807, 38/F, New Hainan
                                        Securities Branch in Guoxing    Building, No. 5 Guoxing Road,
           45                Haikou                                                                            570102         He Ruijin      0898-66202789
                                        Road, Haikou                    Meilan District, Haikou City,
                                                                        Hainan Province
                 Hainan 2
                                                                        Unit 1201, Yangguang Financial
                                        Securities Branch in Yingbin    Square, No. 360-1 Yingbin Road,
           46                Sanya                                                                              572021       Zhao Yang       0898-88211669
                                        Road, Sanya                     Jiyang District, Sanya City,
                                                                        Hainan Province

                                        Securities Branch in Tiyu       No. 58, Tiyu Road, Xiaodian
           47    Shanxi 1    Taiyuan                                                                           030001       Wang Guoqi       0351-7775553
                                        Road, Taiyuan                   District, Taiyuan City

                                                                        Guanghui Building, No. 15,
                                        Securities Branch in Jingsan
           48                                                           Jingsan Road, Jinshui District,        450003        Shi Qianjin     0371-65585005
                                        Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                        Zhengzhou City

                                                                        No. 101, Floors 1-2, Building 1, No.
                                        Securities Branch in Nongye
           49                                                           16, East Nongye Road, Jinshui          450000         Zhou Rui       0371-60958371
                                        Road, Zhengzhou
                 Henan 3    Zhengzhou                                   District, Zhengzhou City

                                                                        18/F (whole floor), Building
                                                                        2, Zhengzhou Zhengshang
                                        Securities Branch in
           50                                                           Lanhai Plaza, Erligang, Zijingshan     450008       Xia Mengfei      0371-58670567
                                        Zijingshan Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                        Road, Guancheng District,
                                                                        Zhengzhou City




402
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                     Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                       of securities      of person in
No     Province          City                  Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                   No. 15, West 16th Street, Daoli
                                   Securities Branch in West
51                                                                 District, Harbin City, Heilongjiang     150010        Song Fei        0451-51531366
                                   16th Street, Harbin
                                                                   Province
                        Harbin                                     Floors 1-2, Block B, Aocheng
                                   Securities Branch in Xuanhua    International, No. 239, Xuanhua
52                                                                                                         150001     Wang Jixiang      0451-51998768
                                   Street, Harbin                  Street, Nangang District, Harbin
                                                                   City

                                                                   No. 236, Xiyitiao Road, Xi’an
                                   Securities Branch in Xiyitiao
53                    Mudanjiang                                   District, Mudanjiang City,              157001       Ma Xiuhui        0453-8111898


                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                   Road, Mudanjiang
     Heilongjiang 5                                                Heilongjiang Province

                                                                   2/F Office, ICBC Zhaodong
                                   Securities Branch in
                                                                   Branch, Zhengyang South 10th
54                      Suihua     Zhengyang Street,                                                       151100       Sun Peng         0455-8182228
                                                                   Street, No. 3, Zhaodong, Suihua
                                   Zhaodong, Suihua
                                                                   City, Heilongjiang Province

                                                                   S10, Commercial Service
                                                                   Building, Phase I Xinchao
                                   Securities Branch in Xinchao
55                     Daqing                                      Jiayuan Community, Ranghulu            163400        Zheng Ye         0459-8971477
                                   Street, Daqing
                                                                   District, Daqing City, Heilongjiang
                                                                   Province
                                                                   No. 855, Minkang Road,
                                   Securities Branch in




                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
56                                                                 Nanguan District, Changchun             130041       Cheng Bo         0431-81910599
                                   Minkang Road, Changchun
                                                                   City
                      Changchun
                                                                   No. 1000, Ziyou Avenue,
                                   Securities Branch in Ziyou
57                                                                 Chaoyang District, Changchun            130021       Guo Jiayin       0431-81919187




                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
         Jilin 3                   Avenue, Changchun
                                                                   City
                                                                   No. 7 Branch, No. 2 Dongchang
                                   Securities Branch in Jiefang    Complex Building, No. 62
58                       Jilin                                                                             132001      Zhou Laiying     0432-65128799
                                   East Road, Jilin City           Jiefang East Road, Changyi
                                                                   District, Jilin City, Jilin Province
                                   Securities Branch in Zijin      No. 1, Zijin Road, Anlu City, Hubei
59                                                                                                        432600        Zou Yizhao       0712-5231718
                                   Road, Anlu                      Province
                                   Securities Branch in Xiyue      Xiyue Avenue, Dawu County,
60                                                                                                        432800      Chen Junhong       0712-7226466
                                   Avenue, Dawu                    Hubei Province
                                   Securities Branch in Xiannv     No. 215, Xiannv Avenue,
61                                                                                                        431600        Li Zhihua        0712-8296358
                                   Avenue, Hanchuan                Hanchuan City, Hubei Province




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                   Securities Branch in
                                                                   No. 29, Changzheng Road,
62                     Xiaogan     Changzheng Road,                                                       432000     Zhang Hongkai       0712-2326827
                                                                   Xiaogan City, Hubei Province
                                   Xiaogan
                                                                   No. 22, Building 1 of Gucheng
                                   Securities Branch in West
63                                                                 Xindu, West Main Street,               432400      Pan Jianping       0712-3226017
                                   Main Street, Yingcheng
                                                                   Yingcheng City
                                                                   No. 1, Chaoyang Road,
                                   Securities Branch in
64                                                                 Yunmeng County, Hubei                  432500        Long Nina        0712-4338338
                                   Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng
                                                                   Province
                                   Securities Branch in Jingui     No. 15, Jingui Avenue, Enshi City,
65                                                                                                        445000         Feng Bo         0718-8237528
                                   Avenue, Enshi                   Hubei Province
                                   Securities Branch in Yezhou     No. 109, Yezhou Avenue, Yezhou
66                                                                                                        445300        Chen Yan         0718-3230098
                                   Avenue, Jianshi                 Town, Jianshi County
       Hubei 29                                                    No. 5 Chutian Road, Badong
                                   Securities Branch in            County, Enshi Tujia and Miao




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
67                                                                                                        444300      Wang Xinmao        0718-4332133
                                   Chutian Road, Badong            Autonomous Prefecture, Hubei
                        Enshi                                      Province
                                   Securities Branch in            No. 87, Fengxiang Avenue,
68                                                                                                        445700        Si Guoyao        0718-6288118
                                   Fengxiang Avenue, Laifeng       Laifeng County




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                                                                   Rooms 106 and 107, Block 8,
                                                                   Nanbin Garden, No. 66 Nanbin
                                   Securities Branch in Nanbin
69                                                                 Avenue, Group 1, Wangjiawan            445400       Qin Xiqiong       0718-7283339
                                   Avenue, Lichuan
                                                                   Village, Dongcheng Sub-
                                                                   district Office, Lichuan City
                                                                   No. 14, Floor 1-2, Building 2,
                                   Securities Branch in Middle     Xiangxie Lidu, Middle Jiangjin
70                                                                                                        434000        Yu Yanhua        0716-8249551
                                   Jiangjin Road, Jingzhou         Road, Shashi District, Jingzhou
                       Jingzhou
                                                                   City
                                   Securities Branch in            No. 88, Bijiashan Road, Xiulin
71                                                                                                        434400        Zuo Feng         0716-7282593
                                   Bijiashan Road, Shishou         Agency, Shishou City
                                   Securities Branch in
                                                                   No. 29, Chaoyang Middle Road,
72                      Shiyan     Chaoyang Middle Road,                                                  442000         Xu Jian         0719-8688188
                                                                   Maojian District, Shiyan City
                                   Shiyan




                                                                                                                                                         403
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                              Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                                of securities      of person in
           No   Province          City                     Name                           Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                Securities Branch in          No. 225, Shennong Avenue,
                             Shennongjia
           73                                   Shennong Avenue,              Songbai Town, Shennongjia            442400         Liu Chao        0719-3336276
                            Forestry District
                                                Shennongjia                   Forestry District
                                                Securities Branch in Minzu    No. 1 Minzu Avenue, Hongshan
           74                                                                                                      430074          Xu Hui         027-87575660
                                                Avenue, Wuhan                 District, Wuhan City
                                                                              Room 4, 26/F, Building 5,
                                                Securities Branch in          Fanhai International SOHO City,
           75                                                                                                      430032        Wang Lin         027-83632286
                                                Zhujiang Road, CBD, Wuhan     Wangjiadun CBD, Jianghan
                                                                              District, Wuhan City
                                                                              Rooms 03 and 04, 1/F, Unit 3,
                                                                              Building 1, Vanke Jinyu Huafu,
                                                Securities Branch in Youyi
           76                                                                 No. 29 Fangji Road, Yangyuan         430080       Liu Hongyan      027-86880966
                                                Avenue, Wuhan
                                                                              Street, Wuchang District,
                                Wuhan
                                                                              Wuhan City
                                                Securities Branch in Shouyi   No. 115, Shouyi Road, Wuchang
           77                                                                                                      430060          Li Pan         027-88133377
                                                Road, Wuhan                   District, Wuhan City
                                                                              Room 1F-21 on 1/F and Room
                                                                              5-13 on 15/F, Building 3, Disiman
                                                Securities Branch in Wuluo
           78                                                                 International Center, No. 421,       430070        Wang Kai         027-87816068
                                                Road, Wuhan
                                                                              Wuluo Road, Wuchang District,
                                                                              Wuhan City
                                                Securities Branch in Xinhua   No. 296, Xinhua Street,
           79                                                                                                      430015       Zhang Feng       027-85558889
                                                Road, Wuhan                   Jianghan District, Wuhan City
                Hubei 29
                                                Securities Branch in          No. 19, Changhong North Road,
           80                 Xiangyang         Changhong North Road,         High-tech Zone, Xiangyang            441000       Zhang Suicui      0710-3278298
                                                Xiangyang                     City
                                                                              Shop 101, 102, 1/F and No.
                                                Securities Branch             201, 2/F, Building 8, No. 91-36
           81                                   in Dongmen Road,              Dongmen Road, Huangzhou              438000          Ning Yi        0713-8613915
                                                Huanggang                     District, Huanggang City, Hubei
                                                                              Province
                             Huanggang                                        Shops 101-104 and 201-203,
                                                Securities Branch in Minzhu   Building 3, Guoding Mansion,
           82                                                                                                      435400       Li Zhongrun       0713-6758589
                                                Road, Wuxue                   No. 138-17 Minzhu Road, Wuxue
                                                                              City, Hubei Province
                                                Securities Branch in          No. 33, Ronghui Road, Macheng
           83                                                                                                      438300         Zou Rui         0713-2772385
                                                Ronghui Road, Macheng         City, Hubei Province
                                                Securities Branch in Zilong   No. 59, Zilong Road, Dangyang
           84                                                                                                      444100      Zhang Xingxin      0717-3252238
                                                Road, Dangyang                City, Hubei Province
                                                Securities Branch in Xiling   No. 10, Xiling First Road, Yichang
           85                                                                                                      443000      You Jianghua       0717-6229898
                                                First Road, Yichang           City
                               Yichang          Securities Branch in          No. 167, Changjiang Avenue,
           86                                                                                                      443300        Hu Dewen         0717-4836899
                                                Changjiang Avenue, Yidu       Lucheng, Yidu City
                                                                              The junction of Tuanjie Road
                                                Securities Branch in Park                                                          Wang
           87                                                                 and Park Road, Majiadian,            443200                         0718-4200539
                                                Road, Zhijiang                                                                   Zhenpeng
                                                                              Zhijiang City
                                                                              Unit 30028-30032, Fuxing
                                                                              Commercial Plaza, No. 303,
                                                Securities Branch in Furong
           88                 Changsha                                        Section 1, Furong Middle Road,       410007       Tang Jingyu      0731-85561098
                                                Middle Road, Changsha
                                                                              Kaifu District, Changsha City,
                                                                              Hunan Province
                Hunan 3
                                                Securities Branch in          Beside to the Local Tax Bureau,
           89                                   Tianyue Avenue, Pingjiang,    Tianyue Avenue, Pingjiang            414500      Chen Muyuan        0730-6297006
                               Yueyang          Yueyang                       County, Yueyang City
                                                Securities Branch in          3/F, Jiamei Building, Wulipai,
           90                                                                                                      414000       Chen Siyuan       0730-8240599
                                                Wulipai, Yueyang              Yueyang City
                                                                              No. 111, Supu Road, Donghu
                                                Securities Branch in Supu
           91                                                                 District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi     330006         Han Tao        0791-86270340
                                                Road, Nanchang
                                                                              Province
                                                                              North side of Room 104 and
                              Nanchang                                        Room 204, No. 2 Commerce
                                                                              Building, Xinghehui Business
                                                Securities Branch in Fenghe
           92                                                                 Center, No. 1333 Fenghe Middle       330100          Wu Di          0791-83751699
                                                Middle Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                              Avenue, Honggutan New
                Jiangxi 3                                                     District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi
                                                                              Province
                                                                              Shops 1-1, 1-10, 2-1 and
                                                                              2-10, Building 1, Yangming
                                                Securities Branch in M&A      International Center,
           93                  Ganzhou                                                                             341000        Liu Jingwei      0797-5886858
                                                Fund Park, Ganzhou            Zhangjiang New Zone,
                                                                              Zhanggong District, Ganzhou
                                                                              City, Jiangxi Province




404
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                               Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                 of securities      of person in
No    Province       City                Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 2, Dongheng Street,
94                             Dongheng Street,                                                     213003         Yang Lu          18106123792
                                                             Changzhou City
                               Changzhou
                               Securities Branch in Heping
95                                                           No. 9, Heping North Road               213000      Liang Qiuming     0519-86618298
                               North Road, Changzhou
                                                             Nos. 1-10, 11, 12, 26, 27 and 28,
                               Securities Branch in Taihu
96                                                           Fuchen Park, Taihu East Road,          213000       Yao Haitang      0519-86921660
                               East Road, Changzhou
                                                             Xinbei District, Changzhou City
                   Changzhou
                               Securities Branch in          No. 16, Middle Yanzheng



                                                                                                                                                            About Us
97                             Middle Yanzheng Avenue,       Avenue, Wujin District,                 213159     Zou Wenjuan        0519-81000818
                               Changzhou                     Changzhou City
                                                             Nos. 109, 110, 111 and 112, Building
                               Securities Branch in
98                                                           1, Binhe Xingcheng, Jintan             213200         Gu Zhun        0519-82696969
                               Nanhuan First Road, Jintan
                                                             District, Changzhou City
                               Securities Branch in South
99                                                           No. 91, South Street, Liyang City      213300       Shi Yuefeng        18961106969
                               Street, Liyang
                                                             Shops 1004-1006, and Rooms
                               Securities Branch in East
100                                                          801-814, Building 1, Huifeng            223301       Wei Xiang        0517-83907001
                               Huahai Road, Huaian
                                                             Central Plaza, Huaian City
                               Securities Branch in          Rooms 2, 3, 4, Building 2,
101                            Chengde North Road,           Chengde Mansion, Huaiyin               223300          Yu Le         0517-84908988




                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                               Huaiyin, Huaian               District, Huaian City
                                                             Room 104, Building Z02, Xin Lian
                               Securities Branch in Hongri
102                 Huaian                                   Yi Pin, Zhong Lian One City,           223400          Hu Xi         0517-82660908
                               Avenue, Lianshui, Huaian
                                                             Lianshui County, Huaian



                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 1007 Xiangyu Avenue,
103                            Xiangyu Avenue, Huai’an                                              223200      Shen Zhongqin      0517-85198077
                                                             Huaian District, Huaian City
                               District, Huaian
                                                             No. 45, Huaihe East Road,
                               Securities Branch in Huaihe
104                                                          Xucheng Town, Xuyi County,              211700        Kang Le         0517-88219875
                               East Road, Xuyi, Huaian
                                                             Huaian City, Jiangsu Province
                                                             Room 6, Building 109,
                                                             Guangcheng Oriental City,
                               Securities Branch in
105                                                          No. 99 Zhenzhu South Road,              211200     Li Guangxiang      025-56235323
                               Zhenzhu South Road, Lishui
                                                             Yongyang Town, Lishui District,
      Jiangsu 95
                                                             Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                               Securities Branch in          Room 1901, No. 39
106                            Qingliangmen Street,          Qingliangmen, Gulou District,          210036        Li Guoping       025-86586116
                               Nanjing                       Nanjing City
                               Securities Branch in          1/F and 2/F, No. 99 Changjiang
107                                                                                                 210005         Tian Yu         025-84798478
                               Changjiang Road, Nanjing      Road, Nanjing City
                                                             No. 158-8, Baota Road, Chunxi
                               Securities Branch in Baota
108                                                          Town, Gaochun District, Nanjing         211300      Xing Jiabin       025-56816718
                               Road, Gaochun, Nanjing
                                                             City, Jiangsu Province
                                                             No. 6, Wenlan Road, Xianlin
                               Securities Branch in Wenlan
109                                                          University Town, Qixia District,       210024        Li Boyang        025-58010075
                               Road, Nanjing
                                                             Nanjing
                               Securities Branch in Lushan   No. 168, Lushan Road, Jianye
110                                                                                                 210029     Jiang Xianming      025-83539789
                               Road, Nanjing                 District, Nanjing City
                                                             12/F, Block N, Nanjing Zendai
                               Securities Branch in Minzhi
111                 Nanjing                                  Hima Centre, No. 2 Minzhi Road,        210002        Dai Yang         025-86895618




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                               Road, Nanjing
                                                             Yuhuatai District, Nanjing
                                                             Rooms 801-805, Building
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             8, Fortune Plaza II, No. 228
112                            Tianyuan East Road,                                                   211100         Li Ying        025-87189130
                                                             Tianyuan East Road, Chunhua
                               Jiangning, Nanjing




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                                             Street, Jiangning, Nanjing City
                                                             Room 202A, Guanghua
                               Securities Branch in
113                                                          Building, No. 39 Daguang Road,          210016    Zhang Anzhong       025-84620977
                               Daguang Road, Nanjing
                                                             Qinhuai District, Nanjing City
                               Securities Branch in          9/F, Building 1, No. 12 Xiongzhou
114                            Xiongzhou West Road,          West Road, Xiongzhou Street,            211500     Xie Xiangshun      025-57115051
                               Liuhe, Nanjing                Liuhe District, Nanjing City
                                                             12/F, Building A, Yunmi City, No.
                               Securities Branch in          19 Ningshuang Road, Yuhuatai
115                                                                                                  210007      Xu Minfeng       025-84480958
                               Ningshuang Road, Nanjing      District, Nanjing City, Jiangsu
                                                             Province
                               Securities Branch in Yushi    No. 96, Yushi Street, Nanjing
116                                                                                                 210008       Yang Haikun       025-84701234
                               Street, Nanjing               City, Jiangsu Province
                               Securities Branch in
117                                                          No. 26, Zhimaying, Nanjing City        210004      Chu Dongbing       025-52210618
                               Zhimaying, Nanjing




                                                                                                                                                   405
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                        Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                          of securities      of person in
           No    Province       City                Name                           Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                         Securities Branch in          No. 255, Zhonghua Road,
           118                                                                                                210001      Wang Huan         025-52230208
                                         Zhonghua Road, Nanjing        Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in Huatai
                                                                       25/F, No. 90 East Zhongshan
           119                           Securities Building, East                                           210009        Geng Kun         025-84718112
                                                                       Road, Qinhuai District, Nanjing
                                         Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
                                                                       Room 902, 9/F, Building
                                                                       D, Nanjing Yangtze River
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       International Shipping Center,
           120                           Zhenghe Middle Road,                                                210003      Zhang Xiaodi       025-83539281
                              Nanjing                                  No. 118, Zhenghe Middle Road;
                                         Nanjing
                                                                       No. 3-15 – 2, Yongning Street,
                                                                       Gulou District, Nanjing
                                         The Third Securities Branch   Block 6, No. 399, Zhongyang
           121                           in Zhongyang Road,            Road, Nanjing City, Jiangsu            210037        Xing Qin        025-83581188
                                         Nanjing                       Province
                                                                       No. 8-2, Pusi Road, High-tech
                                         Securities Branch in Pusi
           122                                                         Industrial Development Zone,          210032        Xu Kangze        025-86334012
                                         Road, Nanjing
                                                                       Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                       No. 231, Changjiang Road,
                                         Securities Branch in
           123                                                         Haimen Town, Haimen City,             226100         Zhu Bing       0513-82227766
                                         Changjiang Road, Haimen
                                                                       Jiangsu Province
                                                                       No. 93, Middle Changjiang
                                         Securities Branch in Middle
                                                                       Road, Hai’an Town, Hai’an
           124                           Changjiang Road, Hai’an,                                            226600        Zhai Jiping     0513-88856678
                                                                       County, Nantong City, Jiangsu
                                         Nantong
                                                                       Province
                                                                       Rooms 2404-2405, South
                                         Securities Branch in
           125                                                         Building, Harmony City, No. 57        226000         Sha Fei         0513-85126758
                                         Gongnong Road, Nantong
                                                                       Gongnong Road, Nantong City
                                                                       Mezzanine floor, East Jinxin
                                         Securities Branch in Middle   Building, No. 79, Middle Renmin
           126                                                                                               226001         Fan Ying        0513-85123188
                                         Renmin Road, Nantong          Road, Chongchuan District,
                                                                       Nantong City
                                                                       Southern section of the 4/F,
                                         Securities Branch in          Room 101, Zhongyang Plaza,
           127                           Jianghai Road, Rudong,        No. 2 East Jianghai Road,             226400      Chen Xiaojun      0513-84883333
                              Nan Tong
                 Jiangsu 95              Nantong                       Chengzhong Street, Rudong
                                                                       County
                                         Securities Branch in          Room 101, Block 2, Jinhaiyuan,
           128                           Shanghai East Road,           Development Zone, Nantong             226009         Zhu Bing       0513-85895597
                                         Nantong                       City
                                         Securities Branch in New      01B-2 Office, No. 170, New
           129                           Century Avenue, Tongzhou,     Century Avenue, High-tech             226300           Ji Xi        0513-81692959
                                         Nantong                       Zone, Nantong
                                         Securities Branch in          No. 6, Yaogang Road, Nantong
           130                                                                                               226006          Xu Ke         0513-85580999
                                         Yaogang Road, Nantong         City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                       No. 505, Middle Renmin Road,
                                         Securities Branch in Middle
           131                                                         Huilong Town, Qidong City,            226200        Yao Liang       0513-83652208
                                         Renmin Road, Qidong
                                                                       Jiangsu Province
                                                                       Rooms 2-1 & 2-2, Complex
                                         Securities Branch in Fushou   Building, Chengjian Jiayuan                          Wang
           132                                                                                               226500                        0513-87335888
                                         Road, Rugao                   Phase III, Rucheng Town, Rugao                     Yongsheng
                                                                       City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in          No. 18, Jinshajiang Road,
           133                           Jinshajiang Road,             Changshu City, Jiangsu                215500          Pan Yi        0512-52895998
                                         Changshu                      Province
                                                                       3/F, Building 3, No. 8
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       Heilongjiang North Road,
           134                           Heilongjiang North Road,                                            215300        Liu Xinglin      0512-55219166
                                                                       Kunshan Development Zone,
                                         Kunshan
                                                                       Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       No. 1359, Ganjiang West Road,
           135                           Ganjiang West Road,                                                 215004        Lu Renyan        0512-68270515
                               Suzhou                                  Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Suzhou
                                                                       2/F, Building 2, Jinri Jiayuan (No.
                                         Securities Branch in Heshan
           136                                                         56, Heshan Road), Hightech            215000         Liu Xiao       0512-68785488
                                         Road, Suzhou
                                                                       Zone, Suzhou City
                                         Securities Branch in Renmin   No. 1925, Renmin Road, Suzhou
           137                                                                                                215001      Zhang Zhen       0512-67579766
                                         Road, Suzhou                  City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                       29A, Modern Media Plaza,
                                         Securities Branch in East
           138                                                         No. 265 East Suzhou Avenue,           215028       Guo Hengxi       0512-67248873
                                         Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou
                                                                       Suzhou Industrial Park




406
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                           Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                             of securities      of person in
No    Province      City                Name                            Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                                            No. 102, Xinshi Road, Canglang
                             Securities Branch in Xinshi
139                                                         District, Suzhou City, Jiangsu      215007          Yu Lin        0512-65729996
                             Road, Suzhou
                                                            Province
                                                            No. 36-1, Taiping South Road,
                             Securities Branch in Taiping
140                                                         Chengxiang Town, Taicang            215400        Liu Lihong      0512-53589559
                             South Road, Taicang
                                                            City, Jiangsu Province
                                                            Room 107, Huiying Mansion,
                                                            Financial Business Center,
                             Securities Branch in
                                                            North Side of Chenjiaqiao
141                          Guangzhou Road, Shengze                                            215228      Fan Xiaofeng       0512-63910061


                                                                                                                                                        About Us
                                                            Village Road, Xincheng District,
                             Town, Wujiang
                                                            Shengze Town, Wujiang District,
                                                            Suzhou City
                                                            No. 251, Middle Changjiang
                             Securities Branch in Middle
                   Suzhou                                   Road, Jingang Town,
142                          Changjiang Road, Jingang                                           215633        Zhang Lin       0512-56767800
                                                            Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu
                             Town, Zhangjiagang
                                                            Province
                             Securities Branch in           No. 2, Yangshe Road East,
143                          Yangshe East Road,             Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu          215600       Han Zongxu       0512-58220333
                             Zhangjiagang                   Province
                                                            2/F, Wuzhong Commercial
                                                            Center, Building 1, No.
                             Securities Branch in
144                                                         198 Su Street, Yuexi Sub-            215104       Sun Qiang       0512-66021886



                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                             Wuzhong Avenue, Suzhou
                                                            district, Wuzhong Economic
                                                            Development Zone, Suzhou
                             Securities Branch in Gaoxin    Nos. 946 and 948, Gaoxin Road,




                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
145                          Road, Wujiang District,        Songling Town, Wujiang District,    215200       Zhao Yang        0512-63956208
                             Suzhou                         Suzhou City
                                                            No. 23, East Avenue, Luotang
                             Securities Branch in East
146                                                         Street, Jiangyan District,          225500      Miao Genping      0523-88209518
                             Street, Jiangyan
                                                            Taizhou City, Jiangsu Province
                             Securities Branch in Middle    No. 150-3, Middle Renmin Road,
147                                                                                             214500        Dong Jun        0523-89101088
                             Renmin Road, Jingjiang         Jingjiang City, Jiangsu Province
                             Securities Branch in           D106 and D206, Hotel Building 4,
148                          Guoqing West Road,             Qingyun Garden, Taixing City,       225400         Tao Jin        0523-87095597
                   Taizhou   Taixing                        Jiangsu Province
      Jiangsu 95
                                                            Room 02, Building 6, Dushi




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                             Securities Branch in
                                                            Jiayuan Phase I, Jingang
149                          Jingang South Road,                                                225300       Zhang Zhan       0523-86985597
                                                            South Road, Gaogang District,
                             Gaogang, Taizhou
                                                            Taizhou City, Jiangsu Province
                             Securities Branch in Middle
                                                            No. 198, Middle Yingwu Road,
150                          Yingwu Road, Xinghua,                                              225700        Cai Li’ang      0523-83256333
                                                            Xinghua City, Jiangsu province
                             Taizhou
                             Securities Branch in Futai     5/F, New Baiye Square, No. 8
151                                                                                              214421         Yu Bo         0510-86837528
                             Road, Jiangyin                 Futai Road, Jiangyin City
                             Securities Branch in
                                                            No. 680, Huandong Road,                             Chen
152                          Huandong Road, Huashi                                               214421                        0510-81662778
                                                            Huashi Town, Jiangyin City                        Dongdong
                             Town, Jiangyin
                             Securities Branch in West      No. 318, West Avenue,
153                          Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,       Zhouzhuang Town, Jiangyin           214423        Yan Ming         0510-81660193
                             Jiangyin                       City
                             Securities Branch in




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                            No. 10, Hongqiao North Road,
154                          Hongqiao North Road,                                                214411     Zhou Junning       0510-81662758
                                                            Changjing Town, Jiangyin City
                             Changjing Town, Jiangyin
                             Securities Branch in Yingxiu
                                                            No. 111, Yingxiu Road, Qingyang
155                          Road, Qingyang Town,                                                214401      Liu Chaohui       0510-86817241
                                                            Town, Jiangyin City
                             Jiangyin




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                    Wuxi
                             Securities Branch in Shenpu    No. 108, Shenpu Road, Lingang
156                                                                                             214443       Huang Yaqiu      0510-81666278
                             Road, Lingang, Jiangyin        Sub-district, Jiangyin City
                                                            1/F, Jiangong Building, No. 56
                             Securities Branch in
157                                                         Liangqing Road, Wuxi City,          214000         Wan Lei         0510-82768155
                             Liangqing Road, Wuxi
                                                            Jiangsu Province
                             Securities Branch in Jiefang   No. 327, Jiefang West Road,
158                                                                                             214000        Zhang Ye        0510-82722975
                             West Road, Wuxi                Wuxi City
                                                            Unit 01B, First Floor, No. 11,
                             Securities Branch in
159                                                         Financial First Street, Taihu New    214123        Tang Kai       0510-85065672
                             Financial First Street, Wuxi
                                                            City, Binhu District, Wuxi City
                                                            1/F, Shuili Building, No. 12
                             Securities Branch in Yongle    Nanhebang, Yongle Road,
160                                                                                              214021      You Lingyan       0510-85045101
                             Road, Wuxi                     Nanchang District, Wuxi City,
                                                            Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                               407
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                            Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                              of securities      of person in
           No    Province        City                  Name                            Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                           No. 177, Jiefang East Road,
                                            Securities Branch in Jiefang
           161                   Wuxi                                      Yicheng Sub-district, Yixing          214299          Liu Hui       0510-80793526
                                            East Road, Yixing
                                                                           City, Jiangsu Province
                                            Securities Branch in           No. 69, Tongguan South Road,
           162                Lianyungang   Tongguan South Road,           Haizhou District, Lianyungang         222001          Liu Lei       0518-85519068
                                            Lianyungang                    City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                           No. 17 (on the first floor of CCB),
                                            Securities Branch in Beijing
           163                                                             Beijing North Road, Shucheng          223600      Feng Lingtong     0527-87880259
                                            North Road, Shuyang
                                                                           Town, Shuyang County
                                            Securities Branch in Hongze    No. 581, Hongze Lake Road,
           164                                                                                                   223800       Zhang Yang       0527-84390068
                                            Lake Road, Suqian              Suqian City
                                                                           Room 103, Building 23, Fuyuan
                                                                           Tianjun, Tiyu North Road,
                                Suqian                                     Qingyang Town, Sihong
                                            Securities Branch in Tiyu
           165                                                             County, Jiangsu Province              223900        Zheng Hai       0527-89889601
                                            North Road, Sihong, Suqian
                                                                           (Sihong County Economic
                                                                           Development Zone, Jiangsu
                                                                           Province)
                                            Securities Branch in Middle    No. 1 Middle Beijing Road,
           166                              Beijing Road, Siyang,          Zhongxing Town, Siyang                223700          Wu Yi          0527-85181112
                                            Suqian                         County
                                                                           Room 103, 1/F & Rooms 306,
                                            Securities Branch in           307 and 308, 3/F, Technology
           167                                                                                                   221006      Zhou Xuehong       0516-85850911
                                            Science Park, Xuzhou           Building, Technology Avenue,
                                                                           Quanshan District, Xuzhou City
                                            Securities Branch in           No. 2, Tangmu Road, Pei
           168                              Tangmu Road, Pei County,       County, Xuzhou City, Jiangsu          221600         Luo Wei        0516-81202066
                                            Xuzhou                         Province
                                                                           No. 165, 1/F and Rooms 2102-
                                            Securities Branch in Huaihai   2105, Unit A, Suning Plaza, No.
           169                                                                                                   221000        Jiao Shuai       0516-83718027
                                            East Road, Xuzhou              29 Huaihai East Road, Gulou
                                                                           District, Xuzhou City
                                                                           Rooms 104, 205, 206, 214 and
                                            Securities Branch in Renmin    215, Unit 1, Building 1, Hongrui
           170                                                                                                   221200        Zhang Lei        0516-81307121
                                            East Road, Suining, Xuzhou     Jiadi, Renmin East Road,
                                Xuzhou
                 Jiangsu 95                                                Suicheng Town, Suining County
                                                                           101-2, Wenyuan Building, No. 59
                                            Securities Branch in Heping
           171                                                             Heping Road, Yunlong District,         221116    Wang Guihang       0516-83538896
                                            Road, Xuzhou
                                                                           Xuzhou City
                                                                           Room 109, 1/F & Room 205, 2/
                                            Securities Branch in           F, Block 1A, Fortune Plaza, No.
           172                                                                                                   221000     Zhang Hongxing     0516-85803998
                                            Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou      75 Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou
                                                                           City
                                            Securities Branch in Daqiao    No. 8, Daqiao West Road, Xinyi,
           173                                                                                                   221400        Wang Lei        0516-88989808
                                            West Road, Xinyi               Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                           (Shops 2-10, Mingshi Garden),
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 5101 Zhongyang Avenue,
           174                              Zhongyang Avenue, Feng                                                221700      Chen Yanzhi      0516-66650130
                                                                           Feng County, Xuzhou City,
                                            County, Xuzhou
                                                                           Jiangsu Province
                                            Securities Branch in Renmin    Rooms 102, 103 and 104, Building
           175                              South Road, Dafeng,            B, Yangguang Mall, Dafeng             224100         Yang Fei       0515-83928806
                                            Yancheng                       District, Yancheng
                                                                           Rooms 8017& 8018, Building 3,
                                            Securities Branch in Middle
           176                                                             Shangye New Village, No. 78           224200          Xi Jing        0515-85105761
                                            Hailing Road, Dongtai
                                                                           Middle Hailing Road, Dongtai
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 63(C), Chenghe Road,
           177                              Chenghe Road, Funing,                                                224400       Fu Yacheng        0515-87875111
                               Yancheng                                    Funing County
                                            Yancheng
                                                                           Room 15-103 and Room 15-
                                                                           104, No. 15 Commercial and
                                            Securities Branch in South     Residential Building, No. 16
           178                              Hongxing Alley, Binhai,        Commercial and Office                 224500      Zhou Dehong        0515-87021988
                                            Yancheng                       Building, Lvdu Jiayuan, No. 29
                                                                           South Hongxing Alley, Dongkan
                                                                           Street, Binhai County
                                            Securities Branch in
           179                              Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou,         No. 37, Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou         225600        Guan Yizhi      0514-84666552
                                            Yangzhou
                               Yangzhou
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 10, Yeting East Road,
           180                              Yeting East Road, Baoying,                                           225800        Zuo Enlin       0514-88230488
                                                                           Baoying County
                                            Yangzhou




408
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
No     Province      City                Name                             Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                                              Nos. 220, 222 and 226, Business
                               Securities Branch in South     Buildings, Longchuan Road,
181                            Longchuan Road, Jiangdu,       Zhongyuan Europe City,              225200     Wang Hongmei       0514-86534998
                               Yangzhou                       Xiannv Town, Jiangdu District,
                                                              Yangzhou City
                                                              (Park International Building)
                               Securities Branch in
                                                              No. 56, Wenchang West
182                            Wenchang West Road,                                                225000        Cheng Li        0514-85863888
                   Yangzhou                                   Road, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu
                               Yangzhou
                                                              Province



                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                               Securities Branch in           No. 406, Wenchang Middle
183                            Wenchang Middle Road,          Road, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu        225001     Zhang Jingbao      0514-87055888
                               Yangzhou                       Province
                               Securities Branch in           No. 101, Zhenzhou East Road,
184   Jiangsu 95               Zhenzhou East Road,            Zhenzhou Town, Yizheng City,         211400       Lu Zaiyan       0514-83962098
                               Yizheng, Yangzhou              Jiangsu Province
                                                              No. 235, Cuizhu South
                               Securities Branch in Cuizhu
185                                                           Road, Sanmao Sub-district,          212200         Ling Qi        0511-88399933
                               South Road, Yangzhong
                                                              Yangzhong City
                               Securities Branch in           Rooms 101-102, Building 56,
186                            Guyang Avenue, Dantu,          Shengdiyage, Dantu District,        212000          Xu Rui         0511-85115898
                               Zhenjiang                      Zhenjiang City
                   Zhenjiang




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                               Securities Branch in           Nos. 16-1 to 16-3, Fenghuang
187                            Fenghuang Road, Danyang,       Road, Development Zone,             212300       Hou Yeping        0511-86699772
                               Zhenjiang                      Danyang
                               Securities Branch in




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                                              No. 8-2, Huayang North Road,
188                            Huayang North Road,                                                212400          Xu Kai        0511-85979998
                                                              Huayang Town, Jurong City
                               Jurong, Zhenjiang
                                                              Nos. 2-1, 2-2 and 2-3, Unit 1,
                                                              No. 227 Market Street; Nos. 223
                               Securities Branch in Shengli
189                                                           and 231, Market Street, Xigang       116013       Tang Wei         0411-82815866
                               East Road, Dalian
                                                              District, Dalian City, Liaoning
                    Dalian
                                                              Province
                                                              No. 4, Meiduyuan, Shahekou
                               Securities Branch in Lianhe
190                                                           District, Dalian City, Liaoning      116021        Jia Jing       0411-84342688
                               Road, Dalian
                                                              Province
                               Securities Branch in Shiyou    Jiguanwei, Shiyou Street,




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
191                 Panjin                                                                         124010       Wang Fan         0427-3257500
                               Street, Panjin                 Xinglongtai District, Panjin City
                                                              No. 187, Daxi Road, Shenhe
                               Securities Branch in Daxi
192   Liaoning 7                                              District, Shenyang City, Liaoning    110014       Wang Hui         024-31976665
                               Road, Shenyang
                                                              Province
                                                              Floors 2-5, No. 23, Guangrong
                               Securities Branch in
                                                              Street, Heping District,
193                            Guangrong Street,                                                   110003      Liu Xiaoqing      024-31883577
                   Shenyang                                   Shenyang City, Liaoning
                               Shenyang
                                                              Province
                                                              No. 320 (Building group 201),
                               Securities Branch in           Qingnian Street, Heping District,
194                                                                                                110004       Zhang Sai        024-31883388
                               Qingnian Street, Shenyang      Shenyang City, Liaoning
                                                              Province
                               Securities Branch in Bohai     No. 16-A-1, Bohai Street East,
195                Yingkou                                                                         115000       Wang Ran         0417-3350961
                               Street, Yingkou                Zhanqian District
                                                              West Hall, 1F, Runheng Building,




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                               Securities Branch in Jingqi
196                                                           No. 83, Jingqi Road, Shizhong       250000       Zhang Qinlei      18660186343
                               Road, Jinan
                                                              District, Jinan City
                                                              Rooms C106 & C108, Zone C,
                                                              1F and Rooms B200, B202 &
                               Securities Branch in Jingshi
197                  Jinan                                    206, Zone B, 2F, Huate Plaza,       250061       Wang Qiang        0531-82318318




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                               Road, Jinan
                                                              No. 17703, Jingshi Road, Lixia
                                                              District, Jinan City
                                                              1/F, East Dongyuan Building, No.
                               Securities Branch in Jiefang
198                                                           30 Jiefang Road, Lixia District,    250013     Cheng Gaofeng      0531-85829568
      Shandong 7               Road, Jinan
                                                              Jinan City
                                                              No. 32, Changshan Road,
                               Securities Branch in
199                                                           Laiyang City, Shandong              265200     Zhang Baigang       0535-7999111
                               Changshan Road, Laiyang
                                                              Province
                    Yantai
                                                              No. 85, Jinhua Street, Zhifu
                               Securities Branch in Jinhua
200                                                           District, Yantai City, Shandong     264000     Wang Xiaodong       0535-2150055
                               Street, Yantai
                                                              Province
                                                              No. 79, West Hong Kong Road,
                               Securities Branch in West
201                Qingdao                                    Shinan District, Qingdao,           266071       Cui Junfeng      0532-85713938
                               Hong Kong Road, Qingdao
                                                              Shandong Province




                                                                                                                                                 409
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                        Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                          of securities      of person in
           No     Province       City                Name                            Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                         Room 101, Block B, Weite
                                          Securities Branch in           Tianyuan Square, Jinqueshan
           202   Shandong 7      Linyi                                                                       276000       Jing Jianfei     0539-7030698
                                          Jinqueshan Road, Linyi         Road, Lanshan District, Linyi
                                                                         City, Shandong Province
                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                         Room 901, No. 1158, Jiangning
           203                            Jiangning Road, Putuo                                              200060     Huang Weiqing       021-33532200
                                                                         Road, Putuo District, Shanghai
                                          District, Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in           Zones A, B, C, 15/F, No. 5199,
           204                            Gonghe New Road,               Gonghe New Road, Baoshan            200435         Xie Feng        021-56761987
                                          Shanghai                       District, Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in Guobin    Rooms 1801-1804, No. 36,
           205                            Road, Yangpu District,         Guobin Road, Yangpu District,       200433          Qi Lili        021-33621855
                                          Shanghai                       Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in           4/F, No. 333, Huanghe Road,
           206                                                                                               200003         He Wei          021-63181398
                                          Huanghe Road, Shanghai         Huangpu District, Shanghai
                                                                         Room 5003-05 (actual room
                                          Securities Branch in Raffles   numbers are 4403A, 4403B,
           207                            Square, Huangpu District,      4404), No. 268, Central Tibet       200042        Ruan Jing        021-63550001
                                          Shanghai                       Road, Huangpu District,
                                                                         Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in Weihai
                                                                         Room 1305, No. 511, Weihai
           208                            Road, Jing’an District,                                            200041        Xu Yixuan        021-62678287
                                                                         Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai
                                          Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                         5/F, No. 1508, Mudanjiang Road,
           209                            Mudanjiang Road,                                                   201999     Duan Baodong        021-56106616
                                                                         Baoshan District, Shanghai
                                          Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in           Nos. 46, 47, 48 and 49, Miaojing
           210                            Wangyuan South Road,           New Village, Fengxian District,     201400       Yang Junjie       021-67136006
                                          Fengxian District, Shanghai    Shanghai
                                                                         Rooms 03B-05A, 26/F (actual
                 Shanghai 16   Shanghai   Securities Branch in Fushan    floor number: 23/F), No.
           211                            Road, Pudong New District,     388, Fushan Road, China             200120      Wang Yuehao        021-20773068
                                          Shanghai                       (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade
                                                                         Zone
                                          Securities Branch in           Rooms 1103, 1105, 1107 and 1109,
           212                            Tianyaoqiao Road, Xuhui        No. 329, Tianyaoqiao Road,          200030     Zhang Renrong       021-54254885
                                          District, Shanghai             Xuhui District, Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in Xianxia   No. 1398-1, Xianxia Road,
           213                            Road, Changning District,      Changning District, Shanghai        200336        Li Zhongyi       021-52983009
                                          Shanghai                       (Temporary)
                                          Securities Branch in           6/F, 7/F, No. 1088, Wuding Road,
           214                                                                                               200040         Xu Shan         021-62566063
                                          Wuding Road, Shanghai          Jing’an District, Shanghai
                                                                         Units 01B, 02, 03, 05, 06, 3/F,
                                          Securities Branch in South
                                                                         Building A, Block 4, No. 1, Lane
           215                            Huangpi Road, Huangpu                                               200011        Shi Cao         021-63356099
                                                                         838, South Huangpi Road,
                                          District, Shanghai
                                                                         Huangpu District, Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                         1-3/F, No. 642, Miaojing Road,
           216                            Miaojing Road, Pudong                                              201299       Miao Cong         021-33825017
                                                                         Pudong New District, Shanghai
                                          New District, Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in           Unit 05, 1/F, No. 1229 Century
           217                            Century Avenue, Pudong         Avenue, China (Shanghai) Pilot      200120       Huang Wei         021-58392077
                                          New District, Shanghai         Free Trade Zone
                                                                         Rooms 03 and 04, 15/F
                                          Securities Branch in           (actually Rooms 03 and 04,
           218                            Dongfang Road, Pudong          12/F), No. 18 Dongfang Road,         201120      Luo Yihong        021-28972315
                                          New District, Shanghai         China (Shanghai) Pilot Free
                                                                         Trade Zone
                                                                         Room 2103, 21/F, Unit 1, Building
                                                                         10, Tianfu Xingu, No. 399, West
                                          Securities Branch in Jinhui
           219                                                           Section, Fucheng Avenue,            610000        Yang Rui        028-87448096
                                          West 2nd Street, Chengdu
                                                                         Hitech Zone, Chengdu, China
                                                                         (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                          The Second Securities
                  Sichuan 7    Chengdu                                   5/F, BOC Building, No. 45 South
           220                            Branch in South First Ring                                          610041     Gao Xiongwei       028-85512252
                                                                         Third
                                          Road, Chengdu
                                                                         Rooms 703, 7/F, Unit 1, Building
                                          Securities Branch in Renmin    1, Xinxiwang Building, No. 45,
           221                                                                                                610031       Li Huiying      028-85590880
                                          South Road, Chengdu            Renmin Road South Section IV,
                                                                         Wuhou District, Chengdu City




410
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                                                                  Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                    of securities      of person in
No     Province       City                 Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                Rooms 301, 302, 410, 411 and 412,
                                Securities Branch in Shujin     Block C, Jinsha Wanrui Center,
222                                                                                                     610091         Li Xiao        028-61505176
                                Road, Chengdu                   No. 1 Shujin Road, Qingyang
                                                                District, Chengdu City
                                                                Nos. 240, 242, 244 and 246,
                                Securities Branch in
                                                                Zhengdong Central Street,
                    Chengdu     Zhengdong Central
223                                                             Huayang Sub-district, Tianfu            610213    Wang Hongtao       028-85640443
                                Street, Tianfu New District,
                                                                New District, Chengdu City,
                                Chengdu
       Sichuan 7                                                Sichuan Province



                                                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                Annexes 13 and 14 of No. 68
                                Securities Branch in Shixili,
224                                                             Yuanlin Road, Xipu Town, Pidu           611731        Liu Feng        028-87843269
                                Xipu, Chengdu
                                                                District, Chengdu City
                                                                A2, A3, A4, A5 and A6, 5/F,
                                Securities Branch in
                                                                Building 1, Diamond Plaza,
                                Diamond Plaza,
225                  Deyang                                     No. 29, Section 2, Changjiang           618100     Shang Guang        0838-7201167
                                Changjiang West Road,
                                                                West Road, Deyang, Sichuan
                                Deyang
                                                                Province
                                                                No. 3, Postal Communications
                                Securities Branch in            Production Building, No. 2,
226    Guizhou 1     Guiyang    Zhonghua North Road,            Zhonghua Road North, Yunyan            550001       Xiong Lihan       0851-84109471
                                Guiyang                         District, Guiyang City, Guuizhou
                                                                Province



                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                Rooms 1502 and 1503, 15/F, Unit
                                Securities Branch in
227   Chongqing 1   Chongqing                                   2, No. 9 Huixianyan Square,            400084       He Xiaoping       023-68901837
                                Jiangbeizui, Chongqing
                                                                Jiangbei District, Chongqing




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                Securities Branch in Baidi      No. 240, Baidi Road, Nankai
228                                                                                                    300192      Zhang Haiyan       022-87893469
                                Road, Tianjin                   District
                                                                Rooms 209-211, 2/F, Caizhi
                                Securities Branch in Erwei
                                                                Building, No. 9, Erwei Road,
229                             Road, Dongli Development                                               300399       Liu Yongjun       022-84373801
                                                                Dongli Development Zone,
                                Zone, Tianjin
                                                                Tianjin City
       Tianjin 4     Tianjin                                    Bottom Floor (Business Area),
                                Securities Branch in Qinjian
230                                                             Yunhan Building, No. 185,              300130       Xu Jianguo        022-26532286
                                Road, Tianjin
                                                                Qinjian Road, Hongqiao District
                                                                Units 07, 08, 09 and 10, 2/F,
                                Securities Branch in            Building 1, No. 40, Huachang




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
231                                                                                                     300151      Zhang Feng        022-58811908
                                Huachang Road, Tianjin          Road, Hedong District, Tianjin
                                                                City
                                                                4/F, Changye Golden Villa,
                                Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 621 Donggang West Road,
232     Gansu 1      Lanzhou    Donggang West Road,                                                    730000          Fu Jie         0931-8106511
                                                                Chengguan District, Lanzhou
                                Lanzhou
                                                                City, Gansu Province
                                                                1/F and 6/F, Western Culture
                                Securities Branch in Wenyi      Plaza, No. 11, Wenyi North Road,
233                                                                                                    710054        Jia Gang         029-87889991
                                North Road, Xi’an               Beilin District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi
       Shaanxi 2      Xi’an                                     Province
                                                                1/F, Jintai Holiday Flower City,
                                Securities Branch in
234                                                             Zhangba East Road, Yanta               710065          Hu Kai         029-85587020
                                Zhangba East Road, Xi’an
                                                                District, Xi’an City
                                                                Room 59-147, 3/F, Building 5,
                                Securities Branch in Xinning    Hexin Center, No. 23, Xinning
235    Qinghai 1      Xining                                                                           810000         Liang Xu        0971-6368338




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                Road, Xining                    Road, Chengxi District, Xining
                                                                City, Qinghai Province
                                Securities Branch in Jiefang    8/F, Jinrong Building, No. 243,
236    Xinjiang 1     Yining                                                                           835000        Wang Hui        0999-8986569
                                West Road, Yining City          Jiefang West Road, Yining City
                                                                Room 101, Commercial Building




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                No. 1, Jinhai Mingyue Garden,
                                Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 65 Yinjiaqu North Street,
237    Ningxia 1    Yinchuan    Yinjiaqu North Street,                                                 750004         Liu Ming        0951-6019666
                                                                Jinfeng District, Yinchuan
                                Yinchuan
                                                                City, Ningxia Hui Autonomous
                                                                Region
                                                                Room 901, Dikai Yinzuo, No. 29,
                                Securities Branch in Jiefang    Jiefang East Road, Jianggan
238                                                                                                    310004     Wang Qianwen       0571-28002220
                                East Road, Hangzhou             District, Hangzhou City,
                                                                Zhejiang Province
      Zhejiang 8    Hangzhou                                    Rooms 501B and 805, North
                                                                Tower, Gongyuan Building, No.
                                Securities Branch in Qiushi
239                                                             8 Qiushi Road, Xihu District,          310007       Zhu Weizhou      0571-87756088
                                Road, Hangzhou
                                                                Hangzhou City, Zhejiang
                                                                Province




                                                                                                                                                      411
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                       Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                         of securities      of person in
           No    Province       City                Name                            Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                        3/F, Office Building, No. 230,
                                         Securities Branch in Liuting
           240                 Ningbo                                   Liuting Street, Haishu District,     315010        Ren Xin        0574-87023678
                                         Street, Ningbo
                                                                        Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province
                                                                        No. 213 (101 & 102), No. 215 (101
                                                                        & 102) and No. 217 (233, 234
                                         Securities Branch in Fushan,                                                       Zhang
           241                Shaoxing                                  & 236-241), Huancheng West          312000                        0575-85222916
                                         Shaoxing                                                                         Zhengxing
                                                                        Road, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang
                                                                        Province
                                                                        No. 8-13, 1/F, Yangguang
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                        Building, Xinqiao Village,
           242                Wenzhou    Yangguang Avenue,                                                  325102        Liu Jiexing     0577-66992188
                                                                        Jiangbei Sub-district, Yongjia
                                         Yongjia
                                                                        County, Zhejiang Province
                 Zhejiang 8
                                                                        Rooms 802 & 803, No. 166-
                                         Securities Branch in Jiefang   1, No. 118, Jiefang East Road,
           243                Zhoushan                                                                       316100    Zhang Mingfeng     0580-3066008
                                         East Road, Zhoushan            Dinghai District, Zhoushan City,
                                                                        Zhejiang Province
                                                                        Northeast Section, Room 104,
                                                                        Donggang Complex Office
                                         Securities Branch in
           244                Taizhou                                   Building, No. 183, Zhongxin         318000       Chen Huang       0576-89811389
                                         Zhongxin Avenue, Taizhou
                                                                        Avenue, Taizhou City, Zhejiang
                                                                        Province
                                                                        No. 1115, No. 1119, Fanggong
                                         Securities Branch in
           245                 Jiaxing                                  Road, Nanhu District, Jiaxing       314000         Jing Wei       0573-82862312
                                         Fanggong Road, Jiaxing
                                                                        City, Zhejiang Province




412
                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021
 III. INFORMATION DISCLOSURES INDEX


1. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on China
Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily and on the
website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn):


 No     Date                                                                   Announcement



                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eleventh Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Independent


                                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                   Opinions of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Non-executive Directors of the
                   Company, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Summary of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares (Draft),
                   Independent Opinions of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares (Draft)
                   of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and Relevant Matters, Verification Opinions of the Board of Supervisors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the
 1    2021-01-04
                   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares (Draft) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and Relevant Matters, Administration Measures for
                   the Evaluation on the Implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Administration
                   Measures for the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
                   Shares (Draft) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixth Meeting of the
                   Fifth Session of the Supervisory Committee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through Centralized Price
 2    2021-01-06
                   Bidding




                                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
 3    2021-01-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended December 31, 2020)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Public Solicitation of Voting Rights by Independent Directors, Notice of 2021 First
                   Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on the Restricted
 4    2021-01-08




                                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                   Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares (Draft) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Document of 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd.

 5    2021-01-09   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

 6    2021-01-12   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Results of the Implementation of the Repurchase of A Shares and Changes in Shares

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Receiving Reply from the CSRC on Conducting Market Making Business on Commodities
 7    2021-01-21
                   Futures

 8    2021-01-27   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures (First Tranche)

 9    2021-01-29   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures (Second Tranche)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twelfth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Indicative




                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
 10   2021-01-30   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notes on Attending the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting during the Prevention of
                   the COVID-19 Pandemic, H Share Announcement of HTSC (Connected Transaction – Establishment of a Partnership)

                   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended January 31, 2021),
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventh Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory
                   Committee, Explanations to the Publicity of and Verification Opinions of the Board of Supervisors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the List
 11   2021-02-03
                   of Incentive Participants under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, List of Incentive Participants under the Restricted
                   Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on the Approval of the Restricted Share Incentive
                   Scheme of A Shares

                   Self-inspection Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Dealing the Stocks of the Company by Insiders under the Restricted Share
                   Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the 2021 First Extraordinary General
                   Meeting, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
                   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Administration Measures for the Restricted Share Incentive
 12   2021-02-09
                   Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Administration Measures for the Evaluation on the Implementation of the Restricted
                   Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Rules of Procedures for General Meetings of Huatai Securities Co.,
                   Ltd. (Revised in 2021), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Approval of Qualification as Director, Announcement by Huatai




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Thirteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Accumulative Increase of New Borrowings in Current Year Exceeding Net Assets at the
 13   2021-02-10
                   End of Previous Year by 20%

 14   2021-03-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended February 28, 2021)




                                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Results of the Issuance of the 2021 Short-term Debentures (Third Tranche), H Share
 15   2021-03-12
                   Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

 16   2021-03-18   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual Results of 2020




                                                                                                                                                                  413
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No        Date                                                               Announcement



                             2020 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2020 Annual Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Annual Internal Control
                             Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020, Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                             Matters Concerning 2020 Annual Report of the Company, 2020 Annual Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Special Explanation
                             of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation of Non-operating Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2020, Report
                             on Performance of Duties of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020, Corporate Social Responsibility Report of
                             Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2020, Annual Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020, Report on Performance
                             of Duties of Audit Committee under the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in
                             Relation to the Grant of the Restricted A Shares to Incentive Participants under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares,
                             Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on Adjustment to Relevant Matters on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                             of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and the Grant, List of Incentive Participants under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of
           17   2021-03-24
                             A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Verification Opinions of the Board of Supervisors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Adjustment to
                             Relevant Matters on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and the Grant, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                             Adjustment to Relevant Matters of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Independent Opinions of Independent Directors
                             of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Adjustment to Relevant Matters of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and the Grant,
                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in Relation to Provision for Impairment of Assets, Independent Opinions of Independent
                             Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision for Impairment of Assets, Announcement on the Re-appointment of the Accounting
                             Firm by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Anticipation of Ordinary Transactions with Related
                             Parties in 2021, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fourteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the
                             Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eighth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory
                             Committee, Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020

                             Summary Report by Huaan Securities and Huatai United Securities on the Continuous Listing of Overseas Listing of AssetMark under
           18   2021-04-01
                             HTSC

                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of Changes to the Nature of Shares and the Progress of the Granting of
           19   2021-04-06
                             the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares

                             H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended March 31, 2021),
           20   2021-04-08
                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in Relation to Results of the Grant under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares

                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Listing of Offshore Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited,
           21   2021-04-13   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Providing Guarantee for the Issuance of Dollar Bonds of Wholly-owned Offshore
                             Subsidiaries

           22   2021-04-20   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Providing Guarantee for the Issuance of Dollar Bonds of Wholly-owned Offshore
           23   2021-04-22
                             Subsidiaries, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Listing of Offshore Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

                             First Quarterly Report of 2021 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Text of First Quarterly Report of 2021 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
           24   2021-04-30
                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fifteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

           25   2021-05-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended April 30, 2021)

                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Independent
                             Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Independent Non-executive Directors
           26   2021-05-21   of the Company, Statements of Nominators of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Statements of Candidates for
                             Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Notice of 2020 Annual General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Document of
                             2020 Annual General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

           27   2021-06-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended May 31, 2021)

                             Indicative Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notes on Attending the 2020 Annual General Meeting during the Prevention of
           28   2021-06-11
                             the COVID-19 Pandemic

                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Resolutions of 2020 Annual General Meeting, Legal Opinions from King & Wood
           29   2021-06-23   Mallesons on the 2020 Annual General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Approval of
                             Qualification as Independent Non-executive Director

           30   2021-06-29   Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Fourth Tranche)

           31   2021-06-30   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventeenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

           32   2021-07-03   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended June 30, 2021)

                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited Increase its Holding of Shares of the
           33   2021-07-07
                             Company

           34   2021-07-09   Update Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited Increase its Holding of Shares

           35   2021-07-17   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures (Fifth Tranche)

           36   2021-07-24   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures (Sixth Tranche)

                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Equity Distribution for 2020, Special Legal Opinions from King & Wood
           37   2021-07-31
                             Mallesons (Nanjing) on Differentiated Distribution of Dividends of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020

           38   2021-08-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended July 31, 2021)

           39   2021-08-18   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

           40   2021-08-21   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Convening of 2021 Interim Results Briefing

                             2021 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2021 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai
           41   2021-08-28
                             Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eighteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

           42   2021-09-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended August 31, 2021)

                             Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change in Registered Address of Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd., a Holding Subsidiary
           43   2021-09-08
                             of the Company




414
                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021
No     Date                                                                  Announcement



                  Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval of the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual
44   2021-09-11
                  Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                  Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change in Registered Address of Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd., a Wholly-owned
45   2021-09-17
                  Subsidiary of the Company

                  Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Appointment of General Manager of Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
46   2021-09-18
                  Management Co., Ltd.

47   2021-09-25   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Supplemental Announcement of Annual Report for the Year ended December 31, 2020)

48   2021-10-08   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended September 30, 2021)

49   2021-10-20   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)


                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
                  Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eleventh Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory
50   2021-10-30   Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Employee Representative Supervisor and Chairman of the
                  Supervisory Committee, Third Quarterly Report of 2021 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                  Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Receiving Reply from the CSRC on Capital Increase in Huatai International Financial
51   2021-11-04
                  Holdings Company Limited, a Wholly-owned Subsidiary

                  H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended October 31, 2021), H
52   2021-11-05
                  Share Announcement of HTSC (2020 Corporate Annual Report)

53   2021-11-23   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Results of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited Increase its Holding of Shares

54   2021-12-02   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twentieth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

55   2021-12-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended November 30, 2021)




                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
56   2021-12-29   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Capital Increase in Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited




                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                          415
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the HKEXnews
          website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk):


           No        Date                                                                  Announcement



                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month ended December 31, 2020, Overseas Regulatory
            1    2021-01-06   Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Progress of Repurchase of A Shares of the Company through
                              Centralized Price Bidding

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Document of 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Legal
                              Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares (Draft) of Huatai Securities Co.,
                              Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Public Solicitation of Voting Rights by Independent Directors, Notice of 2021 First
                              Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-registered Holders, Notification
                              Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Form of Proxy for the Solicitation of Voting Rights by Independent Non-executive
            2    2021-01-07
                              Director for Use at the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting to Be Held on February 8, 2021, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for
                              Use at the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting to Be Held on February 8, 2021, Notice of the EGM, Election of Non-executive Director,
                              General Mandate to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing Instruments of the Company, Amendments to the Rules of Procedures
                              for General Meetings, Proposed Adoption of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and Notice of the 2021 First Extraordinary
                              General Meeting

            3    2021-01-08   Next Day Disclosure Return

                              Results of the Repurchase of A Shares, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Results of
            4    2021-01-11
                              the Implementation of the Repurchase of A Shares and Changes in Shares

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
            5    2021-01-19
                              Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Receiving Reply from the CSRC on Conducting
            6    2021-01-20
                              Market Making Business on Commodities Futures

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
            7    2021-01-21
                              Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures
            8    2021-01-26
                              (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures
            9    2021-01-28   (Second Tranche), Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                              Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Connected Transaction – Establishment of a Partnership, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities
           10    2021-01-29   Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twelfth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Indicative Announcement by Huatai Securities Co.,
                              Ltd. on Notes on Attending the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting during the Prevention of the COVID-19 Pandemic

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
            11   2021-02-01
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended January 31, 2021, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –
                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventh Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board of Supervisors,
           12    2021-02-02   Explanations to the Publicity of and Verification Opinions of the Board of Supervisors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the List of Incentive
                              Participants under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, List of Incentive Participants under the Restricted Share Incentive
                              Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on the Approval of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares

                              List of Directors and their Roles and Functions, Poll Results of the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting – Change of Non-Executive
                              Director and Proposal on Adjustment to the Composition of Special Committees under the Board, Overseas Regulatory Announcement
                              – Self-inspection Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Dealing the Stocks of the Company by Insiders under the Restricted Share
                              Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Administration Measures for the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co.,
           13    2021-02-08   Ltd., Rules of Procedures for General Meetings of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2021), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                              on the Resolutions of the Thirteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the 2021
                              First Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Administration Measures for the Evaluation on the Implementation of
                              the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Accumulative Increase of New Borrowings in
           14    2021-02-09
                              Current Year Exceeding Net Assets at the End of Previous Year by 20%

           15    2021-03-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended February 28, 2021

                              Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Results of the
           16    2021-03-11
                              Issuance of the 2021 Short-term Debentures (Third Tranche)

           17    2021-03-17   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual Results of 2020

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           18    2021-03-19
                              Ltd. Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (Type I)




416
                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021
No     Date                                                                     Announcement



                  Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2020, Results Announcement for the Year Ended December 31,
                  2020, Announcement in Relation to Provision for Impairment of Assets, Announcement in Relation to Adjustment to Relevant Matters
                  on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company, Announcement in Relation to the Grant of the Restricted A
                  Shares to Incentive Participants under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Legal
                  Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on Adjustment to Relevant Matters on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
                  Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and the Grant, 2020 Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Special Explanation
                  of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation of Non-operating Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2020, Report on
                  Performance of Duties of Audit Committee under the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020, Report on Performance of Duties of
                  Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020, Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020,
                  Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Matters Concerning 2020 Annual Report of the Company,
19   2021-03-23
                  Independent Opinions of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision for Impairment of Assets, Independent



                                                                                                                                                                             About Us
                  Opinions of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Adjustment to Relevant Matters on the Restricted Share Incentive
                  Scheme of A Shares and the Grant, List of Incentive Participants under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai
                  Securities Co., Ltd., Verification Opinions of the Board of Supervisors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Adjustment to Relevant Matters
                  on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and the Grant, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Anticipation of
                  Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties in 2021, Announcement on the Re-appointment of the Accounting Firm by Huatai Securities
                  Co., Ltd., Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2020, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co.,
                  Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fourteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the
                  Resolutions of the Eighth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board of Supervisors, 2020 Annual Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co.,
                  Ltd., 2020 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Summary Report by Huaan Securities and Huatai United Securities on the Continuous Listing of
20   2021-03-31
                  Overseas Listing of AssetMark under HTSC

                  Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended March 31, 2021, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –




                                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                  Announcement in Relation to Results of the Grant under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Announcement by Huatai
21   2021-04-07
                  Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of Changes to the Nature of Shares and the Progress of the Granting of the Restricted Share
                  Incentive Scheme of A Shares




                                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Listing of Offshore Bonds on The Stock
22   2021-04-12   Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Providing Guarantee for the Issuance of Dollar Bonds of
                  Wholly-owned Offshore Subsidiaries

23   2021-04-19   Date of Board Meeting

                  2020 Annual Report, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Providing Guarantee for the
24   2021-04-21   Issuance of Dollar Bonds of Wholly-owned Offshore Subsidiaries, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Listing of Offshore
                  Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds
25   2021-04-22
                  Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
26   2021-04-23
                  Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2021
27   2021-04-27   and Delisting for 2018 Non-publicly Issued Subordinated Bonds (Second Tranche) (Category I), Announcement on Issuance Results for
                  2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                  First Quarterly Report of 2021, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of
28   2021-04-29
                  the Fifteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

29   2021-05-06   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended April 30, 2021

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
30   2021-05-14
                  Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
31   2021-05-18
                  Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                  Proposed Change of Independent Non-executive Director, Notice of AGM, Circular of 2020 Annual General Meeting, Form of Proxy
                  of Holders of H Shares for use at the Annual General Meeting to be Held on June 22, 2021, Notification Letter and Request Form to




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                  Non-Registered Holders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –
                  Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest Payment for 2019 Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds (First Tranche)
32   2021-05-20
                  (Type II), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board,
                  Document of 2020 Annual General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Notice of 2020 Annual General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co.,
                  Ltd., Independent Opinions of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Independent Non-




                                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
                  executive Directors of the Company

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
33   2021-05-21
                  Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
34   2021-05-25
                  Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest Payment for 2013 Corporate Bonds
35   2021-05-28
                  (Ten-year Bonds)

36   2021-06-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended May 31, 2021

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement –Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds
                  Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Fourth Tranche) (Type II), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement and Delisting
37   2021-06-10
                  in 2021 for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Fourth Tranche) (Category I), Indicative Announcement by
                  Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notes on Attending the 2020 Annual General Meeting during the Prevention of the COVID-19 Pandemic

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
38   2021-06-15
                  Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                    417
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No        Date                                                                Announcement



                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           39   2021-06-16
                             Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           40   2021-06-18
                             Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                             List of Directors and their Roles and Functions, Poll Results of the 2020 Annual General Meeting; Payment of Final Dividend; and Change
           41   2021-06-22   of Independent Non-executive Director, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the 2020
                             Annual General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           42   2021-06-23
                             Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           43   2021-06-25
                             Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           44   2021-06-28
                             (Fourth Tranche)

                             List of Directors and their Roles and Functions, Adjustment to the Composition of Audit Committee, Overseas Regulatory Announcement
                             – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventeenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board,
           45   2021-06-29
                             Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
                             Investors (First Tranche)

           46   2021-07-02   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended June 30, 2021

                             Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
           47   2021-07-06   Investors (Second Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited Increase its
                             Holding of Shares of the Company

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Update Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group
           48   2021-07-08
                             Limited Increase its Holding of Shares

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
           49   2021-07-12
                             Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           50   2021-07-16   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2021
                             Short-term Debentures (Fifth Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
           51   2021-07-20
                             Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for 2021 Short-term Debentures
           52   2021-07-23
                             (Sixth Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Equity Distribution for 2020,
           53   2021-07-30   Special Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on Differentiated Distribution of Dividends of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in
                             2020

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2021
           54   2021-08-03
                             and Delisting for 2020 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

           55   2021-08-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended July 31, 2021

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           56   2021-08-06
                             Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
           57   2021-08-10
                             Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           58   2021-08-13
                             Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)

                             Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for
           59   2021-08-17
                             Public Issuance of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)

           60   2021-08-20   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Interim Results of 2021

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           61   2021-08-25
                             Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                             Interim Results Announcement for the Six Months ended June 30, 2021, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – 2021 Interim Report of
                             Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2021 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the
           62   2021-08-27
                             Resolutions of the Eighteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results
                             for Public Issuance of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                             Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended August 31, 2021, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –
           63   2021-09-06   Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh
                             Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change in Registered Address of Jiangsu Equity
           64   2021-09-07
                             Exchange Co., Ltd., a Holding Subsidiary of the Company

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
           65   2021-09-08
                             Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche)

                             Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval of the CSRC for the
           66   2021-09-10
                             Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors




418
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021
No     Date                                                                   Announcement



                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities
67   2021-09-16   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change in Registered
                  Address of Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd., a Wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Appointment of General Manager of Huatai
68   2021-09-17
                  Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
69   2021-09-22
                  Perpetual Subordinated Bonds to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

70   2021-09-24   Supplemental Announcement of Annual Report for the Year ended December 31, 2020

71   2021-09-28   2021 Interim Report



                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
72   2021-10-07   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended September 30, 2021

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
73   2021-10-15
                  Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche)

                  Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for
74   2021-10-19
                  Public Issuance of 2021 Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
75   2021-10-22
                  Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
76   2021-10-26
                  Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
77   2021-10-27




                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                  Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                  Third Quarterly Report of 2021, Change of Employee Representative Supervisor and Chairman of the Supervisory Committee, Overseas
                  Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eleventh Meeting of the Fifth Session
78   2021-10-29
                  of the Board of Supervisors, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021 Perpetual



                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                  Subordinated Bonds to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Receiving Reply from the CSRC on Capital
79   2021-11-03
                  Increase in Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited, a Wholly-owned Subsidiary

                  Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended October 31, 2021, 2020 Corporate Annual Report,
80   2021-11-04   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2021
                  and Delisting for 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest Payment for 2020 Subordinated
81   2021-11-10
                  Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
82   2021-11-17




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                  Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
                  Perpetual Subordinated Bonds to Professional Investors (Third Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest
                  Payment for 2018 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (Type II), Announcement by Huatai Securities
83   2021-11-19
                  Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2021 and Delisting for 2018 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors
                  (First Tranche) (Category I), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly
                  Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Results of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group
84   2021-11-22
                  Limited Increase its Holding of Shares

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twentieth Meeting of the
85   2021-12-01
                  Fifth Session of the Board

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds
86   2021-12-02   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type II), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2021 Interest Payment
                  for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche) (Type I)




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                  Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended November 30, 2021, Overseas Regulatory Announcement
87   2021-12-03   – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
                  Investors (Seventh Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
88   2021-12-07
                  Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
89   2021-12-10
                  Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
90   2021-12-20
                  Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
91   2021-12-22
                  Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche)

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
92   2021-12-28   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Capital Increase in
                  Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited

                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Issuance Results for Public Issuance of 2021
93   2021-12-30
                  Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors (Tenth Tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                419
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the website of
          the London Stock Exchange (www.londonstockexchange.com):


           No        Date                                                          Announcement



            1    2021-01-04   RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME OF A SHARES

            2    2021-01-07   NOTICE OF THE FIRST EGM OF 2021

            3    2021-01-11   RESULTS OF THE REPURCHASE OF A SHARES

            4    2021-01-29   ESTABLISHMENT OF A PARTNERSHIP

            5    2021-02-08   LIST OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION, RESULTS OF EGM & DIRECTORATE CHANGE

                              2020 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT, 2020 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT, THE GRANT OF THE RESTRICTED A SHARES, ADJUSTMENT
            6    2021-03-23
                              TO THE SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME, PROVISION FOR IMPAIRMENT OF ASSETS

            7    2021-04-07   RESULTS OF THE GRANT UNDER INCENTIVE SCHEME

            8    2021-04-12   NOTICE OF BOND LISTING

            9    2021-04-21   2020 ANNUAL REPORT, NOTICE OF BOND LISTING

           10    2021-04-29   FIRST QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2021

            11   2021-05-20   NOTICE OF AGM、PROPOSED CHANGE OF INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR

           12    2021-06-22   RESULT OF AGM

           13    2021-06-29   ADJUSTMENT TO THE COMPOSITION OF AUDIT COMMITTEE

           14    2021-07-30   IMPLEMENTATION OF EQUITY DISTRIBUTION FOR 2020

           15    2021-08-27   2021 INTERIM RESULTS

           16    2021-09-24   SUPPLEMENTAL ANNOUCEMENT OF 2020 ANNUAL REPORT

           17    2021-09-28   2021 INTERIM REPORT

           18    2021-10-29   THIRD QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2021, CHANGE OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE




420
