1   ABOUT US
           Important Notice    004

                 Definitions   006

                CEO’s Letter   008

           Company Profile     010

     Summary of the Results    018

Major Events of the Company    024
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IMPORTANT NOTICE
          I. The Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
          undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete and contains no false record,
          misleading statement or material omission, and assume individual and joint legal liabilities to the information in this
          report.

          II. This report was considered and approved at the second meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company.

          III. Director absent from the meeting

          Position of absent Director          Name of absent Director             Reasons for absence              Name of proxy
          Director                             Ke Xiang                            Business engagement              Chen Zhongyang


          IV. None of the Directors and Supervisors had objections towards this report.

          V. The annual financial report prepared in accordance with the CASBE and the IFRS was audited by Deloitte Touche
          Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, respectively, which issued a standard
          unqualified audit report to the Company.

          VI. Zhang Wei, the person in charge of the Company, Jiao Xiaoning, the person in charge of accounting, and Fei Lei,
          the officer in charge of the accounting office of the Company (head of accounting department), hereby warrant and
          guarantee that the financial report contained in the annual report is true, accurate and complete.

          VII. The profit distribution proposal or the reserve capitalization proposal for the Reporting Period have been considered
          and approved by the Board.

          According to the 2022 annual financial statements of the Company, the net profit of the Parent Company for 2022 reached
          RMB12,209,871,037.74. According to relevant provisions of the Company Law, Securities Law, Financial Rules for Financial
          Enterprises (《金融企業財務規則》) and the Articles of Association, the Company had appropriated 10% statutory surplus reserve,
          10% general risk reserve and 10% trading risk reserve of RMB3,662,961,311.32 in total, after which the profit available for
          distribution for the year was RMB8,546,909,726.42. Taking into account the balance of undistributed profit in previous years,
          the accumulated profit available for distribution to investors as at the end of 2022 was RMB24,000,453,156.70.

          According to relevant requirements of the CSRC, the gains arising from the fair value changes in distributable profit
          of securities companies shall not be used for cash distribution to shareholders. As at the end of December 2022, the
          accumulated fair value changes in distributable profit of the Parent Company were RMB1,750,948,700.27, after deduction
          of which as required, the profit of the Parent Company available for distribution to investors in cash amounted to
          RMB22,249,504,456.43.

          After comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the development of the Company,
          the 2022 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:

          1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the Company’s existing total
          share capital of 9,075,589,027 shares after deducting 45,278,495 shares deposited in the special account for securities
          repurchase and 925,692 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled (i.e. on the basis of 9,029,384,840 shares), with the total
          cash dividend of RMB4,063,223,178.00 (tax inclusive), representing 36.76% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the
          Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2022.

          If the total share capital of the Company changes as a result of repurchase and cancellation of shares granted in the
          equity incentive during the period from the disclosure date of this proposal to the record date of the implementation of
          the dividend distribution, the Company intends to maintain the distribution ratio per share unchanged and adjust the total
          distribution accordingly. The remaining profits available for distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.

          2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the depositary of GDRs)
          and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding the investors of Southbound Trading)
          in HKD. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be calculated at the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB against




004
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
HKD issued by the PBOC five business days prior to the date of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

VIII. Forward-looking statements including future plans and development strategies involved in this annual report do not
constitute the Company’s substantive commitments to investors. The investors are advised to pay attention to investment
risks.

IX. There is no non-operating misappropriation of funds of the Company by any controlling shareholders and their related
parties during the Reporting Period.

X. The Company has not provided any external guarantees in violation of the stipulated decision-making procedures
during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                                                                           About Us
XI. During the Reporting Period, there exists no such circumstance that more than half of the Directors could not guarantee
the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of the annual report disclosed by the Company.

XII. The report is prepared by the Company in both Chinese and English. In the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese
version shall prevail.

XIII. Warning on Major Risks

General economic and political conditions such as macroeconomy and monetary policies, laws and regulations
influencing financial and securities industries, rising and falling trends in commercial and financial industries, inflation,


                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
exchange rate fluctuations, availability of long and short-term market capital sources, financing costs and interest rate
levels and fluctuations may have an impact on the Company’s business. Besides, like other companies in the securities



                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
industry, inherent risks in the securities market, such as market volatility and trading volume, may also affect the Company’s
business. The Company cannot guarantee the sustainability of favorable politics, economy and market conditions.

Main risks in business operation faced by the Company include: policy risks from national macro-control measures,
changes in laws, regulations, relevant regulatory policies and transaction rules in securities industry, which will adversely
influence the business of securities companies; compliance risks from business management or professional activities
violating laws, regulations or codes, which cause the Company being punished by laws, being taken regulatory measures,
suffering from property or reputation loss; legal risks from failure to abide by provisions and requirements in laws and




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
regulations, which make the Company face litigations, compensation, and fines and suffer from loss; market risks from
fluctuations in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices and commodity prices, etc.), which make the
Company suffer from loss in assets; credit risks from default of product issuers, bond issuers or counterparties (customers),
which make the Company suffer from loss in assets; liquidity risks from inability to obtain sufficient funds at reasonable cost
in time to pay matured debts, fulfil other payment obligations and satisfy the capital needs for normal business; information
and technology risks such as various technical failure or data leakage of the Company’s information system from internal
and external reasons, which consequently cause loss by incapacitating the information system from guaranteeing the
stability, high-efficiency and safety of transactions and business management in business realization, response speed,
processing capacity, data encryption and so on; operational risks from incomplete or problematic internal procedures,
personnel or systems or external incidents, which cause loss; reputation risks from business operation, management and
other behaviors or external incidents which lead to negative judgement on the Company from relevant media; money




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
laundering risk from the utilization of the Company’s products or services by criminals to engage in money laundering
activities which lead to negative effects on the Company’s legal, reputation, compliance, operation and other aspects.
Besides, with the advancement of the Company’s internationalization strategy, the Company’s business will enter the United




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
States, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong and other countries and regions, and the Company will face more complex market
environment and regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                                  005
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          DEFINITIONS
          In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the meanings set forth below:


          DEFINITIONS OF CAPITALIZED TERMS AND EXPRESSIONS

                                                            domestic share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
          A Share(s)
                                                            which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and traded in RMB

          AoP                                               Assets on Platform

          APP                                               Application

                                                            the articles of association of the Company, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
          Articles of Association
                                                            from time to time

          AssetMark                                         AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International

          Bank of Jiangsu                                   Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限公司 )

          Beijing Stock Exchange                            the Beijing Stock Exchange ( 北京證券交易所 )

          Board or Board of Directors                       the board of Directors of the Company

          CAGR                                              compound annual growth rate

          CASBE                                             the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises ( 中國企業會計準則 )

          China or the PRC                                  the People’s Republic of China

          China Southern Asset Management                   China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限 公司 )

          Communications Holding                            Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 )

                                                            Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》), as amended from time
          Company Law
                                                            to time

                                                            an index consisting of 300 index sample stocks which are most representative, selected by the
          CSI 300 Index                                     Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange jointly with the scale and liquidity
                                                            as the basic standards

          CSRC                                              the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( 中國證券監督管理委員會 )

          Director(s)                                       director(s) of the Company

          FICC                                              fixed income, currency and commodity

          FINTECH                                           financial technology

                                                            a business activity in which securities firms, as commissioned by futures companies, introduce
          Future IB Business                                clients to participate in futures transactions of futures companies and provide other related
                                                            services

          GDR                                               global depository receipt

          Govtor Capital                                    Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 )

          Group, Our Group, we or us                        the Company and its subsidiaries, and their respective predecessors

                                                            Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信集團有限公司 , formerly known as Jiangsu
                                                            Guoxin Asset Management Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信資產管理集團有限公司 ))
          Guoxin Group

                                                            foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
          H Share(s)
                                                            which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and traded in HK dollars

          HKEX                                              Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited ( 香港交易及結算所有限公司 )

          HK$, HKD or HK dollars                            the lawful currency of Hong Kong

          Hong Kong                                         the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

          Hong Kong Stock Exchange                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( 香港聯合交易所有限公司 )

                                                            a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability under the corporate name
                                                            华泰证券股份有限公司 (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.), converted from our predecessor 华泰证券有限
                                                            责任公司 (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company) on December 7, 2007, carrying on business
                                                            in Hong Kong as “HTSC”, and was registered as a registered non-Hong Kong company under
                                                            Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance under the Chinese approved name of “ 華 泰 六 八 八 六
                                                            股 份 有 限 公 司 ” and English name of “Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.”; the H Shares of which have
          HTSC, Huatai Securities, our Company,
          Company or Parent Company
                                                            been listed on the main board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 1, 2015 (Stock Code:
                                                            6886); the A Shares of which have been listed on the SSE since February 26, 2010 (Stock Code:
                                                            601688); and the global depository receipts of which have been listed on the London Stock
                                                            Exchange plc since June 2019 (Symbol: HTSC), unless the context otherwise requires, including
                                                            its predecessor

                                                            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產管理有限公司 ), a
          Huatai Asset Management
                                                            wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

                                                            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 ), a wholly-owned
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                            subsidiary of Huatai International

          Huatai Foundation                                 Jiangsu Huatai Foundation ( 江蘇省華泰公益基金會 )

          Huatai Futures                                    Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. ( 華泰期貨有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company




006
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                           Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華泰創新投資有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Huatai Innovative Investment
                                           Company

                                           Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公司 ), a wholly-
Huatai International
                                           owned subsidiary of the Company

Huatai-PineBridge                          Huatai-PineBridge Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰柏瑞基金管理有限公司 )

                                           Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華泰紫金投資有限責任公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary
Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                           of the Company

                                           Huatai Securities (USA), Inc. ( 華泰證券（美國）有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai
Huatai Securities (USA)
                                           International

                                           Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. ( 華 泰 聯 合 證 券 有 限 責 任 公 司 ), a holding subsidiary of the
Huatai United Securities
                                           Company



                                                                                                                                                       About Us
IFRS                                       the International Financial Reporting Standards

IPO                                        the initial public offering

IT                                         information technology

                                           Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權交易中心有限責任公司 ), a holding subsidiary of the
Jiangsu Equity Exchange
                                           Company

                                           State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
                                           Government ( 江蘇省政府國有資產監督管理委員會 )
Jiangsu SASAC

Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC ( 中國證監會江蘇監管局 )

                                           the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as
Listing Rules or Hong Kong Listing Rules
                                           amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
London Stock Exchange plc or LSE           the London Stock Exchange plc ( 倫敦證券交易所 )

                                           the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix
Model Code



                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                           10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

MSCI                                       Morgan Stanley Capital International Index

NEEQ                                       the National Equities Exchange and Quotations for small and medium-sized enterprises

NMAU                                       the number of monthly active users

OTC                                        over-the-counter

PBOC                                       the People’s Bank of China

QDII                                       qualified domestic institutional investor

QFII                                       qualified foreign institutional investor




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Reporting Period                           the year ended December 31, 2022

                                           Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國證券法》), as amended from
Securities Law
                                           time to time

                                           the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
Securities and Futures Ordinance or SFO
                                           supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

SFC                                        the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ( 香港證券及期貨事務監察委員會 )

                                           Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Services Co., Ltd.( 上海新世紀資信評估投資服務有限
                                           公司 )
Shanghai Brilliance

Shanghai Clearing House                    the Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd. ( 銀行間市場清算所股份有限公司 )

Shanghai Stock Exchange or SSE             the Shanghai Stock Exchange ( 上海證券交易所 )

Shenzhen Stock Exchange                    the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ( 深圳證券交易所 )




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Singapore Subsidiary                       Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International

                                           an index consisting of 50 index sample stocks with large scale and good liquidity, which are
SSE 50 Index                               most representative in the securities market of Shanghai selected by the Shanghai Stock
                                           Exchange




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
SSF                                        the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC ( 全國社會保障基金理事會 )

STAR Market                                science and technology innovation board of the SSE

Supervisor(s)                              supervisor(s) of the Company

Supervisory Committee                      the supervisory committee of the Company

                                           Turn-key Asset Management Platform, a technological platform providing services such as
TAMP                                       investment products and strategies, assets portfolio management, customer relationship
                                           management and asset custody, as well as corporate operation

USD or US dollar                           the lawful currency of the United States of America

VAR                                        value at risk

                                           Wind Information Co., Ltd. ( 萬 得 資 訊 技 術 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a service provider of financial data,
Wind Information
                                           information and software in Mainland China

%                                          per cent.

In the 2022 Annual Report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding; and
any discrepancies in the change percentages of an item are due to the difference of currency unit of the item.




                                                                                                                                              007
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CEO'S LETTER




          Dear Shareholders:                                                  online and offline services to create more practical and tangible
                                                                              results with differentiated value. We optimized the hierarchy of
          Facing arduous tasks and heavy responsibilities, we forged          customer demands and the corresponding investment advisory
          ahead with fortitude. The past year was an extremely                and service hierarchy, iterated and upgraded professional
          extraordinary and important year. Under the impacts of              transaction services and wealth management services and
          geopolitical conflicts, the inflation pressures, the challenges     allowed customers to obtain attentive and wellthought services
          in supply chains and other factors, the global economy faced        when they need most through the accurate output of the
          the threat of stagflation and the international financial market    “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) platform and the investment
          experienced intensified fluctuations. In face of the complicated    advisory cloud platform. We adhered to the integration of
          and ever-changing external environment, we have never been          investment advisory with priority on advisory and built the
          more confident about the endogenous resilience and huge             purchaser investment advisory model with customers’ profit
          potential of the PRC economy. High-quality development has          experience as the core, resulting in positive changes in customer
          been elevated to the primary task in building China into a          behaviors and longer holding period and higher reinvestment
          modern socialist country in all respects. Standing at the crucial   rate in funds. Only through the continuous accumulation of the
          time of the domestic economic stabilization and recovery, we        sense of trust and accomplishment can the “quantity of flow”
          embraced the full implementation of the registration-based IPO      convert into “quantity of retention”. In 2022, the NMAU of “ZhangLe
          system. The milestone reform has far-reaching influence and we      Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) and the equity and fund trading
          felt more responsibilities and missions on our shoulders.           volume continued to maintain the first in the securities industry
                                                                              while the scale of public funds in the non-money market edged
          As a participant and builder of the capital market, we also
                                                                              into top 10 in the whole market for the first time.
          adhere to professionalism and bottom thinking and strive
          to create long-term value for shareholders, customers, the          In the field of institutional services, we continued to refine the
          society and other stakeholders. Such belief enables us to           customer service model and service system and developed
          see through the mist of various challenges, clearly seize true      the core competitiveness of platform-based and integrated
          opportunities, more resolutely empower wealth management            institutional businesses. We continuously optimized the global
          and institutional services with technology and continuously         customer operation system, gradually implemented the prime
          unleash the development momentum. In 2022, the Company’s            brokerage service model driven by the headquarters with cross-
          comprehensive strength soundly ranked in the forefront of           border integration and the coordination of the headquarters
          the industry. As of the end of 2022, total assets of the Group      and branches and better achieved the unified hierarchy and
          amounted to RMB846,567 million and total equity attributable to     grading of customers, the integrated operation of accounts and
          shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB165,087 million.         the reasonable releasing of service resources. We adhered to
          In 2022, the Group recorded total revenue, other income and         the business orientation and technology empowerment, further
          gains of RMB46,824 million and a profit for the year attributable   improved the fundamental functions and efficiency of various
          to shareholders of the Company of RMB11,053 million.                trading platforms, achieved the full coverage of the digital
                                                                              business model over the whole process of meeting customer
                                                                              demands, asset pricing and market making, and continuously
          Being always concerned about customer demands
                                                                              consolidated the leading advantages in the equity derivatives
          Despite market fluctuations, we always adhere to the orientation    and on-exchange market making businesses. The research
          of customer demand and build a full-chain service system            platforms continuously integrated fundamental data, iterated
          through platform-based development and integrated operation.        valuation models, portrayed industry mapping, unleashed
          We promote “One Customer” internally and “One Huatai”               business value and sped up in the transformation of research
          externally to build market brands with influence and recognition.   viewpoints towards investment banking and trading products.
                                                                              The “Xing Zhi” ( 行知 ) platform of the institutional business covered
          In the field of wealth management, we firmly conveyed long-         research, investment banking and trading services. The key
          term and scientific investment concepts to over 20 million          construction of versions for corporate customers and private
          customers and accompanied customers to understand the               placement customers allowed that the demands of different
          market, seize opportunities and reduce anxiety in face of market    types of institutional customers in different stages can get
          fluctuations. We developed professional and open content            efficient response in our service systems.
          ecosystems from the perspective of customers and connected




008
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Creating long-term value by serving the real economy                  performing social responsibilities while practicing the sustainable
                                                                      development concept. Through sponsoring the establishment
As a bridge connecting real economies and the capital market,         of Huatai Foundation, we carried out long-term cooperation
we had our sights set on professional capabilities and the origin     with more professional public welfare partners and committed
of investment banking by providing professional financial services    to making more professional and in-depth efforts in rural
based on the customer’s full lifecycle, and we achieved common        revitalization, education and medical treatment, ecological
growth with industrial leaders, promoted the achievement of the       protection and other public welfare sectors. In terms of rural
entrepreneurial spirit and value, and actively exerted its power      revitalization, we continuously and solidly implemented projects
of finance to facilitate the real economy, thus contributing to       on industry, medical treatment, education and disaster
the high circulation among technology, capital and the real           prevention and mitigation. We also paid attention to the end
economy. In 2022, the Company ranked the fourth in the industry       of social governance and assisted underdeveloped regions
in terms of the equity lead-underwriting quantity and amount,         in building the capability of service institutes on social work.
ranked the third in the industry in terms of the lead-underwriting    The results of the “One Yangtze River” public welfare program
amount of bonds and ranked the second in the industry in terms        on ecological and environmental protection accumulated for

                                                                                                                                                     About Us
of the number and amount of M&A and restructuring projects            years have been displayed during the official activities of the UN
approved and registered.                                              Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity
The new cycle of science and technology revolution and                and the Convention on Wetlands, demonstrating the active
industrial evolution is picking up pace and reshaping the global      undertakings of Chinese enterprises in modern environmental
innovation landscape and economic structure. Accelerating the         governance systems to the international community.
strategic development of emerging industries, building a modern
industrial system, and achieving a high degree of self-reliance       Advancing in international development amid high-level
and self-improvement in science and technology are essential          opening
to capture the upper hand in future industrial development. Over
the years, we have continued to cultivate strategic emerging          In face of global changes, the high-level opening injected
industries such as TMT, energy and environmental protection, and      strong certainties in global economic development. Under the



                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
big health, among others. With our professional financial services    new development pattern, Chinese assets offered significant
capabilities and in-depth industrial logic serving the integrated     investment opportunities to global investors and Chinese
whole business chain service resources for research, investment,      companies should go out to explore new markets and new
investment banking and trading, we provided enterprises with          potentials. Based on our profound understanding about Chinese


                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
a full range of services from initial private financing, listing,     companies, assets and investors, we strived to continuously
refinancing, M&A and restructuring to asset securitization, helping   recommend Chinese featured assets to overseas investors,
enterprises seek suitable investment and financing and business       output first-class research services on the Chinese market,
expansion opportunities in the global capital market, thus to         provide efficient transaction execution and risk management
effectively solve the problems of enterprises and contribute its      services and guide international capitals to enter the Chinese
efforts on the enterprises’ growth, industrial transformation and     market. Meanwhile, we will serve Chinese companies to go
real economic development. Since 2012, we have served more            global, enhance the pricing power of Chinese assets in the global
than 210 technology and innovation enterprises with a total           market and more actively participate in high-level opening.
market value of RMB8.52 trillion.
                                                                      In recent years, the international business of the Company
The semiconductor industry is the core of the new generation          has always maintained the strategy main line of enhancing




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
of information technology. Over years of technical build-up,          cross-border linkage, and has been forging ahead despite the
China’s semiconductor industry is expected to embark on a new         challenging overseas market environment. In 2022, the overall
cycle of localization. We have a deep footprint in semiconductor      performance of the international business ranked among the top
design, semiconductor materials and equipment, optical chips          Chinese securities firms in Hong Kong, with its revenue share of
and other segments, providing innovative capital support for          the Group exceeding 20%; the cross-border institutional business,
enterprises to expand their R&D investment, actively serving the      such as FICC and stock derivatives, had significant market
resource matching of upstream and downstream enterprises in           advantages, and continued to provide cross-border asset
the industry and business expansion thereof, helping the global       allocation services featuring with integration and diversification
resource integration and allocation for leading enterprises, and      for northbound and southbound customers. The share of
deeply participating in the innovation and development process        sponsorship and underwriting of IPOs in Hong Kong stocks ranks
of the semiconductor industry. With the deeply advancing of           the second in the market, which better catered to the needs
“carbon peaking and carbon neutrality” strategies, the third          of Chinese enterprises in overseas financing and mergers
energy revolution with renewable energy as its main core has          and acquisitions, and has achieved multi-market coverage in
brought up new development opportunities for many industries.         mainland China, Hong Kong, Europe and the United States. The
We have achieved relatively comprehensive coverage in                 application for the establishment of the subsidiary in Singapore




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
the major segments of the new energy industry, including              was approved, making further breakthroughs in its international
photovoltaic, lithium battery and wind power industries, and have     layout. In the future, we will continue to exert our efforts in
assisted new energy companies in further raising their funds          participating interconnection, deeply deploying our roles in key
both onshore and offshore, contributing to industrial upgrading,      international markets and regions with a view to better serving




                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
technology breakthroughs and international-mode development,          the high-level opening up.
and contributing its strength to the implementation of the “carbon
peaking and carbon neutrality” strategy. We continuously              Despite changes in the environment, we will stay true to our
contributed to the construction of “Healthy China” in the new era     original aspirations in the long journey. In the face of the
with financial strength, and have formed a complete business          combination and evolving of new patterns and new changes, we
layout in the fields of biopharmaceuticals, medical devices           resolutely take the rough but correct path. With a stronger sense
and medical services. Over the years, we have assisted leading        of missions, a broader strategic horizon and more practical
companies in organizing their development strategies, actively        operation measures, we will seize historical opportunities in
connecting with their industrial resources and investors both at      the new round of opening and reform and advance towards
home and abroad, continuously helping innovative drug and             high-quality growth with all parties to create sustainable value
innovative medical device enterprises to advance their R&D            together.
pipelines, and promoting the transformation and upgrading of
large-sized pharmaceutical companies with professional and
international features.                                                                                                     CEO Zhou Yi

Adhering to long-term value, we achieved steady progresses                                                               March 30, 2023
in business amid various challenges and stepped up in




                                                                                                                                            009
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company Profile




          I. COMPANY INFORMATION
                                                 Registered capital and net capital of the Company
          Chinese name of the Company                                                                          Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

          华泰证券股份有限公司                                                As at the end of the                  As at the end of the
                                                                    Reporting Period                      previous year

          Abbreviation of Chinese name of the
          Company                                Registered
          華泰證券                                   capital            9,075,589,027.00                      9,076,650,000.00

          English name of the Company
          HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
                                                 Net capital        92,969,666,665.31                     82,314,070,326.70
          Abbreviation of English name of the
          Company
          HTSC
                                                 Qualifications of each business line of the Company
                                                 As of the end of the Reporting Period, according to the business license issued by
                                                 Jiangsu Provincial Market Regulation Administration, the business scope of the Company
                                                 includes: securities brokerage, proprietary trading of securities, securities underwriting
          Legal representative of the Company    (limited to underwriting of national bonds, debt financing instruments of non-financial
                                                 enterprises and financial bonds (including policy financial bonds) only), securities
          Zhang Wei                              investment consulting, intermediary introduction business for futures companies, margin
                                                 financing and securities lending business, agency sale of financial products, agency
                                                 sale of securities investment funds, custodian for securities investment funds, agency
          Chief Executive Officer and chairman   services for gold and other precious metals spot contracts and proprietary business for
          of the Executive Committee of the      spot gold contracts, stock options market-making business and other business activities
                                                 approved by the CSRC. (Projects that need to be approved by law shall be carried out
          Company                                upon approval by relevant authorities)
                                                 Subsequent to the Reporting Period, according to the business license issued by Jiangsu
          Zhou Yi
                                                 Provincial Market Regulation Administration, the business scope of the Company
                                                 includes: licensed items: securities business; securities investment consultancies;
                                                 sales of public offering securities investment funds; custody of securities investment
          Authorized representatives of the      fund (Projects that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon approval
          Company                                by relevant authorities, and the specific business projects are subject to the approval
                                                 results) general items: providing intermediary referrals by securities company for futures
          Zhou Yi, Zhang Hui                     companies (Except for projects that need to be approved by law, business activities can
                                                 be conducted independently with the business license in accordance with the laws)
                                                 Please refer to “Appendix I: Main Business Qualifications” in this report for the main
                                                 business qualifications of the Company.




010
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
II. CONTACT
              Secretary of the Board

Name          Zhang Hui

Address       11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Tel.          025-83387272, 83387780, 83389157

Fax           025-83387784

Email         zhanghui@htsc.com                                                                                             About Us



               Joint company secretary                            Joint company secretary

Name           Zhang Hui                                          Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne

                                                                  40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
               11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Address                                                           Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the
               Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC
                                                                  PRC



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
III. BASIC INFORMATION

Registered address of the Company        No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

                                         In July 2015, the Company has completed the change in business




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Historical changes in registered         registration, and its registered address was changed from “No. 90
address of the Company                   East Zhongshan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC” to “No. 228
                                         Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC”

Office address of the Company            No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Postal code of office address of the
                                         210019
Company

Principal place of business in Hong
                                         62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, the PRC
Kong




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Company website                          http://www.htsc.com.cn

Email                                    boardoffice@htsc.com




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Main exchange                            025-83389999

Customer service hotline                 95597 or 4008895597

Company fax                              025-83387784

Business License Unified Social
                                         91320000704041011J
Credit Code

Brief of Index inclusion                 SSE 50 Index, CSI 300 Index, MSCI China Share Index

Index of changes during the
                                         No changes during the Reporting Period
Reporting Period




                                                                                                                   011
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND LOCATION FOR INSPECTION OF
          DOCUMENTS
          Names and websites of newspapers                  China Securities Journal (https://www.cs.com.cn), Shanghai
          for disclosure of annual report of the            Securities News (https://www.cnstock.com), Securities Times
          Company                                           (http://www.stcn.com), Securities Daily (http://www.zqrb.cn)

          Websites of the stock exchanges for               Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), Hong
          disclosure of annual report of the                Kong Stock Exchange (http://www.hkexnews.hk), London Stock
          Company                                           Exchange (https://www.londonstockexchange.com)

          Location for inspection of annual report of       No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          the Company (A Share)                             PRC; Shanghai Stock Exchange

                                                            No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          Location for inspection of annual report of
                                                            PRC; 62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong,
          the Company (H Share)
                                                            the PRC

          Index of changes during the Reporting
                                                            No changes during the Reporting Period
          Period




          V. SHARES/DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS OF THE COMPANY

          Type of shares/
          depository receipts           Stock exchange for listing     Stock name                     Stock code

          A Share                       Shanghai Stock Exchange        華泰證券                           601688
          H Share                       Hong Kong Stock Exchange       HTSC                           6886
          GDR                           London Stock Exchange          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      HTSC
          The Company did not change the stock name.




          VI. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
          (I) Historical development of the Company, mainly including the reorganization and
          capital increases in the previous years

          The predecessor of the Company was Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券公司 ), which was established
          in December 1990 as approved by the headquarters of the PBOC, obtained the business license on April 9,
          1991, and officially opened for business on May 26, 1991. In 1994, the Economic Reform Commission of Jiangsu
          Province approved the conversion of the Company to be a directional stock raising company. In June 1997,
          the Company changed its name to “ 江蘇證券有限責任公司 ” (Jiangsu Securities Co., Ltd.). In March 1999, the
          Company changed its name to “ 华泰证券有限责任公司 ” (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company), and
          approved by the CSRC, the Company was converted into “ 华 泰 证 券 股 份 有 限 公 司 ” (Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd.) in its entirety on November 29, 2007. On December 7, 2007, the Company completed the business
          registration for such changes. In July 2009, the Company acquired Xintai Securities Co., Ltd. ( 信 泰 證 券 有 限
          責任公司 ). In February 2010, the Company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In June
          2015, the Company was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In June 2019, the GDR
          issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange.




012
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Major capital changes of the Company:

When it was established on April 9, 1991, the registered capital of the Company was RMB10,000,000.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB202,000,000 in June 1994.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB404,000,000 in June 1997.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB828,000,000 in May 1998.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB850,320,000 in December 1999.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB2,200,000,000 in April 2001.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,500,000,000 in November 2007.                                  About Us
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,815,438,725 on July 30, 2009.

In February 2010, the Company completed its initial public offering of 784,561,275 RMB-denominated ordinary
shares (A Shares) on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, after which the Company’s registered capital was
RMB5,600,000,000.

In June 2015, the Company completed its listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and



                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
commenced trading. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 1,562,768,800
H Shares in total, and the total share capital of the Company changed to 7,162,768,800 shares. Due to the
issuance and listing of H Shares, the relevant state-owned shareholders transferred 156,276,880 state-


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
owned shares (A Shares) of the Company held by them to SSF in the form of H Shares, on the basis of 10%
of the number of H Shares issued this time. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as
follows: 5,443,723,120 A Shares, which accounted for 76% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 24% of the total number of shares.

In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated
ordinary shares (A Shares) by way of “Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors”, after which the Company’s
registered capital was RMB8,251,500,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
follows: 6,532,454,320 A Shares, which accounted for 79% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 21% of the total number of shares.

In June 2019, the GDR issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London
Stock Exchange. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 82,515,000 GDR in
total, representing the underlying securities of 825,150,000 A Shares, after which the Company’s registered
capital was RMB9,076,650,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as follows:
7,357,604,320 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares,
which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.

In September 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A
shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027. The changes in share capital



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,356,543,347 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              013
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              General Affairs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                 Compliance and Risk Management Committee                                                                                         Remuneration and Appraisal Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Party-mass Work
                                                                                                                                  Development Strategy Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Development
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                   Nomination Committee




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategy and Development
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Department
                                                                                                            Audit Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Bank of Jiangsu Co, Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              General Office
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Huatai-PineBridge Fund
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Management Co, Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Planning and Finance
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 China Southern Asset
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Human Resources
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Holding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Inspection Department                              Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Compliance and Legal            Subsidiaries       Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Risk Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Digital Operation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Capital Operation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Wholly-owned
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Department
                                                                                                                                  Board of Directors                                      Senior Management



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Huatai Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                    General Meeting


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Information Technology
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Operating Center
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Huatai International Financial Holdings
                    (II) Organization Structure of the Company




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Company Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Fixed Income Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Innovation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Securities Investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Margin Financing and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Securities Lending Department
                                                                     Supervisory                                              Office of the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Sales and Trading
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                  of Directors
                                                                     Committee                                                                                                                                                                Debt Financing
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Asset Custody
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Research Institute
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Wealth Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Department
                                                                          Office of the

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Products
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Platform Operation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Department
                                                                     Supervisory Committee
HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Investment Advisory and
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Development Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Branches                                         Securities Branches
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   014
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(III) The First-level Onshore and Offshore Subsidiaries of the Company
                                                                                                     Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Name of the                                                         Date of                    Registered Responsible           Telephone
subsidiary                 Address                                  establishment                 capital person                No.

Huatai Securities
                     Room 1222, 6 Jilong Road, China October 16,                                                                021-
(Shanghai) Asset                                                                                260,000.00 Cui Chun
                     (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone 2014                                                                      28972188
Management Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                                                           About Us
Huatai International
                           62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s                                              HK$                        852-
Financial Holdings                                          April 5, 2017                                 Wang Lei
                           Road Central, Hong Kong, the PRC                             10,200,000,002.00                       36586000
Company Limited


Huatai Purple Gold         No. 180 Hanzhong Road, Nanjing,          August 12,                                                  025-
                                                                                               600,000.00 Cao Qun
Investment Co., Ltd.       Jiangsu Province, the PRC                2008                                                        83389999


                           Room 701-8 to 701-11, 7/F, Block

                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Huatai Innovative                                                   November 21,                                                010-
                           28, Fengsheng Hutong, Xicheng                                        350,000.00 Sun Ying
Investment Co., Ltd.                                                2013                                                        58034345
                           District, Beijing, the PRC


                         Rooms 1001-1004 and 1011-1016,                                                                                                  and Strategies
                         10/F, No.1 Mingzhu Third Street,                                                                       020-
Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                                            July 10, 1995               393,900.00 Hu Zhi
                         Hengli Town, Nansha District,                                                                          83901155
                         Guangzhou, the PRC


Shanghai Shengju     No. 12 Dongfang Road,




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                                                                              Lu                021-
Asset Operation and China (Shanghai)                                July 14, 2009                 12,100.00
                                                                                                              Chunguang         28972221
Management Co., Ltd. Pilot Free Trade Zone


                           Room 401, Building B7,
                           Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                           Fund Town, No. 128 Guiwan
Huatai United                                                       September 5,                                                010-
                           Fifth Road, Nanshan Street,                                           99,748.00 Jiang Yu
Securities Co., Ltd.                                                1997                                                        56839300
                           Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                           Cooperation Zone,
                           Shenzhen, the PRC




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                           3/F, Building 10, Financial City,
Jiangsu Equity             No. 377 Middle Jiangdong Road,                                                                       025-
                                                                    July 4, 2013                 20,000.00 Sun Hanlin



                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Exchange Co., Ltd.         Jianye District, Nanjing,                                                                            89620288
                           Jiangsu Province, the PRC


Note: In February 2023, the registered address of Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd. was changed to “No. 234 Wuyi Road, Changning District,
Shanghai City, the PRC”.




                                                                                                                                                  015
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Number and Distribution of Securities Branches and Other Branches of the Company
          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 28 securities branch offices and 243 securities
          branches. For details of the number and distribution of branch offices and securities branches of the
          Company, please refer to “Appendix II: List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this report.

          Provinces,            Number of Provinces,                Number of Provinces,             Number of
          Municipalities and    Securities Municipalities and       Securities Municipalities and    Securities
          Regions               Branches Regions                    Branches Regions                 Branches
                                                                               Inner Mongolia
          Anhui Province        5           Beijing                 6                                3
                                                                               Autonomous Region
          Hebei Province        1           Fujian Province         4          Guangdong Province    23
          Guangxi Zhuang
                                2           Hainan Province         2          Shanxi Province       1
          Autonomous Region
          Henan Province        3           Heilongjiang Province   5          Jilin Province        3
          Hubei Province        29          Hunan Province          3          Jiangxi Province      3
          Jiangsu Province      93          Liaoning Province       7          Shandong Province     7
          Shanghai              16          Sichuan Province        7          Guizhou Province      1
          Chongqing             1           Tianjin                 4          Gansu Province        1
                                                                               Xinjiang Uygur
          Shaanxi Province      2           Qinghai Province        1                                1
                                                                               Autonomous Region
          Ningxia Hui
                                1           Zhejiang Province       8          -                     -
          Autonomous Region




016
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
VII. OTHER INFORMATION
(I) Accounting Firms
                                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                              Name
                                                                 Accountants LLP
Accounting firm engaged by
                                                                 30/F, 222 Yan An Road East, Huangpu District,
the Company (domestic)        Office address
                                                                 Shanghai, the PRC

                              Name of the signatory accountant   Hu Xiaojun, Han Jian


                                                                                                                                   About Us
                                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Registered PIE Auditor under
                              Name
                                                                 the Hong Kong Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
Accounting firm engaged by
                                                                 35/F, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong, the
the Company (Hong Kong)       Office address
                                                                 PRC

                              Name of the signatory accountant   Tang Yequan

                                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public
                              Name
                                                                 Accountants LLP
Accounting firm engaged



                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
by the Company (United                                           30/F, 222 Yan An Road East, Huangpu District,
                              Office address
Kingdom)                                                         Shanghai, the PRC




                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                              Name of the signatory accountant   Hu Xiaojun




(II) Legal Advisors

                             Name                                King & Wood Mallesons
Legal advisor engaged by the
Company (domestic)                                               18/F, East Tower, World Financial Center 1 Middle East




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                             Office address
                                                                 3rd Ring Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC

                             Name                                Clifford Chance
Legal advisor engaged by the
Company (overseas)                                               27/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong
                             Office address
                                                                 Kong, the PRC




(III) Share registrars
                                                                 China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
                              Name




                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                                 Limited, Shanghai Branch
Share registrar for A Share
                                                                 No. 188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area,
                              Office address
                                                                 Shanghai, the PRC




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                              Name                               Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Share registrar for H Share                                      Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s
                              Office address
                                                                 Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC




                                                                                                                          017
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of the
          Results




          I. KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS

          (I) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Three Years
                                                                                     Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                      Increase/
          Item                                            2022             2021    decrease (%)                2020

          Total revenue, other income and gains     46,824,372       51,926,404           (9.83)         40,534,436

          Profit before income tax                   12,228,038      16,272,562          (24.85)          13,504,376

          Profit of this year-attributable to
                                                     11,052,696       13,346,106          (17.18)         10,822,497
          shareholders of the Company

          Net cash generated from/(used in)
                                                    70,290,567     (65,337,094)              N/A       (13,868,924)
          operating activities

          Total amount of other comprehensive
                                                      1,195,949      (626,084)               N/A           (539,317)
          income after tax this year

                                                                                     Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                    At the end      At the end        Increase/          At the end
          Item                                          of 2022         of 2021    decrease (%)              of 2020

          Total assets                             846,567,016     806,650,833              4.95         716,751,235

          Total liabilities                         678,718,307     654,615,049             3.68       584,439,200

          Total equity attributable to
                                                    165,087,201     148,422,810             11.23        129,071,500
          shareholders of the Company

          Total shareholders’ equity                167,848,709     152,035,784            10.40         132,312,035

          Total share capital (shares)            9,075,589,027   9,076,650,000            (0.01)    9,076,650,000




018
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(II) Key financial indicators
Key financial indicators                                                2022             2021      Increase/decrease (%)                     2020

Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                      1.18            1.47                           (19.73)               1.20

Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                                    1.16            1.46                          (20.55)                 1.19

                                                                                                          Decrease of 2.35
ROE (%)                                                                  7.49            9.84                                                  8.61
                                                                                                         percentage points

                                                                                                            Decrease of 1.12
                                                                                                                                                                About Us
Debt-to-assets ratio (%)                                                75.81           76.93                                                77.20
                                                                                                         percentage points

Net assets attributable to the Company’s
                                                                        16.24           15.25                               6.49              14.22
ordinary shareholders per share (RMB/share)

Note 1: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets – accounts payable to brokerage clients).
Note 2: Net assets attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders per share were net of the effect of perpetual bonds.




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
(III) Net Capital of the Parent Company and Risk Control Indexes
                                                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                           As of the end of the                          As of the end of the
Item                                                                          Reporting Period                                 previous year

Net capital                                                                  92,969,666,665.31                                82,314,070,326.70

Net assets                                                                   143,634,206,572.73                              126,702,081,824.87

Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                                      240.12                                        246.45




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Net capital/net assets (%)                                                                    64.73                                          64.97

Net capital/liabilities (%)                                                                      23.14                                        21.42

Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                                    35.75                                          32.97

Value of proprietary equity securities and
                                                                                              45.73                                          49.80
derivatives/net capital (%)

Value of proprietary non-equity securities and
                                                                                             316.82                                         291.29
derivatives/net capital (%)

Core net capital                                                                 61,979,777,776.88                           58,314,070,326.70



                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Supplementary net capital                                                   30,989,888,888.44                               24,000,000,000.00




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Total risk capital provision                                                     38,717,728,473.17                          33,399,876,683.34

Total on-balance and off-balance assets                                    483,308,624,857.94                              422,846,924,915.98

Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                                       14.10                                       15.99

Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                 166.57                                         169.68

Net stable funding ratio (%)                                                                 129.33                                         126.98




                                                                                                                                                       019
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Key Performance Indicators
          Total Equity attributable to shareholders of the                       Profit for the period–attributable to shareholders
          Company               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB             of the Company         Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

         2,000                                                                   150
                                                                                                                                   133.46
                                                                      1,650.87
                                                            1,484.23             120                                                        110.53
         1,500                                                                                                            108.22
                                                    1,290.71
                                         1,225.37                                               92.77           90.02
                                                                                  90
                                 1,033.94
         1,000
                 843.57 873.36                                                          62.71
                                                                                  60                    50.33

          500
                                                                                  30


            0                                                                      0
                 2016    2017     2018      2019     2020      2021    2022             2016    2017    2018    2019      2020     2021     2022

          Source: Regular reports of the Company                                 Source: Regular reports of the Company




020
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
  WEALTH                             INSTITUTIONAL                          INVESTMENT                            INTERANTIONAL
  MANAGEMENT                         SERVICES                               MANAGEMENT                            BUSINESS
  BUSINESS                           BUSINESS                               BUSINESS
Equity and fund trading volume     Equity underwriting amount            Total asset management scale          AssetMark AoP

RMB                                RMB                                   RMB                                   USD



38.76 trillion                     155.369 billion 479.614 billion 91.47 billion
  1               Market ranking
                                     4                  Market ranking
                                                                                                                                                                            About Us


The number of monthly active       Bond underwriting amount              Average monthly scale of private      The market share of AssetMark
users of ZhangLe Fortune Path                                            asset under active management
                                   RMB
                                                                         RMB


9.2683 million 980.402billion 43.321 billion                                                                   11.2%
                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
  1                                  3                                     3                                       3
                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                  Market ranking                        Market ranking                        Market ranking                                 Market ranking


Balance of margin financing        Number of merger, acquisition         The number of enterprise asset        Explanations: The data of equity and fund
                                                                                                               trading volume is quoted from the statistics
and securities lending business    and reorganization                    securitization issuance               of members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                                                                               and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, and the
                                   (approved and registered by CSRC)
RMB                                                                                                            business ranking of equity and fund trading is
                                                                                                               quoted from Company’s internal statistics; the
                                                                                                               number of monthly active users of ZhangLe
                                                                                                               Fortune Path and its ranking are quoted from



112.347 billion 9                                                        130
                                                                                                               the statistics of Analysys in December 2022; the
                                                                                                               balance of margin financing and securities
                                                                                                               lending is quoted from the regulatory
                                                                                                               statements of the Company and the business
                                                                                                               ranking of margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                                                               lending is quoted from Company’s internal
                                                                                                               statistics; the holding scale and ranking of



  2                                  2                                     2
                                                                                                               non-monetary market funds are quoted
                                                                                                               from the statistics from Asset Management
                                                                                                               Association of China as of the fourth quarter
                                                                                                               of 2022; the amount and ranking of equity
                                                                                                               underwriting and bond underwriting are
                                                                                                               quoted from Wind; the number and amount
                                                        Market ranking                        Market ranking   of merger, acquisition and reorganization
                                                                                                               and its ranking are quoted from the statistics
                                                                                                               of merger, acquisition and reorganization
Holding scale of non-monetary      Amount of merger, acquisition         Scale of enterprise asset             transactions approved and registered by the
                                                                                                               CSRC based on the information available to
market funds                       and reorganization                    securitization issuance               the public; the total asset management scale
RMB                                (approved and registered by CSRC)     RMB                                   is quoted from the regulatory statements of
                                                                                                               Huatai Asset Management; average monthly
                                   RMB                                                                         scale of private equity funds of private equity
                                                                                                               subsidiaries and its ranking are quoted
                                                                                                               from the statistics from Asset Management



136.7 billion                      165.067 billion 130.5 billion
                                                                                                               Association of China as of the fourth quarter
                                                                                                               of 2022; the issuing number and total amount
                                                                                                               of enterprise asset securitization and its
                                                                                                               ranking are quoted from Wind; AssetMark AoP
                                                                                                               are quoted from the internal statistics of the
                                                                                                               Company as of the end of the fourth quarter
                                                                                                               of 2022; the market share of AssetMark and its



                                                                            3
                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
  2                                  2
                                                                                                               ranking are quoted from Cerulli Associates and
                                                                                                               the TAMP industrial analysis on relevant public
                                                                                                               information as of the end of the third quarter of
                                                                                                               2022; for the terms without special illustration,
                                                                                                               the information is from the statistics by the end
                  Market ranking                        Market ranking                        Market ranking   of the Reporting Period and the statistics for
                                                                                                               the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                   021
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (V) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years
          The financial conditions for the past five years are as follows:
          1. Profitability
                                                                                                                      Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
          Item                                                             2022               2021              2020               2019               2018

          Total revenue, other income and gains                    46,824,372          51,926,404       40,534,436            32,436,781       24,506,734

          Total expenses                                            35,815,380        38,283,823          31,233,707          23,577,265         19,017,372

          Share of profits of associates and joint
                                                                      1,219,046         2,629,981         4,203,647           2,726,449           959,309
          ventures

          Profit before income tax                                  12,228,038         16,272,562         13,504,376          11,585,965         6,448,671

          Profit of this year-attributable to
                                                                    11,052,696         13,346,106         10,822,497           9,001,644         5,032,738
          shareholders of the Company



          2. Assets
                                                                                                                      Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                         December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
          Item                                                 2022         2021         2020         2019         2018

          Total assets                                      846,567,016        806,650,833            716,751,235        562,180,638        368,665,874

          Total liabilities                                 678,718,307         654,615,049         584,439,200         436,525,930            263,916,270

          Accounts payable to brokerage
                                                             152,551,723         147,501,833         136,387,634          89,817,920            59,492,176
          clients

          Total equity attributable to
                                                             165,087,201         148,422,810          129,071,500        122,537,479           103,393,577
          shareholders of the Company

          Total equity                                      167,848,709          152,035,784          132,312,035        125,654,708           104,749,604

          Total share capital (shares)                   9,075,589,027 9,076,650,000 9,076,650,000 9,076,650,000                           8,251,500,000



          3. Key Financial Indicators

          Item                                                                       2022            2021             2020             2019           2018

          Dividend per share (RMB)                                                   0.45             0.45           0.40              0.30       0.60Note 1

          Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                         1.18            1.47           1.20              1.04          0.66

          Dilutive earnings per share (RMB/share)                                      1.16           1.46             1.19             1.03          0.66

          ROE (%)                                                                     7.49           9.84             8.61             7.94            5.32

          Debt-to-assets ratio (%)Note 2                                             75.81          76.93           77.20             73.40           66.12

          Net assets attributable to ordinary shareholders
                                                                                     16.24           15.25           14.22            13.50           12.53
          of the Company per share (RMB/share)Note 3

          Note 1: According to the resolution passed at the 2018 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company, the Company has implemented
          the 2018 interim profit distribution plan by distributing a cash dividend of RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the total share capital
          of 8,251,500,000 shares, with a total cash dividend of RMB2,475,450,000.00. Meanwhile, according to the resolution passed at the 2018 Annual
          General Meeting of the Company, the Company has implemented the 2018 annual profit distribution plan by distributing a cash dividend of
          RMB3.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares, with a total cash dividend of RMB2,722,995,000.00.
          Note 2: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets – accounts payable to brokerage clients).
          Note 3: Net assets attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders per share were net of the effect of perpetual bonds.




022
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
II. DIFFERENCES IN FINANCIAL DATA PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE
WITH DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
There is no difference between the net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for 2022 and 2021
and the net assets attributable to shareholders of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December
31, 2021 set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the CASBE and in the
consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRSs.



III. ITEMS MEASURED UNDER FAIR VALUE
                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                          Effect on the profit
                                 Balance at the     Balance at the      Change in the          of the current
Name of items                   end of last year    end of the year     current period     period in amount

Financial assets at fair
                                    355,259,172        350,804,545         (4,454,627)            (13,037,891)
value through profit or loss

Equity instruments at


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
fair value through other                 163,138            241,587             78,449                        –
comprehensive income



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Debt instruments at
fair value through other               9,314,699         10,504,379           1,189,680                139,239
comprehensive income

Derivative financial
                                      4,604,583            6,150,176         1,545,593              18,974,293
instruments

Financial liabilities at fair
                                       31,122,918       48,575,559           17,452,641                 288,411




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
value through profit or loss




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   023
026
2   OPERATING ANALYSIS
    AND STRATEGIES
Summary of the Company’s Business     030

Management Discussion and Analysis    046
            and Report of the Board
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of the
          Company's Business




          I. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR INDUSTRY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          Our Group conducts business operations in the securities industry of which the operating income and
          profit levels are highly dependent on the securities market trend and characterized by strong periodicity
          and fluctuations. Our Group’s securities related businesses are dependent on and also benefit from the
          economic growth and the development and performance of the capital market in the PRC, and are
          also influenced by various factors including economic environment, regulatory environment, investor
          sentiment and international market. The Group has maintained strong overall competitiveness with capital
          scale, profitability, business strength and risk management capabilities ranking the top in the industry.
          Details of industry position of the Group’s principal businesses during the Reporting Period, please refer
          to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in the section headed “Operation
          Discussion and Analysis” of this report.

          With the reshaping of rules on the capital market as a result of the promulgation and implementation of
          the new Securities Law in recent years, the establishment of a more mature and steady capital market
          infrastructure system is speeding up. With the profound reform of the development ecology of the capital
          market and the profitability base of the securities industry, the landscape of the industry is advancing
          towards advanced levels under the competitions on providing customers with comprehensive and
          platform-based services covering the entire business chain and the full lifecycle. The securities industry
          will embrace historical opportunities for comprehensive development. Under the background of building
          a more systematic modern capital market with more Chinese characteristics and with the continuous
          advancing of the deep reform of the capital market led by the full implementation of registration system,
          the in-depth development of the high-level twoway institutional opening as well as the in-depth integration
          of FINTECH and businesses of securities companies, the capabilities of the capital market on serving
          national strategies and the transformation and development of real economies are increasingly enhanced,
          which implies that securities companies equipped with truly core capabilities of modern investment banks
          will win the initiative in future development and transformation through worldwide resources allocation,
          customer services and risk management. At the same time, the increasing improvement of the strategic
          positioning and the continuous enhancement of the pivotal functions of the capital market have brought
          new opportunities for the development of the securities industry while presenting new challenges for the
          high-quality development of the securities industry, the comprehensive service capability and risk control of
          securities companies.




030
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
II. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR BUSINESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
The Group is a leading technology-driven securities group in China, with a highly collaborative business
model, a cutting-edge digital platform and an extensive and engaging customer base. Our principal
businesses comprise wealth management business, institutional services business, investment
management business and international business. The Group constructs a client-oriented organizational
structure and mechanism, provides comprehensive securities and financial services for individual and
institutional clients through an organic online-offline synergy, and aims to become a leading investment
bank with strong domestic advantages and global influence.




Strategic        Striving to Become a First-Class Investment Bank                                                                                                        About Us
Vision
                 With Both Domestic Advantages and Global Influence


Wealth management                                                           an d O ver se
                                                                                                                                 Institutional services
                                                                       ti c               as
                                                                    e s i n ka g e
                                                                       L
                                                             om
Maintaining leadership in services                      D                                                                Providing customers with first-class


                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
and platforms                                                                                                            comprehensive integrated financial
                                                                                                                                                     services
                                                            h ole                              O n lin e and O




                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                         fW                                        I nte g ra f f
                                                     n o in
International business                          ti o C h a                                                   ti o li n     Investment management
                                                   s                                                             n
                                                           Coll                                e
                                                           Busabo
Helping customers grasp the                                     i n ra
                                                                   es
                                                                                                                              Developing outstanding asset
opportunities of international                                                                                                         management brand
asset allocation



                                                 Fintech Empowerment




           We provide customers with diversified wealth management services, including securities, futures and                                                           Corporate Governance
           options brokerage, financial products sales, fund investment advisory business, and capital-based
           intermediary business through mobile APP, professional PC platforms, subsidiaries and securities and
           futures branch offices, Huatai International and its affiliated overseas subsidiaries, in online and offline
           modes, domestic and overseas linkage. For securities, futures and options brokerage, we mainly execute
           trades on behalf of our clients in stocks, funds, bonds, futures and options, etc. to provide trading services.
Wealth     For financial products sales business, we mainly provide customers with a variety of financial products
management sales services and asset allocation services, and the related financial products are managed by the Group


                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
business   and other financial institutions. Our fund investment advisory business mainly entails upon acceptance
           of clients’ engagement, selecting specific category, amount and timing of trading of investment funds
           on behalf of our clients within the scope of clients’ authorization in accordance with terms of agreement
           and submitting trading applications including, among others, subscription, redemption and conversion. In




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
           respect of capitalbased intermediary business, we provide diversified financing services including margin
           financing and securities lending as well as stock pledged repurchase. Key performance drivers to wealth
           management business include fee and commission income, interest income, etc.




                                                                                                                                                                031
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                            With institutional sales serving as a link, we integrate investment banking, institutional investor services and
                            investment trading business resources to provide various types of corporate and institutional clients with
                            all-round comprehensive financial services, which mainly include investment banking business, prime
                            brokerage business, research and institutional sales business and investment and trading business.
                            (1) Investment banking business primarily consists of domestic and overseas equity financing, bond
                            financing, financial advisory, OTC business, etc. For equity financing business, we provide issuance and
                            underwriting domestic and overseas IPO, equity refinancing and depository receipts for our clients. For bond
                            financing business, we provide services including various types of domestic and overseas bond financing
                            and asset securitization for our clients. For financial advisory business, we provide services including
                            reform of State-owned enterprises, industrial merger and acquisition, share acquisition, financing advisory,
                            corporate restructure and public offering REITs for our clients. For OTC business, we provide clients with
                            NEEQ listing and follow-on financing services, and relevant OTC businesses engaged in by Jiangsu Equity
                            Exchange. Key performance drivers to investment banking business include underwriting and sponsorship
                            fees, financial advisory fees, etc.
                            (2) Prime brokerage business mainly includes the provision of asset custody and fund services for various
                            types of asset management institutions, such as private and public funds, including settlement, liquidation,
                            reporting and valuation. In addition, it also provides margin trading, sales of financial products and other
          Institutional
                            value-added services for clients of prime brokerage. Key performance drivers to prime brokerage business
          services          include fees for fund custody and service business.
          business          (3) Research and institutional sales business mainly consists of research business and institutional sales
                            business. For research business, we provide various professional research and advisory services for
                            clients. For institutional sales business, we promote and sell securities products and services to clients. Key
                            performance drivers to research and institutional sales business include incomes from services concerning
                            various research and financial products.
                            (4) Investment and trading business mainly includes equity trading, FICC trading and OTC derivative
                            transaction. The Group conducts equity, FICC and other financial instruments transactions with its
                            own funds, and reduces investment risks and increases returns through various trading strategies and
                            techniques. At the same time, in order to meet customers’ needs for investment and financing as well as
                            risk management, we also engage in market making business and OTC derivatives business. In terms of
                            equity trading, we invest and trade stocks, ETFs and derivatives, and engage in market making services
                            for stocks in the STAR Market and financial products. In terms of FICC trading, we invest and trade all kinds
                            of FICC and derivatives in the interbank and exchange bond markets, and engage in the inter-bank bond
                            market and bond connect market making services. In terms of OTC derivative transactions, we develop
                            and trade OTC financial products for customers, mainly including equity return swaps, OTC options and
                            structured notes. Key performance drivers to investment and trading business include various investment
                            incomes from equity, FICC products and derivatives, business income, etc.

                     We accept fund entrustments from clients, develop and provide various financial products for our
                     clients and manage their assets through our professional investment and research platform as well as
                     our substantial client base, effectively satisfying their investment and financing needs. Our investment
                     management business mainly consists of securities firm asset management, private equity fund
                     management and asset management for fund companies, etc. For securities firm asset management,
                     we participate in the operation of securities firm asset management business through our wholly-owned
                     subsidiary Huatai Asset Management; such business includes collective asset management business,
          Investment single asset management business, specialized asset management business and public offering
          management fund management business (which is operated on a differentiated basis from our public offering fund
          business   management business for fund companies under the Group). For private equity fund management
                     business, we operate private equity funds business, which includes investment and management of
                     private equity funds, through our wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai Purple Gold Investment. For asset
                     management business for fund companies, the Group holds non-controlling interests in two public offering
                     fund management companies, namely China Southern Asset Management and Huatai-PineBridge,
                     through which we participate in the operation of asset management business for fund companies.
                     Key performance drivers to asset management business include management fee, performance fee,
                     investment income, etc.




032
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                The Group operates international business covering various countries and regions including Hong Kong
                and the United States through its wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai International, and the wholly-owned
                subsidiaries of Huatai International including Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), AssetMark and
                Huatai Securities (USA). In September 2022, Huatai International established a wholly-owned subsidiary in
                Singapore, and the application for relevant business licenses is under stable progress.
                The operations of the Group in Hong Kong are mainly conducted by Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
                Kong), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International, primarily including equity business platform,
                fixed-income business platform, wealth management platform, fund platform and flagship investment
                banking business. Through the equity business platform, we conduct trading, design and sales of cross-
                border equity derivatives, providing capital-based intermediary services in respect of various equity capital
                for our clients, and provide universal integrated financial services covering both domestic and overseas


                                                                                                                                             About Us
                markets and various industries for institutional clients around the globe. Through the fix-income business
                platform, we carry out investment and trading of a variety of FICC and derivative instruments and provide
                FICC solutions for all product categories, such as sales, trading and market making services to various
                institutional clients. Through the wealth management platform, we provide brokerage, margin financing
                and wealth management services in respect of different categories of assets around the globe for our
                clients, satisfying their multi-level and comprehensive financial needs. In respect of the fund platform,
                we provide customized solutions in fields such as leveraged buyout, strategic M&A, prelisting financing
                and business expansion for our clients through the Greater Bay Area Fund under our management; the
                China Concept Stock Return Fund focuses on mid to late-stage investment, crossborder M&A and split
                and privatization investment opportunities in industries with growth potential. For flagship investment



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                banking business, aiming to establish a fullservice and cross-border investment banking platform system,
                we provide both Chinese and international customers with equity and bond underwriting and sponsoring
                services, as well as financial advisory services. In September 2019, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                obtained its membership of the London Stock Exchange and completed the registration as a UK Cross-
                border Conversion Agency for Shanghai-London Stock Connect GDRs on the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
International   thus is capable of providing clients with the whole-process services of the issuance and trade of GDRs.
business        In December 2020, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) became the first financial institution in Asia
                that obtained the qualification as market maker of the London Stock Exchange. In December 2021, Huatai
                Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) was formally admitted as the member of Turquoise under the London
                Stock Exchange Group. In 2022, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) officially obtained the qualification
                as a participant of the Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPAC) Exchange of the Hong Kong
                Stock Exchange, making it one of the first Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong obtaining such




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                qualification; and it obtained the registration as a cross-border conversion agency for stock connect global
                depository receipts granted by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, making it one of the first agencies registered
                with the Shenzhen Stock Exchange to carry out cross-border conversion business following the revision of
                the rules of Shanghai-London Stock Connect and the dual expansion of the applicability in 2022.
                The Group completed the acquisition of AssetMark in 2016. AssetMark is a leading turn-key asset
                management platform in the United States and a third-party financial service institution that provides a
                series of services and an advanced and convenient technology platform for investment advisors in respect
                of investment strategies and asset portfolios management, customer relations management and asset
                custody. In July 2019, AssetMark completed its listing on the New York Stock Exchange in the United States.
                In July 2021, AssetMark completed the acquisition of Voyant to further optimize its technology platform and
                operating environment and thus maintain its leading position among the turn-key asset management
                platforms. In December 2022, AssetMark completed the acquisition of Adhesion Wealth to continue to
                construct a leading business model and an advanced technology platform.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                In September 2018, Huatai Securities (USA) was registered in Delaware, USA as a foreign wholly-owned
                subsidiary of Huatai International, aiming to promote the development of international business. In June
                2019, upon approval from the US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Huatai Securities (USA) obtained
                the US broker-dealer license. In 2020, it obtained the US proprietary trading license. In 2021, it obtained the




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
                business qualification for securities trading with institutional investors in Canada. In 2022, it obtained market
                access to major stock exchanges in Europe.
                Key performance drivers to international business include brokerage commission, underwriting sponsorship
                fee, advisory fee, interest income, asset management fee, etc.




                                                                                                                                    033
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          III. AWARDS AND HONORS
          (I) Key awards and honors of the Group

          The selection of “2022 Golden Bull Award” (2022 金牛獎 ) held by China Securities Journal:
             The Company was awarded “Golden Bull Securities Company” ( 金牛證券公司 ), “Golden Bull Award for
          Cultural Construction of Securities Companies” ( 證 券 公 司 文 化 建 設 金 牛 獎 ), “Golden Bull Award for Social
          Responsibilities of Securities Companies” ( 證券公司社會責任金牛獎 ) and other awards

          The selection of “Best Practice of Office of Board of Directors of Public Companies 2022” (2022 年度上市公司
          董辦最佳實踐 ) organized by China Association for Public Companies:
             The Company was awarded “Best Practice of Office of Board of Directors of Public Companies 2022”



          (II) Key awards and honors of the business segments of the Company

          Wealth management business

                                                                The data from Analysys:
          Shanghai Stock Exchange:
                                                                     “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) ranked the
             The Company was awarded “2021 Top 10               first in terms of average NMAU in 2022
          Options Brokers” (2021 年度十佳期權經紀商 ) and “2021
          Outstanding Options Market Maker” (2021 年度優秀期         The selection of the “Seventh Session of Broker APP List”
          權做市商 )                                                ( 第七屆券商 APP 風雲榜 ) organized by Sina Finance:

          Shenzhen Stock Exchange:                                  “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) was recognized
                                                                as “Top 10 APP Award of the Year” ( 年 度 十 佳 APP), “Best
             The Company was awarded “2021 Outstanding          Functional Innovation APP” ( 最佳功能創新 APP) and “Users’
          Stock Options Brokers” (2021 年度優秀股票期權經紀商 ),           Favorite APP” ( 最受用戶喜愛 APP)
          “Top 10 Stock Options Market Expansion Brokers for
          2021” (2021 年度股票期權市場拓展十佳經紀商 ) and “2021               The selection of “2021-2022 FINTECH Award” (2021-
          Excellent Stock Options Market Maker” (2021 年度優秀      2022 年度金融科技獎 ) organized by The Asset:
          股票期權做市商 )                                                “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) was recognized as
          HKEX:                                                 “Best Mobile Brokerage Application (Hong Kong Area)”
                                                                ( 香港地區最佳手機券商 APP)
             The Company was awarded “2021 Outstanding
          Broker Award of Southbound Trading” (2021 年 港 股       The selection of “2021 FINTECH Awards” (2021 年金融科
          通 卓 越 券 商 獎 ) and “2021 Investor Education Active     技 大 獎 ) organized by ETnet, a professional financial
          Broker Award of Southbound Trading” (2021 年港股通        information platform:
          投資者教育積極券商獎 )                                             “ZhangLe Global” (漲樂全球通) was awarded “Trading
          The selection of “2022 Junding Award in China’s       System – Outstanding Comprehensive Wealth
          Securities Industry” (2022 中國證券業君鼎獎 ) organized       Management Platform” ( 交易系統－ 傑出全方位財富管
          by Securities Times:                                  理平台 )

              The Company was awarded “2022 Junding             The selection of the “First Session of Golden Advisory
          Award for All-round Wealth Management Broker          Award for Fund Investment Advisors” ( 第一屆金諮獎基
          in China’s Securities Industry” (2022 中 國 證 券 業 全 能   金投顧 ) organized by Xinhua Finance:
          財 富 經 紀 商 君 鼎 獎 ), “2022 Junding Award for Fund            The Company was awarded “Golden Advisory
          Investment Advisor in China’s Securities Industry”    Award for Fund Investment Advisors” ( 基 金 投 顧 金 諮
          (2022 中國證券業基金投顧君鼎獎 ) and other awards                 獎 ), “First Prize in the Golden Advisory List for Advisory
             “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) was awarded       Services” ( 顧 問 服 務 金 諮 榜 第 一 名 ), “First Prize in the
          “2022 Junding Award for Wealth Management             Golden Advisory List for System Operation ” ( 系統營運
          Service Brand in China’s Securities Industry” (2022   金諮榜第一名 ) , “Third Prize in the Golden Advisory List
          中國證券業財富服務品牌君鼎獎 )                                      for Investment Research (First Prize among Brokers)”
                                                                ( 投資研究金諮榜第三名 ( 券商第一 )), etc.




034
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Institutional services business

Shanghai Stock Exchange:                                  The selection of the “Fifteenth Session of Best
                                                          Investment Bank” ( 第 十 五 屆 最 佳 投 行 ) organized by
   Huatai United Securities was awarded “2021
                                                          New Fortune (《新財富》):
Outstanding Underwriter of Corporate Bonds” (2021
年 度 公 司 債 券 優 秀 承 銷 商 ), “2021 Credit Bond High                Huatai United Securities was awarded “Best
Quality Development Promotion Award” (2021 年              Domestic Investment Bank” ( 本 土 最 佳 投 行 ), “Most
度信用債高質量發展推進獎 ) and “2021 Excellent Trust                  Innovative Investment Bank” ( 最具創新能力投行 ), “Best
Manager” (2021 年度優秀受託管理人 )                                Investment Bank in Equity Underwriting” ( 最佳股權承
                                                          銷投行 ), “Best Investment Bank in Bond Underwriting”

                                                                                                                             About Us
Shenzhen Stock Exchange:
                                                          ( 最 佳 債 權 承 銷 投 行 ), “Best Refinancing Investment
    Huatai United Securities was awarded “2021            Bank” ( 最佳再融資投行 ), “Best IPO Investment Bank” ( 最
Outstanding Bond Duration Management                      佳 IPO 投 行 ), “Best Investment Bank in Mergers and
Institution” (2021 年度優秀債券存續期管理機構 ), “2021                 Acquisitions” ( 最 佳 併 購 投 行 ), “Best Investment Bank
Outstanding Corporate Bond Underwriter” (2021 年度          in Serving Overseas Markets” ( 海外市場能力最佳投行 ),
優秀公司債券承銷商 ), “2021 Outstanding Intermediary               etc.
Agencies of Infrastructure Public Offering REITs” (2021
                                                          The selection of “Institutional Investor • Caixin All –
年度優秀基礎設施公募 REITs 中介機構 ), etc.
                                                          China Research Team Awards” ( 機構投資者 • 財新資本


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
The selection of “2022 Junding Award in China’s           市場分析師成就獎 ) in 2022:
Securities Industry” (2022 中國證券業君鼎獎 ) organized
                                                             The Company was awarded “Best Analyst Team

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
by Securities Times:
                                                          (Mainland China) No. 3” ( 最佳分析師團隊 ( 大陸 ) 第三
    Huatai United Securities was awarded “2022            名 ), “Best Analyst Team (Overseas) No. 7” ( 最 佳 分 析
Junding Award for All-round Investment Bank in            師 團 隊 ( 海 外 ) 第 七 名 ), “Best Sales Teams (Mainland
China’s Securities Industry” (2022 年中國證券業全能投              China) No. 1” ( 最佳銷售團隊 ( 大陸 ) 第一名 ), “Best Sales
行君鼎獎 ),“2022 Junding Award for Financial Advisor          Teams (Overseas) No. 10” ( 最佳銷售團隊 ( 海外 ) 第十
in China’s Securities Industry ” (2022 年中國證券業財            名 ), “Best Enterprise Relationship Teams (Mainland
務顧問君鼎獎 ), “2022 Junding Award for STAR Market             China) No. 1” ( 最佳企業關係團隊 ( 大陸 ) 第一名 ), “Best
                                                          Enterprise Relationship Teams (Overseas) No.7” ( 最佳




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Investment Bank in China’s Securities Industry”(2022
年中國證券業科創板投行君鼎獎 ), etc.                                    企業關係團隊 ( 海外 ) 第七名 ), etc.




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                    035
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Investment management business

          Shanghai Stock Exchange:

              Huatai Asset Management was awarded
          “Outstanding Manager for Asset Securitization          Shenzhen Stock Exchange:
          Business for 2021” (2021 年度資產證券化業務優秀管理                      Huatai Asset Management was awarded
          人 ) and “Excellent Manager for Asset Securitization    “Outstanding Manage r for Special Asset-backed Plans
          Innovative Business for 2021” (2021 年度資產證券化創           for 2021” (2021 年度優秀資產支持專項計劃管理人 )
          新業務優秀管理人 )
                                                                     China Southern Asset Management was awarded
               China Southern Asset Management was               “Outstanding ETF Fund Manager for 2021” (2021 年度優秀
          awarded “2021 Outstanding Bond Investment              ETF 基金管理人 ) and “2021 Fund Market Investor Service
          Institution” (2021 年 度 優 秀 債 券 投 資 機 構 ) and “2021     Award” (2021 年度基金市場投資者服務獎 )
          Outstanding Bond Dealer” (2021 年度債券優秀交易商 )
                                                                 Shanghai Securities News:
          The selection of “2022 Junding Award in China’s
          Securities Industry” (2022 中國證券業君鼎獎 ) organized           China Southern Asset Management was awarded
          by Securities Times:                                   “Golden Fund • Fund Management Company for
                                                                 Passive Investment Award” ( 金基金 • 被動投資基金管理
             Huatai Asset Management was awarded “2022           公司獎 )
          Junding Award for All-round Asset Management
          Agency in China’s Securities Industry” (2022 中國證券         Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Golden Fund •
          業全能資管機構君鼎獎 )                                           Fund Management Company for Passive Investment
                                                                 Award” ( 金基金 • 被動投資基金管理公司獎 )
          The selection of “ChinaVenture Awards for 2021” ( 投
          中 2021 年度榜 ) held by ChinaVenture Investment:          China Securities Journal:

              Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded              Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded
          “Best Chinese Private Equity Investment Institutions   “Golden Bull Outstanding Brokers for Equity Investment”
          TOP 20” ( 中國最佳中資私募股權投資機構 TOP 20), “Best                ( 金牛券商股權投資卓越機構 )
          China Private Equity Investment Institutions TOP 50”      China Southern Asset Management was awarded
          ( 中 國 最 佳 私 募 股 權 投 資 機 構 TOP 50), “Best Chinese       “Golden Bull Fund Company for Passive Investment”( 被
          Subsidiaries of Brokers for Private Funds TOP 10”      動投資金牛基金公司獎 )
          ( 中國最佳券商私募基金子公司 TOP 10), “Best Chinese
          Limited Partners TOP 30” ( 中 國 最 佳 有 限 合 夥 人 TOP         Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Golden Bull Fund
          30), “Best Institutions for Investment in Biomedical   Company for Passive Investment”( 被動投資金牛基金公
          Fields TOP 30 in China’s Medical and Health Service    司獎 )
          Industry” ( 中國醫療及健康服務產業最佳生物醫藥領域投
          資機構 TOP 30), etc.




036
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
International business

The selection of “2021 Annual Awards” (2021 年 度
獎 項 ) organized by PDI (Private Debt Investor),
an internationally renowned private debt                The selection of “China Securities Golden Ba uhi ni a
industry magazine:                                      Awa rd” ( 中國證券金紫荊獎 ) organized by Hong Kong
                                                        Ta Kung Wen Wei Media Group:
    Huatai International was awarded “Best
Private Debt Investor (Asia-Pacific Region)” ( 最           Huatai International was awarded “Outstanding
佳 私 募 債 投 資 機 構 ( 亞 太 區 )) , “ Best Real Estate         Securities Services Agency” ( 卓越證券服務機構 )
Private Debt Investment Fund Manager (Asia-

                                                                                                                         About Us
                                                        The selection of “2022 Junding Award in China’s
Pacific Region)” ( 最佳地產私募債投資基金經理 ( 亞
                                                        Securities Industry” (2022 中國證券業君鼎獎 ) organized
太區 )), “Best Project (Asia-Pacific Region)” ( 最佳
                                                        by Securities Times:
項 目 ( 亞 太 區 )) and “Best PE Corporate Finance
Project (Global)” ( 最佳 PE 機構融資項目 ( 全球 ))                   Huatai International was awarded “2022 Junding
                                                        Award for the Best Hong Kong Stock Broker in China’s
The selection of “2021 AAA National Awards
                                                        Securities Industry” (2022 中國證券業最佳港股經紀商君
(China)” (2021 年度 AAA 國家獎 ( 中國區 )) organized
                                                        鼎獎 )
by The Asset:
                                                        The selection of “2022 Outstanding Bank Award”


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
    Huatai International was awarded “Best
                                                        (2022 年 卓 越 銀 行 大 獎 ) organized by Asiamoney, an
Local Corporate and Institutional Advisor Award
                                                        international reputable financial magazine:
(Broker)” ( 最佳本地企業及機構顧問獎 ( 券商類 )) and

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
“Best Private Bond Advisor Award” ( 最佳私募債券                 Huatai International was awarded “Investment
顧問獎 )                                                   Bank with the Most Improvement” ( 最具飛躍表現投行 )

The Selection of “Financial Institution Awards” ( 金 融   The selection of “Hong Kong FinTech Impetus Awards
機構大獎 ) organized by Bloomberg Businessweek:             for 2022” ( 香港金融科技發展大獎 2022) organized by
                                                        Metro Finance, a mainstream financial broadcasting
    Huatai Internati onal was awarded “Annual
                                                        media in Hong Kong:
Outstanding FINTECH Securities Company
Award” ( 年 度 金 融 科 技 證 券 公 司 卓 越 大 獎 ), “Annual




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                                           Huatai International was awarded “Investment
Outstanding Securities Company Award” ( 年度              and Wealth Management – Securities and Foreign
證券公司傑出大獎 ), “Risk Management Excellence                 Exchange Investment Finance Awards” ( 投 資 理 財 －
Award” ( 風險管理傑出大獎 ), “Excellence Award for              證券及外匯投資金融大獎 )
Digital Innovation” ( 數碼創新卓越大獎 ), “Outstanding
                                                        Cerulli Associates and other public information:
Wealth Management Platform Award” ( 財 富 管 理
平台傑出大獎 ), “Outstanding Initial Public Offering             As of the end of the third quarter of 2022,
Project Award” ( 首 次 公 開 招 股 項 目 卓 越 大 獎 ) and          AssetMark ranked third in the U.S. TAMP industry with
“Corporate Financing Excellence Award (the              a market share of 11.2%
Greater Bay Area of the PRC)” ( 企業融資卓越大獎
( 中國大灣區 ))



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                037
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESSES DURING THE REPORTING
          PERIOD

          (I) A technology-driven pioneer in China’s securities industry transformation

          The Group is committed to building technology as its core competitiveness, and comprehensively promoting the Group’s
          digital transformation, focusing on the overall target of “client’s success, business innovation, operation optimization and
          employee empowering”, actively transforming its business and management model with digital thinking and platforms.
          It strove to build a leading self-developed system for information technology research and development to achieve
          co-creation of technology and business through all-round technology empowerment, and create business model
          innovation driven by digitalization and advantages of the whole business chain with platform-based support. In the field
          of wealth management, the Group launched “ZhangLe Fortune Path 8.0” ( 漲樂財富通 8.0) and continuously built personalized
          wealth management platforms through personalized posting of diversified contents and refined operation. In the field
          of institutional services, the launching of the 3.0 version of “Xing Zhi” ( 行 知 ), our self-developed digital platform serving
          institutional customers, facilitated enterprises and institutional investors to effectively enhance the productivity and
          explore new open ecological models. It continued to empower front- line employees and leveraged the “AORTA” ( 聊 TA),
          QingCloud ( 青雲 ), Investment Banking Cloud ( 投行雲 ) and other business and working platforms to effectively improve
          the efficiency of employees and promote the increase in customer scale and activity. The Group sped up in advancing
          towards the goal of deep platformization of businesses and continuously promoted the development of the FICC Elephant
          Trading Platform (FICC 大象交易平台 ) and distributed fast trading platforms, significantly improving the efficiency of core
          trading platforms. Relying on the credit analysis management system (CAMS system), Securities Lending Path 4.0 ( 融券通
          4.0) and other platforms, it continued to empower innovation in business models. It focused on building and upgrading the
          Data Intelligence Middle Platform 3.0 ( 數 智 中 台 3.0) and the RIS investment research platform to develop the supporting
          capability of the Group’s integrated middle office. The technical competency and talent team the Group developed
          through independent research and development over the years have laid a solid foundation for the building of platform-
          based and systematic competitive advantages. Meanwhile, with equity investment serving as a link, the Group focused on
          outstanding technological innovation companies to accelerate the construction of the FINTECH ecosystem and actively
          established presence in cutting-edge sectors, such as big data, artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud computing and
          RPA security, to build future-oriented technological capacity reserves.

          (II) The open digital wealth management platform provides efficient and professional services to mass
          customers

          The Group has established one of the most dynamic wealth management platforms in China’s securities industry with
          more than 20.00 million customers. The Group is committed to building an integrated operation system of “people
          + platform”, establishing a wealth management operation system driven by the headquarters and linked with the
          headquarters and branches, creating a professional and open platform development ecology, continuously gathering
          professional financial service capabilities and professional financial service information, so as to continuously expand the
          scale of customers and ecological partners, and to actively expand the brand influence. The Group launched “ZhangLe
          Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ), a mobile service platform, for our clients, and “AORTA” ( 聊 TA), a cloud-based working platform,
          for investment advisors. Through iterative upgrades, we strengthened their functions, deepened their coordination,
          with which, the two platforms efficiently and accurately empowered front-line investment advisors. As of the end of the
          Reporting Period, the cumulative download volume of “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) was 70.0602 million. According
          to the statistics of Analysys, the average NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) amounted to 9.2683 million during
          the Reporting Period, ranking the first among all APPs of securities companies. Since 2014, the Group has ranked the first
          in the industry in terms of equity and fund trading volume for nine consecutive years. The Group further promoted the
          development of investment advisory business for buyers, built an integrated investment research system and digital
          platform covering assets, strategies and products, as well as an accompanying service system based on customers’
          profitability experience, and created the “Worry-free Series ( 省心系列 )” investment advisory brand for buyers. During the
          Reporting Period, the asset size of the Group’s fund investment advisory business remained at the top of the industry,
          and our asset allocation, product research, strategic operation and companion service systems have been continuously
          improving. According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ) in the
          fourth quarter of 2022, the size of the Company’s equity and hybrid public fund holdings amounted to RMB122.6 billion and
          the size of non-money market public fund holdings amounted to RMB136.7 billion, both ranking the second in the industry.




038
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(III) First-class investment banking business with systematic services for clients and high-quality
development

The Group firmly grasped significant opportunities of the deepening reform of the capital market. Adhering to the
“customer-oriented” operation philosophy and towards the direction of industry focus, regional layout and customer
demand exploration, the Group strengthened domestic and overseas, on-exchange and OTC cross-market synergy,
comprehensively improved the full-range product service ability and the comprehensive service quick response ability.
In 2022, the Group maintained the leading market position for its investment banking business and further enhanced its
business strength. As a pioneer in GDR programs, the Group is the only securities company that has both GDR issuer and
underwriter experience as well as execution experience in the whole business chain. In 2022, the Group maintained and
continuously expanded its advantages in the GDR sector. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group ranked the first

                                                                                                                                       About Us
in the industry in terms of the number and scale of the GDR programs underwritten. The Group achieved outstanding
results in the onshore and offshore integrated layout and ranked the second among Chinese investment banks in terms
of the weighted amount of IPOs sponsored in the Hong Kong stock market in 2022. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s
lead-underwriting scale of full variety bonds was further expanded, ranking the third in the industry. For the M&A and
restructuring business, the Group focused on advancing benchmark large-scale and innovative projects and actively
explored continuous services for customers, maintaining its leading position in the industry. It has been ranking the first
in the industry in terms of the total number of transactions on licensing M&A and restructuring programs since 2012. The
Group continuously enhanced the construction of the compliance risk control system and further improved the quality of
projects. The approval rate of the Group’s IPO programs reached 100% in 2022.


                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
(IV) Comprehensive asset management platform with both scale and innovation advantages



                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
Relying on the large customer base and advantage in the whole business chain resources, the Group has established
one of the leading asset management platforms in the industry by giving full play to its abilities in exploring investment
bank assets, risk pricing and product design. The total amount of assets under asset management business ranked the
forefront of the industry. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the scale of asset management was RMB479.614 billion.
Focusing on the characteristics of brokers and with the investment asset management and the asset management
services of investment banks based on the entire business chain of securities companies as drivers, the Group provided
one-stop top-ranking investment products, asset allocation and overall financial service solutions to empower the
process of the asset management service for customers. It strengthened the two-way driving of the Group, leveraged on
the genetic advantages of investment banking, displayed the digital application capabilities and continuously enhanced




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
the active management capability to develop differentiated core competitiveness. Meanwhile, through customized
services featuring multiple assets and multiple strategies, the Group provided a basket of customized comprehensive
financial services for institutional customers, which met customers’ different needs for product forms, liquidity and risk
return through competitive fixed-income products as well as featured products such as FOF and MOM. The Group is a
leader of ABS product designs in the industry, and has set a benchmark for the industry through constant innovation in
underlying assets, transaction structure and other aspects. It has issued multiple notes in areas such as epidemic control
and prevention, and green finance to support real economy projects, with the business scale continuously ranking the top
in the industry. In 2022, the Group ranked the second and the third in the industry in terms of the issuance number and
the issuance scale of enterprises’ ABS, respectively. The ATOMS released the business support capability and generally
established the ABS analysis system and professional standards of the Group, making it the first platform for the creation,
professional analysis and appraisal of ABS products in China. During the Reporting Period, the Huatai Purple Gold Jiangsu




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Communications Holding Expressway Closed-end Infrastructure Securities Investment Fund, for which the Group acted as
the fund manager and asset-backed securities manager, was officially listed for trading on the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
making it the first public REITs program on expressways in Jiangsu Province.




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                              039
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (V) Acceleration in global layout and creation of cross-border ecology to march toward a new stage of
          high-quality development

          The Group always adheres to the strategy of constantly expanding its international business layout along with the international
          development of customers, and offers global resources to its customers through continuous deepening of integrated cross-
          border linkage and enhancing the comprehensive cross-border financial services platform system, to better serve the overseas
          expansion of Chinese customers and the domestic investment of international investors. During the Reporting Period, the
          international rating agency Standard & Poor’s kept the credit rating of “BBB+” with stable prospect for the Company and its
          subsidiary Huatai International, which was the highest level among Chinese securities companies. Leveraging on the Group’s
          domestic resources and taking cross border as the starting point, Huatai International returned to the origin of brokers and
          focused on the development of capital-based intermediary. It deeply cultivated the integrated platform-based and cross-
          border service ecosystem with customer-oriented business concept through effective domestic and overseas linkage, business
          synergy, strengthened risk control and platform operations, so as to promote the healthy development of various businesses.
          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) continued to deepen its “4+1” business platform system
          with the equity business platform, fixed-income business platform, wealth management platform, fund platform and flagship
          investment banking business, which facilitated its differentiated competitive advantages. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
          Huatai International recorded a stable growth against the market. The asset scale was nearly HK$200 billion with continual
          improvement of comprehensive strength, ranking at the forefront of Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong. During the
          Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) officially obtained the qualification as a participant of the Special
          Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPAC) Exchange of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the registration as a cross-border
          conversion agency for stock connect global depository receipts granted by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, which enhanced
          its ability to conduct international development and participate in mainstream international capital markets. Huatai Financial
          Holdings (Hong Kong) participated in and completed 5 IPO sponsored-projects and 1 listing by way of introduction in the Hong
          Kong stock market, ranking the second among Chinese investment banks in terms of the weighted amount of IPOs sponsored
          in the Hong Kong stock market. Huatai International completed the first international carbon emission reduction transaction on
          the Core Climate platform of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, making it one of the first Chinese securities companies entered
          the platform and completed international carbon emission reduction transactions. The subsidiary of Huatai International in
          Singapore was officially established during the Reporting Period and the application for relevant business licenses is under
          stable progress, which will further deepen its international business layout. In addition, AssetMark has always maintained
          independence in operation and completed the acquisition of Adhesion Wealth during the Reporting Period. It maintained its
          leading position in the industry with its leading business model and advanced technology platform, and constantly increased
          its business revenue.

          (VI) Comprehensive risk management featuring professional and platform advantages

          Adhering to the prudent risk management culture and with controlling risks, improving quality and efficiency and
          promoting development as risk management targets, the Group is committed to enhancing the core competitiveness
          in risk management with adhering to the core risk management philosophy of high engagement, full coverage and
          deep penetration and taking collectivization, specialization and platformization as the main approach. The Group
          established and improved a comprehensive risk management system that is adapted to the integrated and international
          development of the entire business chain of the Company, continuously perfected the risk governance structure,
          constantly boosted risk management mechanisms and control measures, vigorously conducted the R&D and iteration
          of risk management instruments and attached great importance to the application of information technology in risk
          management. During the Reporting Period, the Group sped up in promoting the construction of the onshore and offshore
          integrated risk management system, deepened the integrated penetration and coverage across markets, businesses
          and products to resonate with businesses, intensified risk control on key businesses, continued to deeply advance the
          construction of the risk management platform and consolidated the foundation of the integrated, real- time, measurable
          and controllable risk management capabilities to facilitate the strategic advancement of the Group towards professional
          and international development.




040
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(VII) Establishment of a development platform continuously empowering the growth of first-class
professional talents

Sticking to the cultural connotation of “openness, inclusiveness, innovation, struggle and responsibility”, the Group
continuously stimulates the power and vitality of all staff of Huatai for “advancing towards new and high growth”,
constantly improve the value of talents and empower their growth. In 2022, with the focus on optimizing talent structure,
improving talent effectiveness and speeding up in talent training, the Group is committed to building a platform-based
talent development model towards the professional and international talents, in bid to promote the growth of talents
together with the organization and transform its talent advantage into a core competitive advantage, thereby further
improving the contribution rate of talents. It reasonably planned on the demand for human resources in the medium-
to-long term, focused on the reserve of scarce talents on wealth management, institutional business, FINTECH and


                                                                                                                                       About Us
international business segments and continuously recruited high-quality and outstanding college graduates to further
optimize the talent structure and boost the talent reserve of the Company. It advanced the training of outstanding young
staff in practice and developed the management backup talent team towards the future. Always considering practice as
the main battlefield for the growth and accomplishment of outstanding young staff, the Group promoted communications,
on-the-job training, work rotation and other practical exercises and trained and selected talents in practice. With
comprehensive capabilities and performance contribution as the basis, it expanded the occupational development
space, facilitated the best matching of talents with positions and improved the creativity of the talent team. On the basis
of the implementation of the restricted share incentive scheme, it explored diversified long-term incentive frameworks,
gradually improved the long-term incentive and restrictive mechanism, achieved benefits and risks sharing between
employees and the Company as well as common development, focused on enhancing the enthusiasm, cohesiveness and



                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
core competitiveness of the employees of the Company and facilitated the sustainable and steady development of the
Company in the long term.




                                                                                                                                     and Strategies




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                              041
044
HUATAI SECURITIES




           Management Discussion
           and Analysis and Report
           of the Board




          I. OPERATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                     Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                         Year-
                                                                      on-year
                                                                    change of
                                                                     segment             Year-
                           Segment                                    revenue          on-year
                            revenue                       Segment and other          change of       Year-on-year
                          and other                          profit    income         segment           change of
                             income     Segment Segment    margin and gains           expenses      segment profit
          Segment         and gains     expenses  results      (%)         (%)             (%)             margin
          Wealth                                                                                    Increase of 6.76
          management      23,482,561 (15,063,586)     8,418,975   35.85    (10.23)        (18.79)       percentage
          business                                                                                           points
                                                                                                         Decrease
          Institutional
                                                                                                           of 30.89
          services         8,133,656   (7,434,388)     697,370     8.57    (34.91)         (1.85)
                                                                                                       percentage
          business
                                                                                                             points
                                                                                                         Decrease
          Investment
                                                                                                           of 84.28
          management       2,270,428    (1,210,570)   (47,946)    (2.11)   (45.45)         (6.21)
                                                                                                       percentage
          business
                                                                                                             points
                                                                                                    Increase of 1.98
          International
                           9,413,986   (7,521,339)    1,892,647   20.10      19.28          16.36      percentage
          business
                                                                                                             points
                                                                                                          Increase
          Others
                                                                                                           of 127.89
          (including       3,523,741   (4,585,497)    1,266,992   35.96     189.62           4.10
                                                                                                       percentage
          offset)
                                                                                                             points
                                                                                                      Decrease of
          Segment total   46,824,372 (35,815,380) 12,228,038       26.11    (9.83)        (6.45) 5.23 percentage
                                                                                                           points
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(I) Wealth management business

1. Market environment and industry trend of wealth management business

(1) The in-depth development of the wealth management market in China driving business
transformation and upgrading, wealth management service capabilities were continuously enhanced

With the recovery and development of China’s real economy, the continuous improvement of a multi-
level capital market, the increasing supply of financial investment products, the continuous growth of total
social wealth and the optimization and improvement of regulation measures on the property market, the

                                                                                                                        About Us
wealth management market in China is under the stage with long-term reform and rapid development
and the demand of residents for high-quality equity assets and professional investment advisory has been
increasing. Establishing the comprehensive customer hierarchical and grading service system based on
complete business chains, customer- oriented organizational structures, comprehensive service platforms
and business synergy mechanisms will become the key to the development of the wealth management
business of securities companies. Under the background of the construction of a new “dual circulation”
development pattern, the continuous progress in the construction of modern capital market with Chinese
characteristics, the increase in the penetration rate of the wealth management industry, and the increase
in demand for specialized business, etc., the wealth management market in China will transform to an

                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
integrated financial service pattern covering customers’ full-lifecycle, and securities companies shall
continue to strengthen the investment research capabilities and the construction of investment advisory


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
capabilities, and shall continue to improve the quality of wealth management services to proactively build a
sustainable wealth management business model. In the future, wealth management institutions that focus
on building an innovation-driven wealth management business ecosystem, forge wealth management
service capabilities on the whole business chain, enhance the customer-centric service concept, deeply
understand diversified customer needs, and pay attention to providing full life cycle, all-round and full
category comprehensive financial services for customers will gain extensive development space.

(2) Changes in clients’ asset allocation demands and market competition trends continuously




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
promoted the transformation of wealth management, and professional wealth management
institutions will usher in development opportunities

Currently, the PRC wealth management market is increasingly standardized; the pattern of wealth
management channels is continuously diversified; wealth management instruments and product supply
are constantly expanded; and the complexity of asset allocation services is increasing. High-quality
wealth management services have become the core competitiveness of wealth management institutions.
Building a more comprehensive, deeper, highly three-dimensional, greener and more reciprocal wealth
management service model, continuously improving the wealth management business system, increasingly
enhancing the wealth management service capability and providing customers with professional and
personalized comprehensive financial service solutions will become important directions for the strategic



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
transformation of securities companies. During the Reporting Period, the domestic stock market tumbled
down with the Wind All China Index dropped by 18.66%, the Shanghai Composite Index dropped by 15.13%
and the Shenzhen Component Index dropped by 25.85%; in terms of major international indexes, the S&P



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
500 dropped by 19.44%, the Nasdaq dropped by 33.10% and the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped
by 8.78%. Against increasingly complex internal and external market environment, and the accelerated
deepening in the reform and opening up of the capital market led by the full implementation of registration
system, wealth management institutions are exposed to greater challenges and higher requirements in
core professional capabilities and value creation capability on accompanying customers. In the context of
continuously professional and complicated customer demand for wealth management services, financial
institutions which constantly improve multi-level, personalized and all-asset synergistic product supply,
continuously establish standardized, ecological and refined all-process customer operation systems, have
advanced financial service platforms, competitive financial product systems and professional talent teams,
and transform towards the overall high-quality development of the wealth management business will gain
advantages in future competition.




                                                                                                               047
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (3) FINTECH empowered the reshaping of operation and management models to comprehensively
          promote the digital transformation and high-quality development of the wealth management
          industry

          In recent years, a new round of technological revolution and industrial evolution is accelerating, and the
          frontier technology is deeply integrated with traditional financial business, which continues to enrich the
          application scenario and has a comprehensive impact on the business model and operational efficiency of
          securities companies. Securities companies should actively embrace and practice the digital transformation
          strategy, develop innovative FINTECH ecosystems, constantly enhance the capabilities of empowering all
          links of the wealth management business value chain through FINTECH application innovation and build a
          new digital, platform- based and ecological wealth management service model, so as to promote and lead
          business and management innovation, realize synergy, integration and share between internal and external
          resources, and facilitate the high- quality development of the wealth management industry. FINTECH and
          digital transformation have become fundamental forces driving the evolution of the financial ecosystem
          and strategic high grounds for the competitiveness of securities companies, which will profoundly change
          the business model, business structure and operation systems of securities companies and will be the core
          driving force to the development of the securities industry in the next strategic cycle. The construction of a
          digitalized wealth management ecology featured with co-construction, co-governance and co-utilization,
          the business transformation led by leading digital technologies, and the promotion of comprehensive
          digitalization, precision and intelligence of products, operation, management and services to provide
          customers with all- round, itinerary and digitalized wealth management services, will become the inevitable
          choices of a large domestic securities company to build differentiated competitive advantages and
          achieve continuous innovation in business models.

          2. Operational measures and achievements of wealth management business

          (1) Securities, futures and options brokerage business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group, with the focus on the digital, platform-based and ecological
          concept and with intelligent interactions, algorithm engine, digital decision-making and other application
          technologies and product systems as cores, actively established customer trading systems and growth
          systems covering the full life cycle, continuously improved the financial service and marketing platform
          with online and offline integration and the combination of centralized operation and ecosystem operation,
          continuously explored new business models and constantly improved the coverage of and the satisfaction
          on the wealth management business. It continued to build the advantage in the integrated operation of
          dual platforms, namely the “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) platform and the “AORTA” ( 聊 TA) platform,
          and constantly promoted the iteration and optimization of platforms to practically strengthen the capability
          of platforms in empowering customers and investment advisors and enhanced the customer stickiness
          of and the activeness on platforms. The Group actively facilitated the upgrading of the customer service
          model and the innovation of the user operation model and built a content-driven centralized service
          operation model to continuously enrich the supply in the content ecosystem and constantly enhance the
          in-depth operation capability and the service quality. It continued to explore the development route for the
          professional division of work on the investment advisory team, continuously improved the classified and
          hierarchical position system of the investment advisory business line, actively established an investment
          advisory service system to meet customers’ diversified demands and comprehensively improved the
          efficiency of investment advisory services.

          The Group continuously promoted innovation in products and services of the “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財
          富通 ) platform, constantly optimized content operation model, developed featured market transactions and
          wealth management services, and devoted to effectively enhancing the customer stickiness and activeness
          with better customer experience, more product instruments and more extensive in-depth services. During
          the Reporting Period, “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) had a download volume of 4.7407 million, with a
          cumulative download volume of 70.0602 million since its launch; 96.74% of trading customers used “ZhangLe
          Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ) to conduct transactions. According to the statistics of Analysys Think Tanks
          ( 易 觀 智 庫 ), during the Reporting Period, the average NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ) was




048
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
9.2683 million, ranking the first among securities company APPs. At the same time, the Group continuously
consolidated the basic trading service capability of “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) platform, continued to
enhance user stickiness with professional platform services, and be committed to providing customers with
one-stop investment management services for global assets. The cumulative download volume of “ZhangLe
Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) was 1.9829 million since its launch. During the Reporting Period, the average NMAU was
184,200.


Average NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path”                                   Proportion of the number of users trading through"ZhangLe
                                                                         Fortune Path"
                                                    Unit: ten thousand



                                                                                                                                                          About Us
1,000       CAGR                                             926.83       100%
                                             889.66 891.31                                                                      96.13% 96.74%
            +9.68%
                                                                                                                       94.27%
 800                                755.03
                          663.69                                                                              90.45%
                 583.96                                                    90%
                                                                                                     87.34%
 600    532.43                                                                              85.29%

                                                                                   81.92%
 400
                                                                           80%

 200




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
    0                                                                      70%
         2016     2017     2018      2019    2020    2021    2022                    2016    2017     2018     2019      2020    2021   2022



                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Source: Statistics from Analysys                                          Source: Internal statistics from the Company



The Group further strengthened its advantages in trading services based on advanced platforms. According
to the statistics of members of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, the Group’s stock and fund
trading volume totaled RMB38.76 trillion, ranking the first place in the industry. As of the end of the Reporting
Period, according to internal statistics, the total assets of client accounts reached RMB4.99 trillion.




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Data of agency transaction amount
                                                                                                                                 Currency: RMB

                                   2022                                                                  2021

                               Agency transaction amount                                               Agency transaction amount
Type of securities                                                          Type of securities
                                              (in RMB100 million)                                                      (in RMB100 million)

Stocks                                                 323,960.42          Stocks                                                392,026.40

Funds                                                    63,627.23         Funds                                                  30,889.85

Debentures                                              418,032.44         Debentures                                            386,057.90




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Total                                                  805,620.09          Total                                                  808,974.15

Note: The data of agency transaction amount in 2021 and 2022 are cited from the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchange members’ statistics,




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
in which the fund data in 2021 do not include trading volume of money market funds on the Shanghai Stock Exchange; in view of the adjustment
to the calibers of the Shanghai Stock Exchange members’ statistics, the fund data in 2022 include trading volume of ETFs, monetary ETFs, LOFs
and publicly offered REITs on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.




During the Reporting Period, the Southbound Trading business went steadily, with trading types continuing
to be diversified and customers’ experience continuing to be optimized. For the Southbound Trading
business under Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, there were 30.7 thousand authorized users in total. For
the Southbound Trading business under Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, there were 32.0 thousand
authorized users in total. In terms of stock options brokerage business, the Group continued to improve the
multi-level trading platform system, enhanced technological support to customers’ trading, constantly
strengthened operation and risk control capabilities, and therefore the business has continued to maintain




                                                                                                                                                 049
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          its market leading edge. According to the statistics of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Company’s stock
          option brokerage business at the Shanghai Stock Exchange ranked the first in the industry in terms of trading
          volume and market share during the Reporting
          Period.                                                  Equity fund trading volume

          For the futures brokerage business, Huatai                                                        Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB

          Futures continued to optimize its outlet layout.
          As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were
                                                                  Market
                                                                  ranking
                                                                             1        1        1        1           1          1       1        1
          9 branches and 42 futures branches in total
                                                                  50
          covering 4 municipalities directly under the Central                      45.16
                                                                                                                                       42.29
          Government and 17 provinces in China, being the                                                                                      38.76
                                                                  40
          agent of 110 types of futures. During the Reporting                                                                  34.19
          Period, Huatai Futures realized an agency trading                                                 CAGR
                                                                  30                                        +15.30%
          volume of 530.5520 million lots with a transaction                                24.52
          amount of RMB55,502,705 million. The Group                                                19.01           20.57
                                                                   20
          continuously deepened the synergy between its                                                     14.27
                                                                            12.41
          securities and futures businesses and accelerated
          the integration of platforms, with 234 securities        10

          branches permitted to be engaged in futures
          IB business and the total number of futures IB            0
                                                                            2014    2015    2016    2017    2018        2019   2020    2021 2022
          business customers reaching 56,957 as of the end
          of the Reporting Period.                                Source: Regular reports of the Company                           Trading volume




          (2) Financial product sales and fund investment advisory business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group promoted the development of financial products sales and fund
          investment advisory business centered on customer needs from multiple perspectives. With platformization
          and specialization as the traction, the Group proactively constructed an integrated asset allocation service
          system based on buyers’ perspective, to provide customers with strategic portfolios and financial products
          that meet their risk and return needs, and meet customers’ multi-level wealth management needs.
          According to internal statistics, during the Reporting Period, the number of financial products held (except
          for the cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天天發 )) was 9,161, and their sales scale (except for the
          cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天天發 )) was RMB512.284 billion. As of the end of the Reporting
          Period, the fund investment advisory business authorized assets amounted to RMB13.913 billion and the
          number of customers was 617,600. According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of
          China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ) in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company’s shares and hybrid public funds
          maintained a scale of RMB122,600 million, and the public funds in the non-money market maintained a
          scale of RMB136,700 million, both ranking the second in the securities industry.

          During the Reporting Period, the Group actively established the “Worry-free Institute” ( 省心研究院 ), a public
          investment think tank. Through reshaping of research framework and logics, building of service scenarios,
          review of service contents and other dimensions, the Group continuously consolidated the investment
          research foundation and satisfied multi-layered asset allocation demands of customers. It strengthened
          the research and judgment on various assets and policy trends, optimized the time and pace for product
          issuance, intensified the layout of product lines on the basis of asset research and improved the cashability
          of financial products and services. The Group established a classified, hierarchical and grading buy-side
          investment advisory service system on customers, continuously optimized customer service scenarios and
          customer service plans and provided customers with personalized asset allocation solutions through deep
          exploration of customer demands and continuous customer operation. It advanced the establishment of an
          integrated buy-side advisory service mechanism on investment advisory and constantly increased supports
          and empowerment to viewpoints of investment consultants and customers. It enhanced the construction
          of digital platforms, continuously upgraded and iterated the investment research platform and vigorously
          built a working platform based on investment and research business processes, achieving effective
          improvements in timely product research and convenient strategic management and strengthening the
          overall business efficiency and capability.




050
                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(3) Capital-based intermediary business                                  Scale of margin financing and securities lending business
                                                                                                               Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
During the Reporting Period, the Group focused on
                                                                        1,500                                            7.67% 1,376.99
its customer-oriented operation philosophy, closely                                                                                   7.29%
                                                                                                                                                        8%

followed market and policy changes, deepened                                                                   6.59% 1,241.23 7.52%
                                                                        1,200                        5.76%                                 1,123.47
the cooperation across the entire business chain,                                5.87% 5.73%
                                                                                                                                                        6%
continuously optimized the customer structure,
                                                                         900        CAGR
deeply tapped into customer demands and                                             +12.59%                     671.25
                                                                                                                                                        4%
actively built a multi-layered and differentiated
                                                                         600     551.43 588.13
customer service system. It continuously diversified                                                 435.15


                                                                                                                                                                       About Us
marketing and service models, constantly bolstered                                                                                                      2%
                                                                         300
the construction of the risk management and
control system, and practically strengthened its
                                                                           0                                                                            0%
core competitiveness by relying on the advantages                                 2016      2017       2018     2019     2020      2021      2022
of the ecological construction of the business and
                                                                                   Balance                    Market share
the continuous iteration of the open securities                         Source: Regular reports of the Company
financing platform system. The Group effectively
consolidated internal and external resources, continuously improved the securities lending business
operation and management system, constantly diversified cooperation models with licensed financial


                                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
institutions, actively explored the lending potential of institutional customers, consolidated the foundation
for the development of securities sources and expanded the scale of the securities pools. Meanwhile, it


                                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
led the digital transformation through the construction of platforms, continuously perfected the platform
and ecosystem of securities lending and practically improved customers’ service experience. The Group
newly released the “Securities Lending Path 4.0” ( 融券通 4.0), further advanced the continuous iteration of
the open platform for securities lending, efficiently connected the suppliers and demanders of sources of
securities, and continuously optimized the new model of digital operation of the securities lending industry.
According to the regulatory statement data, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of margin
financing and securities lending business of the Parent Company was RMB112.347 billion, with a market share
of 7.29%, and the integral maintenance guarantee ratio was 255.98%. Among them, the balance of securities




                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
lending business was RMB17.241 billion, with a market share of 17.98%. The pending repurchase balance of
stock pledged repurchase business was RMB37.279 billion in total, with an average fulfillment guarantee
ratio of 244.13%. Among them, the pending repurchase balance of on-balance-sheet business was RMB7.385
billion, with an average fulfillment guarantee ratio of 252.62%; while the pending repurchase balance of off-
balance-sheet business was RMB29.894 billion.


Scale of stock pledged repurchase business                               Overall guarantee ratio and average fulfilment
                             Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB        guarantee ratio

1,000                                                                    350%
                  908.75                                                            337.76%




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
 800                                                                                                               314.66%       312.02%
         690.26                                                                              304.35%                      302.93%
                                                                         300%
 600                                                                                                     272.82%                        302.99%
                           539.04




                                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                             287.46%
                                                      438.99
                                    378.14                     372.79                                                                              255.98%
 400                                                                                                               267.70%
                                             314.56                                 245.28%
                                                                          250%
                                                                                                                                                   244.13%
  200                                                                                        237.95%
                                                                                                         231.67%


                                                                         200%
                                                               2022
    0
          2016    2017     2018     2019     2020      2021                          2016       2017      2018       2019       2020      2021        2022

        Pending repurchase balance                                              Overall guarantee ratio of margin financing and securities lending business
Source: Regular reports of the Company                                          Average fulfilment guarantee ratio of stock pledged repurchase business
                                                                         Source: Regular reports of the Company

3. Prospect of wealth management business for 2023

Wealth management business carries the strategic functions of the Group to gather and accumulate




                                                                                                                                                              051
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          customer resources and assets on a large scale. In 2023, the Group will continue to seize the strategic
          opportunities for the in-depth development of the wealth management market, rely on the dual-end
          platform and ecosystem operation for customers and investment advisors, further expand the size of
          customers and customers’ assets through the online and offline integrated operation driven by the
          headquarters with the coordination of the headquarters and branches, promote its transformation into a
          full life cycle service model for customers and continue to build new competitive edges for the future.

          For wealth management business, the Group will focus on the digital, platform- based and ecological
          concept, continuously optimize the synergy mechanisms of the full business chain and deepen and
          implement platform-based operation and customer operation to develop new customer growth and
          service operation systems and build a new ecosystem for the wealth management business. It will optimize
          the mechanisms on customers, investment advisory and platform operation, deepen the integrated
          operation model on centralized customer services and constantly improve the professional quality of the
          integrated service operation team to expand the brand influence and get information about customers’
          minds with refined content operation and create the long-term value of services. The Group will vigorously
          build a customer-oriented, specialized, professional, classified and hierarchical investment advisory team,
          constantly improve the hierarchical and grading operation system with hierarchical customers, grading
          investment advisory and matched services and speed up in facilitating the professional division of work
          on investment advisory and the differentiated empowerment of platforms to improve the efficiency of
          investment advisory services. It will continue to upgrade the structure of platforms, constantly promote
          the innovation of platform-based products and the upgrading of service capabilities, strengthen the
          empowerment on professional scenarios and the support to the operation of platforms, propel the surging
          of wealth management services and satisfy the demand for investment services of diversified customer
          groups with different lifecycles.

          For the financial product sales and the fund investment advisory businesses, the Group will continue to
          strengthen the construction of digital platforms and constantly enhance the platform-based empowerment
          capability. It will focus on professional capabilities on investment and research, continue to diversify
          strategy types, optimize service scenarios, and iterate and upgrade allocation models. It will strengthen
          content operation and the building of product systems, improve the path of a research chain of “asset –
          strategy – product”, and proactively explore an integrated service mechanism for investment and advisory,
          continuously strengthen investment advisory and customer empowerment to constantly improve the
          influence of business brands.

          For the capital-based intermediary business, the Group will continue to be customer-oriented, continuously
          broaden its business thinking and strategic perspectives, and actively innovate in business operation
          models. It will focus on differentiated competitiveness on the ability to obtain sources of securities, the
          customer service capability and the application of FINTECH to meet the diversified and differentiated
          business needs of customers. It will continue to diversify customer service dimensions, strengthen resource-
          based customer development to achieve high-quality customer acquisition, continue to promote the
          iteration and upgrading of the “Securities Lending Path” ( 融券通 ) platform and create an integrated securities
          pool at home and abroad, on and off the market. We will vigorously build an open and efficient ecosystem
          in the securities lending industry and continuously reinforce the brand advantage of the Securities Lending
          Path ( 融券通 ).


          (II) Institutional services business

          1. Market environment and industry trend of institutional services business

          (1) The transformation and upgrading of real economies and the comprehensive deepening reform of the
          capital market have provided greater potentials for the display of integrated advantages of institutional
          services business

          With the implementation of a series of reform measures led by the overall registration-based IPO system
          reform in recent years, the market width and depth have been constantly improved. With increasing




052
                                                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
inclusiveness in the market system, the investment                                 Statistics of stock issuance
and financing functions were significantly                                                                                 Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
enhanced and the strategic position of the capital
                                                                                   25,000
market in serving the high-quality development
of the economy continued to rise. The institutional                                20,000
services business will have an opportunity to
achieve leap- forward development and focus                                        15,000

on the development of globalized diversified
                                                                                   10,000
businesses covering all chains, all products and
all markets, among which, providing institutional

                                                                                                                                                                                    About Us
                                                                                    5,000
clients with high-quality comprehensive
financial services covering the full life cycle will                                    0
                                                                                                2016       2017       2018        2019      2020       2021      2022
become an important manifestation of the core
competitiveness of securities companies. Under                                         Funds raised from the IPO                   Funds raised from additional offering
                                                                                       Funds raised from share allotment           Funds raised from preferred shares
the new development pattern of the continuous                                          Funds raised from convertible bonds         Funds raised from exchangeable bonds
promotion of the transformation and upgrading                                      Notes:
of real economies and the overall deepening of                                     1. Source: Wind;
the capital market reform in China, the securities                                 2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including
                                                                                   issuance of shares for purchasing assets), share allotment, preferred



                                                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
industry has initiated a new stage with the full                                   shares, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
optimization of fundamental systems and the                                        3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.
reform and development for the full restructuring


                                                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
of the market ecosystem, which presents the increasingly improved market-based resources allocation
mechanisms, and the investment banking business of securities companies faces strategic opportunities
in high-level transformation. Securities companies with optimized and complete business structures and
products systems, rich project reserves and coordinated business development, whole business chains
and full-lifecycle service systems will achieve more business increment and revenue. In the future, with
the building of the new pattern of the multi-tiered capital market with dislocation development and
orderly competition, the institutional services business will set higher standards for business qualification,




                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
capital strength, scale advantage, product design, risk control system and business channels of securities
companies. Securities companies that are customer- oriented, proactively expand the depth and breadth
of business and services, with professional capabilities on systematic and platform-based construction and
are transforming into integrated financial service providers, as well as practically serve the real economy
with all products and high efficiency, will face more business opportunities and achieve high-quality
development.


Statistics of bond issuance                                                        Statistics of material assets reorganization of the Company
                                  Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                     Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

800,000                                                                  60,000    15,000                                                                          500




                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                                                                         50,000
                                                                                   12,000                                                                          400
600,000
                                                                         40,000
                                                                                    9,000                                                                          300




                                                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
400,000                                                                  30,000
                                                                                    6,000                                                                          200
                                                                         20,000
200,000
                                                                                    3,000                                                                          100
                                                                         10,000


     0                                                                   0              0                                                                          0
           2016    2017    2018     2019    2020 2021        2022                             2016     2017        2018    2019    2020 2021          2022

          Issue amount                   Number of issuance                                  Transaction amount                     Number of transactions
Notes:                                                                             Notes:
1. Source: Wind;
                                                                                   1. Source: Wind;
2. The statistical coverage includes government bonds, local government bonds,
NCD, financial bonds, enterprise bonds, corporate bonds, mediumterm notes,         2. The statistical caliber of Wind is the reorganization transactions of
short-term financing bonds, dedicated instruments, bonds issued by international   material assets disclosed by A-share listed companies.
institutions, bonds issued by government-supported agencies, asset-backed
securities, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.




                                                                                                                                                                           053
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) The transformation trend of professionalism, institutionalization and internationalization of the
          capital market have set higher standards for institutional services business of securities companies

          In recent years, in the context of macroeconomic transformation and upgrading, continuously deepening
          of the capital market reform and the innovation and development of securities business in China, the
          participation of institutional investors has been increasing with their shareholding percentage and market
          influence significantly increased, and the voice of institutional investors in the capital market has been
          increasingly enhanced. The evolution trend with institutional investors as the participants of the market
          has become unstoppable. The in-depth changes of the market structure will reshape the new ecosystem
          of the capital market and facilitate the capital market in increasing trading activity, product richness
          and international participation, providing large business development potential and improvement space
          for institutional investors of securities companies. Driven by the policy orientation to promote the high-
          quality development of funds and benefited from the capital market reform, the trend of residents’ wealth
          allocation towards financial assets continues to strengthen, the number and management scale of mutual
          funds have fluctuated and increased, and the market influence continued to increase, and the process of
          institutionalization of the capital market sped up, which have raised higher requirements on the capabilities
          of securities companies in providing integrated and professional financial services. In addition, with the
          accelerated formation of a new pattern of high-level two-way opening of the capital market, superior
          market resources are speeding up in flowing into superior institutes and the polarization in the securities
          industry is increasingly obvious. The provision of more professional, insightful, and convenient one-stop,
          full life-cycle services to customers based on platform empowerment and efficient integration of onshore
          and offshore business resources will be the key in the new round of competition on the institutional services
          business among securities companies. In the future, securities companies which actively develops platform-
          based, integrated and ecological institutional investor service system, builds the ecosystem of professional
          institutional investors services with a more open horizon and leading service capabilities and provides
          comprehensive financial services covering the full life cycle of investment and financing will obtain more
          development opportunities.

          (3) The sustainable development of institutional services business of securities companies requires
          strong risk management capabilities as the foundation

          Under the complicated environment with macroeconomic transformation in China, frequent international
          political conflicts, increasingly stringent regulations on the capital market, more complicated securities
          business types, more diversified financial risk types etc., securities companies face new challenges in risk
          management. It is key for securities companies to facilitate business development and build the new
          pattern of differentiated competition and development to improve the comprehensive risk management
          structure based on their own development strategies and business development, establish effective pre-
          risk control procedures, complete risk management systems and strong risk culture system, and strengthen
          the construction of high-efficient and professional risk control capabilities. Securities companies should
          accurately identify, effectively manage and resolve risks in a timely manner with complete risk management
          systems, scientific risk management models and methods and advanced risk management means to
          guarantee steady development in the long term. The effective management of financial risks requires
          securities companies to continuously optimize the organizational structure and operational process of risk
          management, continue to improve the professional and platform-based comprehensive risk management
          mechanism to achieve centralized monitoring, analysis and full process control of risk information. Defusing
          financial risks in a timely manner requires securities companies to effectively utilize the financial derivatives
          market while possessing strong capital strength. Under the background of the official implementation of the
          Futures and Derivatives Law, the diversification of the basic financial product system improved instruments
          for market risk hedge and risk management and the securities industry will play a more important role in
          guaranteeing the stable operation and healthy development of the financial market and the capital market.
          Securities companies should vigorously establish a comprehensive risk control system, strengthen the
          establishment of risk prevention, response and disposal systems, and continuously enhance risk resilience
          and cycle resilience capabilities to earnestly seize material strategic opportunities in the reform and
          development of institutional services business.




054
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2. Operational measures and achievements of institutional services business

(1) Investment banking business

During the Reporting Period, the Group firmly grasped significant opportunities in deepening the reform of
the capital market. Adhering to the customer-oriented operation philosophy and towards the direction of
industry focus, regional layout and customer demand exploration, the Group strengthened domestic and
overseas, on-exchange and OTC cross-market synergy, and comprehensively improved the full-range
product service ability and the comprehensive service quick response ability. The investment banking
business continued to maintain the leading market position with further improvement in business strength.


                                                                                                                                                            About Us
Consolidated data                                                                                                                Currency: RMB


                           Times of lead                       Lead underwriting amount                   Lead underwriting income
Categories of            underwriting (time)                      (in RMB10 thousand)                        (in RMB10 thousand)
Issuance               Current        Accumulated                   Current Accumulated                        Current       Accumulated
                        Period       over the years                  Period over the years                      Period      over the years

Issue of new


                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                              25                   252         3,194,594.25         21,664,664.16            182,513.39         1,066,078.54
shares

Additional


                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
issue of new                  33                   284         4,957,768.24        45,825,157.46             30,640.47            340,978.77
shares

Allotment of
                               2                     36            118,387.10       2,280,547.65                 471.70             23,109.07
shares

Issue of bonds            2,024                  5,695       49,495,258.01 247,629,694.48                   94,694.57            636,092.64

Total                     2,084                  6,267       57,766,007.60        317,400,063.75            308,320.13         2,066,259.02




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements, while the statistical caliber is the issuance completion date of the project; preferred
shares are included in the additional newly issued shares; bonds issuance includes treasury bonds, enterprise bonds, corporate bonds (including
exchangeable bonds), convertible bonds, short- term financing bonds and medium-term notes, etc., but it excludes asset-backed securitization
projects.




① Equity financing business

During the Reporting Period, the equity financing business continued the whole business chain strategy,
fully displayed the advantages of the full business chain system and the integrated onshore and offshore
platform of a large investment bank with high-quality customers as the center. The Group enhanced




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
deepening efforts in the industry, served leading customers in key industry sectors and completed various
benchmarking projects in the market, recording continuously increasing industry influences. According
to the statistics from Wind Information, the Group’s equity lead underwriting amount (including the IPOs,
additional offerings, allotment of shares, preferred shares, convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds) was



                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
RMB155.369 billion, ranking the fourth in the industry.




                                                                                                                                                   055
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Number and ranking of equity underwriting                                          Amount and ranking of equity underwriting
                                                                                                                                     Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          Market
          ranking
                      3        4         3        3         3        3        4               Market
                                                                                              ranking
                                                                                                           3          5          3         3         3          4          4
                                                                     98
          100                                                                                2,000
                            CAGR                                                                                                                             1,762.47
                            +1.52%                                            81
                                                           77                                           1,578.70                                                        1,553.69
           80         74                                                                                                                          1,475.46
                               69                                                            1,500                            1,384.66
                                                                                                                                     1,320.95

           60                                                                                                      1,105.72
                                                  49
                                                                                             1,000
                                        39
           40

                                                                                               500
           20


             0                                                                                    0
                    2016      2017     2018      2019     2020     2021      2022                        2016       2017       2018      2019      2020       2021       2022
                    Number of equity underwriting                                                       Amount of equity underwriting

          Notes:
          1. Source: Wind;
          2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including ancillary financing and placement subscribed with assets), share
          allotment, preferred shares, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
          3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date. Therefore,
          there are differences between the data from Wind and the statistical data from the Company.




          ② Bonds financing business

          During the Reporting Period, the bond financing business, on the basis of strict risk control, fully utilized its
          full-license advantage, leveraged its all-round business advantage of linking equity and debt, continued to
          create unique bond products, continuously improved customer tiered management, and actively cultivated
          core customer groups and maintained a stable position in the industry. According to the statistics from
          Wind Information, the Group’s lead-underwriting amount of full variety bonds was RMB980.402 billion,
          ranking the third in the industry.


          Number and ranking of bond underwriting                                            Amount and ranking of bond underwriting
                                                                                                                                     Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


                                                  6        4         3        4                            7         7          8         7          5         3           3
          Market                                                                            Market
          ranking                                                                           ranking
                                                                                                                                                                        9,804.02
         3,000                                                                             10,000                                                            9,311.03
                                                                            2,540
          2,500
                                                                   2,193                    8,000

         2,000                                           1,826
                           CAGR                                                              6,000
                                                                                                               CAGR                               5,669.63
                           +44.94%                                                                             +30.57%
          1,500
                                                1,086                                        4,000                                     3,356.47
          1,000
                                                                                                        1,978.24 2,016.00 2,043.40
                                        432                                                  2,000
           500       274      329


              0                                                                                   0
                    2016      2017     2018     2019      2020     2021     2022                         2016       2017       2018      2019      2020       2021       2022

                    Number of bond underwriting                                                         Amount of bond underwriting

          Notes:
          1. Source: Wind;
          2. The statistical coverage includes local government bonds, policy-bank bonds, non-policy financial bonds (including securities corporate
          bonds), enterprise bonds, corporate bonds, medium-term notes, short-term financing bonds (including ultra short-term financing bonds),
          dedicated instruments, bonds issued by international institutions, bonds issued by government-supported agencies, asset-backed securities,
          convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds and other bonds;
          3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date. Besides, the
          statistical coverage of Wind is different from that of regulatory reporting. Therefore, there are differences between the data from Wind and the
          statistical data from the Company. For the calculation method of issuing number, the statistical caliber of Wind is different from that of regulatory reporting.




056
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
③ Financial advisory business

During the Reporting Period, in terms of the M&A and restructuring, the financial advisory business seized
the historical opportunity of SOEs reform and fully displayed the advantage of business innovation. The
Group focused on capabilities on the identification of high-value transaction opportunity and deal-making,
and vigorously developed customer continuous services, thus maintaining the leading position of the M&A
and restructuring business, further strengthening our brand strengths. The number of M&A transactions
approved and registered by the CSRC was 9, and the transaction amount was RMB165.067 billion, both
ranking the second in the industry.



                                                                                                                                                                        About Us
Amount, number and ranking of merger, acquisition and reorganization
                                                                                                                                              Currency: RMB


                                              2016              2017             2018             2019             2020              2021             2022

Number                                            21                11               15               14                9                 9                9


Ranking by number                                 1                5                3                 1                2                3                 2


                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Transaction amount (in
                                         1,889.53            413.04           1,104.27        1,280.65            504.19          648.93        1,650.67
RMB100 million)


                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Ranking by transaction
amount
                                                 2                 4                 1                1                2                3                 2

Source: The number, scale and ranking of merger, acquisition and reorganization transactions collected based on public information and approved by the CSRC.




④ OTC business




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
During the Reporting Period, the Group actively explored NEEQ listing projects with the target of listing on
the Beijing Stock Exchange, fully displayed the integrated advantage as a large investment bank and
continuously provided innovation-based developing enterprises with complete capital market services.
During the Reporting Period, the Group provided continuous overseeing services for 22 listed companies,
and completed one project listing on the NEEQ, one project with approving letter for listing, two projects
under review for listing, one private placement project of a listed company and one project with approval
for private placement. Jiangsu Equity Exchange, a holding subsidiary of the Group, continued to optimize its
compliance and risk management system, improved the management of existing products and actively
explored innovative business models. It deepened digital transformation, completed the application for
pilots on the innovation and application of national blockchains and was granted the pilot qualification,
continuously improving the capability to provide comprehensive financial services for small, medium and




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
micro enterprises. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has had 15,025 enterprises listed and
displayed, 145 enterprises purely under custody, 227 membership units, and 79,472 investors of all types, and
it raised RMB11.845 billion for enterprises through financing during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
(2) Prime brokerage (PB) business

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to practice the whole business chain service system and
earnestly implemented the service philosophy with customer operation as the core. The Group deployed
an expert team on products to key business sectors, focused on comprehensive financial service needs
from customers’ full lifecycle, relied on digital platforms to provide integrated operation services, effectively
connected internal and external business ecology to empower our customers and continuously improve
customers’ satisfaction for services. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 10,154 fund products
in custody and the total size of fund in custody reached RMB418.436 billion. We provided administration
services to 13,419 fund products (including 806 products from our asset management subsidiary), of which
the service scale reached RMB983.442 billion (including the business scale of asset management subsidiary
of RMB386.645 billion). According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China ( 中 國




                                                                                                                                                               057
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          證券投資基金業協會 ) in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Group ranked the fourth in the industry in terms of the
          number of products filed under the private fund custody business

          Number of fund custody products and business scale                            Number of fund service products and business scale
          of fund custody                                                               of fund services
                                       Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


          Number     934    1,897   2,642     3,678      5,309     7,819     10,154     Number    1,589      2,727      3,465    4,444      6,481      9,958    13,419

                                                                                                                                                      9,975.48 9,834.42
          5,000                                                                        10,000               9,653.45
                                                                                                 9,241.03                                  9,067.33
                                                                            4,184.36                                   8,490.65 8,587.61
                                                                 3,917.51
          4,000                                                                        8,000
                                                                                                   CAGR
                                                                                                   +1.04%
          3,500                                                                        6,000
                      CAGR                              2,458.27
                      +42.62%
          2,000                                                                        4,000
                                             1,311.89

          1,000                     733.05                                             2,000
                   497.21 541.22

             0                                                                             0
                   2016     2017    2018      2019       2020      2021      2022                 2016       2017       2018     2019       2020       2021     2022

                   Amount of custody business                                                    Amount of service business
          Source: Regular reports of the Company                                       Source: Regular reports of the Company




          (3) Research and institutional sales business

          During the Reporting Period, in terms of research business, the Group firmly promoted the transformation
          of business models and actively practiced the full business chain to consistently improve business synergy
          and efficiency, continuously improve the cross-border research service system and build the competitive
          advantages of the research business. It adhered to the digital and platform-based development orientation,
          upgraded and iterated the “Xing Zhi” ( 行知 ) digital service platform and the “RIS” intelligent research
          platform, comprehensively expanded the dimension and depth of platform- based services, optimized and
          improved the production and management processes of products and constantly improved the business
          consistency and the production efficiency of platforms. Focusing on leading domestic and overseas
          institutional customers, the Group was devoted to displaying the supporting and leading role of the research
          business through the linkage of multi-industrial researches, diversified customer services, enhanced depth
          of contents, multiple types of extended service platforms and other measures to continuously improve the
          research quality and boost efforts in tapping into the in-depth value of researches. Centering on customers,
          in terms of the institutional sales business, the Group leveraged advantages in full business chains, classified
          and concentrated on the demands of key customer groups for financial services and built the customer-
          driven and product-driven service matrix for institutional sales and trading. It promoted the construction
          and functional iteration of the “Xing Zhi” ( 行知 ) service platform and the institutional investor work platform,
          actively established a hierarchical and grading customer service system with collaboration, linkage and
          onshore and offshore integration and deeply connected the diversified demands of institutional investors.
          The Group has actively carried out various forms of research service activities, including releasing 10,230
          research reports, organizing 23,524 research roadshow services and 1,074 thematic teleconferences, and
          holding 22 strategy meetings, summit forums and thematic meeting online or through the integration of
          online and offline means. During the Reporting Period, the volume of sub-position transactions for the public
          fund was RMB1,218.869 billion.

          (4) Investment and trading business

          ① Equity trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group made ongoing efforts to resolutely promote business transformation
          to a trading business model, stuck to the de-directionalization strategy, optimized and strengthened the
          integrated investment system on absolute gains with big data transaction business, macro fundamental




058
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
business and innovative investment business as cores and continued to expand the breadth, depth and
intensity of fundamental research on equity. It established efficient and excellent system platforms with
transactions as the center and implemented strategies driven by science and technology and solidified
by systems and platforms to promote the integrated and platform-based development of the equity
investment and trading business and actively build core capabilities on investment and trading. It fully
implemented the digital and platform-based construction and continuously promoted the iteration and
upgrading of platforms to increasingly enhance the performance of key nodes, strengthen the supervision
capability on business operation and comprehensively boost the business efficiency of systems and
platforms. In addition, during the Reporting Period, as one of the first securities companies approved to
conduct stock market-making business on the STAR Market, the Group continuously enhanced the overall

                                                                                                                            About Us
planning on the business, constantly improved the trading system, iterated market-making strategies,
perfected the risk control system and carried out the business in a steady and orderly manner.

② FICC trading business

During the Reporting Period, the Group firmly promoted the strategic transformation of the FICC quantitative
trading, continuously developed the customer-oriented FICC business model with trading as the core,
achieving multi-dimensional improvement in structural innovation, layout optimization and target
expansion for the product system. In terms of fixed-income proprietary investment business, it practiced the


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
management model of hedge fund portfolios under the de-directionalized rotation of general categories
of assets, actively carried out multi-layered and quantitative innovation practice on models, strategies



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
and products and fully displayed advantages in market foresight and risk control to polish the steady
profitability. In terms of market-making business, it actively advanced the two- way empowerment with
big trading platforms and achieved all-around improvement in market-making scale, quotation quality,
market- making efficiency and risk control, continuously intensifying the influence in the industry. As for
bulk commodity business and foreign exchange business, the Group continuously promoted the platform-
based construction and business innovation and steadily enhanced the customer service capability. It
completed the first foreign exchange settlement and sale under the current account under the H share
“full circulation” program. The Group continued to advance the digital business transformation, constantly
optimized the business functions and modules of the HEADS elephant platform (HEADS 大象平台 ),




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
upgraded and built the core capabilities of the CAMS (credit analysis management system) and enhanced
the investment trading and risk management capabilities in a systematic and platform-based manner.

③ OTC derivatives trading business

During the Reporting Period, the Group strived to build a customer- oriented over-the-counter derivatives
business system. It constantly improved the business innovation capability and the trading pricing capability
with trading as the driving force. It created and promoted cross-market, diversified and differentiated
financial derivates products, provided customers with all-dimensional derivative trading services and deeply
docked institutional service systems and customer demands. It continuously leveraged on the FINTECH




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
advantages, actively built accounts with the integration of major asset varieties and trading types and
achieved the accumulation, upgrading and transformation of core business capabilities with the platform-
based construction to fully empower business development and improve the comprehensive value creation
capability of customers. According to the data portals in the regulatory statement SAC agreement, as of



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 6,576 income swap transaction business contracts with an
ongoing size of RMB111.319 billion; the Group had 1,489 OTC option trading business contracts with an ongoing
size of RMB126.007 billion. During the Reporting Period, the Group issued 3,310 private placement products
through the China Securities Internet System and OTC market, with a total amount of RMB29.542 billion.

3. Prospect of institutional services business for 2023

In terms of the institutional services business, the Group is devoted to providing industrial and financial
institutional customers with full-business chain services. It is a key strategic sector for the Group to advance
towards high-quality development. In 2023, the Group will continue to classify and focus on key customer
groups’ demands for financial services, continuously promote the systemic service model, consistently




                                                                                                                   059
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          strengthen business synergy mechanisms, implement comprehensive operation of customer value and
          build a new model of services for institutional customers based on the platform, product and ecosystem to
          achieve mutual empowerment and common growth with customers.

          For investment banking business, we will continue to focus on customers, continuously improve domestic
          and overseas levels of integration, and provide systematic services covering the whole business chain
          to customers with a global perspective and execution. At the same time, we will continue to advance the
          platform-based business and the digital transformation, establish the platform- based big system on
          investment banking with high-quality customers as the core and build a more efficient and competitive
          ecosystem on investment banks with the focus on the lifecycle demands of customers on all business
          chains. In terms of equity financing business, the Group will continue to grasp the historical opportunities
          under the capital market reform and the full implementation of the registration-based IPO system, further
          strengthen the industry focus and deeply root in regional development. Moreover, the Group will increase
          the number of high-quality customers and continue to enhance the integrated capabilities on coordinated
          services across the market and various products. In terms of the bond financing business, the Group will
          continue to deeply root in regional development, focus on industries, concentrate on products, actively
          promote innovative products and services, and constantly improve the marketing development capabilities
          and professional service capabilities. For the M&A and restructuring financial advisory business, the Group
          will practically serve the needs of customers and investors for industrial M&A and enterprise restructuring,
          effectively activate the capital strategies of leading customers, continue to expand diversified business
          opportunities, and actively build M&A transactions with market influence.

          For prime brokerage business, we will rely on the platform-based and ecological development strategies,
          continue to strengthen customer-oriented operation philosophy, increase efforts to promote business
          expansion, further expand the size of customer groups, constantly promote digital transformation and
          improve the efficiency of operation to continuously provide customers with comprehensive services and
          achieve diversified realization of business value.

          For research and institutional sales business, we will continue to improve the integrated domestic and
          overseas system on institutional customer services, strengthen the introduction of high-quality compound
          talents and the optimization of internal talent teams, improve the synergy and efficiency in the full business
          chain based on the effective traction of platforms and build all-dimensional and one-stop financial
          service ecosystem with the focus on the demands of institutional investors to continuously improve market
          competitiveness and industry position.

          For investment trading business, we will continue to build platform-based and systematic investment and
          trading capabilities, practically upgrade to the goal of mastering asset pricing rights and productization
          of trading capabilities, actively build future-oriented core competitiveness, and promote diversification of
          profit models. For the equity trading business, the Group will comprehensively upgrade the system of big
          data business strategies, continue to improve the macro hedging investment capabilities on a large scale,
          optimize and expand the investment models of innovative investment businesses, continuously enhance
          the efficiency of the systems and platforms, and actively build and improve the equity investment and
          trading business system with large-scale and stable profit. For FICC trading business, the Group will continue
          to strengthen the systematic business construction and development, upgrade and improve the functions
          of the HEADS elephant platform (HEADS 大象平台 ) and the CAMS (credit analysis management system), fully
          display the coverage advantages in business objects, constantly enrich and optimize the product structures,
          continuously improve the investment trading capabilities and accelerate the business transformation.
          For OTC derivatives trading business, the Group will leverage on first-mover advantages in business, the
          advantages in the systems with market competitiveness and the strong capabilities on business innovation,
          trading hedge, product design and pricing, risk control and compliance operation, to continuously innovate
          business models and product structures to create hard-core competitiveness.




060
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(III) Investment management business

1. Market environment and industry trend of investment management business

(1) Asset management business systems were increasingly improved and the industry entered into a
new stage of accelerating high-quality development

Under the background of the national economic momentum transformation, the upgrading of industrial
structure, the reform of financial systems and the accelerated direct financing and with the increasingly
improvement of asset management business systems and the introduction of the implementation rules

                                                                                                                                             About Us
on personal pensions and relevant supporting policies, the ecological pattern in the asset management
industry in China will be reshaped. The asset management business is speeding up in shaping a new
pattern with orderly competitions and cooperation. Practically improving the active management capability
and returning to the original intention of the asset management business have become inevitable trends
for the development of the asset management business of securities companies. Under the new pattern
of the asset management industry with refined, transparent and standardized high-quality development,
the demand for asset management services is increasingly diversified and integrated. Various asset
management institutions should full leverage on their capabilities and resource endowments, continuously
intensify the product supply capability, establish a multi-layered product system and asset allocation

                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
capability and develop differentiated operation models and core competitiveness to provide customers
with multi-layered, all-dimensional and high-quality asset management services. According to the statistics


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
from Asset Management Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ), as of the end of the fourth quarter
of 2022, the total amount of asset management business of fund management companies and their
subsidiaries, securities companies, futures companies and private fund management institutions was
approximately RMB66.74 trillion, among which, the
amount of private asset management business of          Scale and year-on-year growth rate of private asset
                                                        management business of securities companies and
securities companies and their subsidiaries was
                                                        their subsidiaries
RMB6.87 trillion. Asset management institutions
should initiatively seize the opportunity of national   Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB                                 Unit: %




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
economic transformation and the upgrading of
                                                        20                                                                0%
residents’ demand, actively integrate internal                   17.58
                                                                          16.88                         -3.63%
and external high-quality business resources                                                                              -5%
                                                        15               -3.98% 13.36
and step up efforts in business innovation in
asset management products. They should                                                   10.83                            -10%

constantly diversify product investment strategies,     10                                       8.55    8.24
                                                                                                                 6.87
continuously optimize investment management                                                                               -15%
                                                                                     -18.94%
models, steadily boost the capabilities on               5                                                      -16.63%
                                                                                                                          -20%
product innovation, investment research and
                                                                              -20.85%        -21.05%
comprehensive risk management, build a multi-
                                                         0                                                                -25%
                                                                                                         2021 2022




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
level and diversified asset management business                 2016      2017    2018   2019    2020

ecosystem and practically provide professional                   Private asset management business scale
services and important support for the investment             year-on-year grow rate of private asset management business scale
and financing needs of the real economy and the         Source: Asset Management Association of China




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
preservation and appreciation of residents’ assets.




                                                                                                                                    061
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) China’s equity investment market saw the trading pace slowing down on the whole with intensified
          industrial competition and differentiated capital structures

          Under the background of the complicated and severe international situation, the increasingly strict
          regulatory environment of the industry and multiple shocks from factors beyond expectation, China’s
          equity investment market faces ordeals. The activity of the fundraising market showed a downward
          trend, the enthusiasm for the investment market decreased and the overall trading volume of the market
          declined. At the same time, competition for high-quality projects was fierce, the incremental capital
          sped up in gathering to top tier management institutions, which have strong professional capabilities
          and resource integration capabilities, and the differentiation between market fundraising structures
          continued. According to the statistics from Zero2IPO Research Center private placement department, in
          2022, 7,061 new funds were raised in China’s equity investment market, with a total fundraising amount of
          RMB2,158.255 billion, representing a decrease of 2.28% over 2021; and there were 10,650 investment cases
          in China’s equity investment market, with a total investment amount of RMB907.679 billion, representing a
          decrease of 36.21% over 2021. With the recovery and development of the real economy and continuously
          driven by the comprehensive deepening of the reform of the capital market, the optimization of regulatory
          mechanisms and policy environment on the industry, and the steady progress of the full implementation of
          the registration system in particular, China’s equity investment market will embrace historical development
          opportunities and equity investment institutions are exposed to higher requirements on their management
          capabilities. In the long term, while serving the high-quality development of the real economy, improving
          the multi-layered capital market systems, increasing the proportion of direct financing and satisfying the
          residents’ demand for asset allocation, China’s equity investment market will play an increasingly important
          fundamental and strategic role in promoting innovative capital, supporting scientific and technological
          innovation of enterprises and industrial transformation and upgrading. The securities companies’ private
          equity investment business should leverage advantages in full business chains, rely on professional
          and three-dimensional investment management systems and continue to enhance all-round and
          comprehensive service capabilities. We will actively create core business competitiveness, thus effectively
          improving the efficiency of serving real economy.


          The number and amount of fund raising in the equity                                     The number and amount of investment cases in the
          investment market in the PRC and the year-on-year                                       equity investment market in the PRC and the year-on-
          growth rate                                                                             year growth rate

          Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                          Unit: %   Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                              Unit: %

          Fund                                                                                    The
          raising     2,438      3,574    3,637    2,710    3,478    6,979    7,061               amount of 9,124      10,144 10,021 8,234           7,559      12,327 10,650
          amount                                                                                  investment
                                                                                                  cases

          25,000                                                                        100%      15,000                                                     14,228.70              100%
                                                                    22,085.19
                                                                            21,582.55
                                                                                        80%                            12,111.49                                                    80%
          20,000
                                                                84.47%                            12,000                                                     60.39%
                              17,888.72                                                                                        10,788.06
                                                                                        60%                                                                                         60%
                                                                                                                       62.59%                        8,871.49            9,076.79
          15,000     13,712.05      13,317.41                                                     9,000
                              30.46%        12,444.04 11,972.14                         40%                 7,449.10                      7,630.94                                  40%


          10,000                                                                        20%       6,000                                                                             20%
                                                           -3.79%                                                                                 16.26%
                                                                                        0%                                    -10.93%                                               0%
           5,000                                  -6.56%                     -2.28%               3,000
                                                                                        -20%                                          -29.26%                       -36.21% -20%
                                         -25.55%
               0                                                                        -40%           0                                                                            -40%
                      2016       2017     2018     2019     2020     2021     2022                           2016       2017       2018    2019      2020       2021     2022

                     Fund raising amount                                                                     The amount of investment cases
                   Year-on-year growth rate of fund raising amount                                         Year-on-year growth rate of the amount of investment cases

          Source: Statistics from PEdata of Zero2IPO Research                                     Source: Statistics from PEdata of Zero2IPO Research




062
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2. Operational measures and achievements of investment management business

(1) Asset management business of securities companies

During the Reporting Period, with the advent of an era with new rules for post-asset management, Huatai
Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, actively adapted to changes in market and
regulatory environment. Adhering to the “customer-oriented” philosophy and with the investment asset
management and the asset management services on investment banking as drivers, it provided one-stop
top-ranking investment products, asset allocation and overall financial service solutions to empower the
process of the asset management service for customers. Relying on the resources of the Group in the entire


                                                                                                                         About Us
business chains, it strengthened the two-way driving of the Group, leveraged on the genetic advantages
of investment banking, displayed the digital application capabilities, actively promoted the establishment
of the investment research and trading systems and continuously enhanced the active investment
management capability to develop core competitiveness on platform operation and integration. According
to the regulatory statement data, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the total asset management scale
of Huatai Asset Management was RMB479.614 billion. According to statistics from Wind Information, during
the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management issued 130 enterprises’ ABS (asset-backed securitization),
ranking the second in the industry; and the issuance scale was RMB130.500 billion, ranking the third in the
industry.


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, for asset management business of securities companies, we focused on
the overall size and quality of asset management and continued in transformation towards active

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
management. We actively built scaled and differentiated product systems covering different risk-return
characteristics by full leveraging the capabilities on asset discovery, risk pricing and product design.
For the collective asset management business, we effectively implemented transformation under new
regulations and completed the transformation of currency-enhanced public fund, a key product. A total of
183 collective asset management plans were under management and the total management scale was
RMB66.570 billion. In respect of the single asset management business, we accelerated the development
of net worth entrusted business and continuously promoted business transformation. A total of 415 single




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
asset management plans were under management and the total management scale was RMB114.806
billion. In respect of specialized asset management business, we continued to promote product innovation
to continuously improve the service capabilities in the full business chain. A total of 208 specialized asset
management plans were under management and the total management scale was RMB205.269 billion.
In respect of the public fund management business, we actively created net-value wealth management
solutions for investors with different needs and managed 33 public fund products in total with aggregated
management scale of RMB92.969 billion.




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                063
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The table below sets forth the scale and income of the securities companies’ asset management business:
                                                                                                                                          Currency: RMB


                                                              2022                                                        2021
          Item                                 Entrusted scale              Net income                   Entrusted scale               Net income
                                           (in RMB100 million)      (in RMB10 thousand)              (in RMB100 million)       (in RMB10 thousand)

          Collective asset
          management                                     665.70               16,025.90                               696.18                24,055.07
          business

          Single asset
          management                                     1,148.06             21,269.30                           1,804.56                  28,200.79
          business

          Specialized asset
          management                                 2,052.69                  13,471.38                          1,947.82                      12,211.97
          business

          Public fund
          management                                     929.69              104,230.43                               737.17               137,059.45
          business

          Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements. In 2021, changes in net income of collective asset management business and public
          fund management business were mainly due to basis adjustment.




          Issuing number and ranking of enterprise ABS                           Issuing scale and ranking of enterprise ABS (asset-backed
          (asset-backed securities)                                              securities)
                                                                                                                  Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

         Ranking                                                                  Ranking
         by number    2      3       5        3      4        3       2           by scale     3        3        4       2        4        3          3
         150                                                                     2,000
                                                             137
                                                                     130
                                                                                                                                        1,671.12
         120
                                                                                 1,500
                                                                                                                                                   1,305.00
          90         CAGR                           84                                        CAGR
                     +31.62%                  73
                                                                                 1,000        +31.84%                   908.91 931.72
          60
                                                                                                               638.58
                             37      40
                                                                                   500                463.52
          30          25
                                                                                             248.55


           0                                                                         0
                     2016   2017    2018     2019   2020     2021    2022                     2016     2017    2018     2019     2020    2021       2022

                      Number of issuance                                                     Issuing scale

          Source: Wind                                                           Source: Wind




064
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(2) Private equity fund management business

During the Reporting Period, for the private equity fund management business, the Group focused on
industry research based on its business advantages, deeply deployed on key industries, continuously
explored and invested in high-quality projects in the industry and actively promoted the invested
enterprises to seize the opportunities of the registration-based IPO system reform to achieve listing and
exit. Meanwhile, it strengthened the partnership with large SOEs, leading enterprises in the industries and
listed companies, promoted the raising of new
                                                        Number and amount of investment programs with
funds, expanded the size of fund management and         private equity investment funds
continuously accumulated project reserves for the                                      Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                       About Us
investment business. As of the end of the Reporting
Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment and its                    33       64      59       40      32      36       30
secondary subsidiaries as managers have filed a
total of 23 private equity investment funds with the    60              56.58

Asset Management Association of China ( 中國證券                    49.20

投 資 基 金 業 協 會 ), with a total subscription amount
                                                        50


of RMB56.626 billion and a total paid-up capital of     40

RMB42.934 billion. During the Reporting Period, the                                               28.17
                                                        30                       26.46
above-mentioned private equity investment funds

                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                                          23.52
implemented a total of 30 investment projects with      20
a total investment amount of RMB1.104 billion, all of                                                     11.62   11.04



                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                        10
which were equity investment projects. According
to the statistics of the Asset Management
Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ), as
                                                         0
                                                                2016     2017    2018     2019    2020    2021    2022
                                                                 Amount of investment programs
of the fourth quarter of 2022, Huatai Purple Gold
                                                        Source: Regular reports of the Company
Investment ranked the third in the industry in terms
of average monthly scale of private fund.




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
(3) Asset management business of fund companies

During the Reporting Period, with adherence to equal emphasis on compliance management and business
development, fund companies under the Group continuously stepped up efforts on product research and
business innovation, optimized and adjusted the layout of products, focused on improving the construction
of intelligent systems and continued to research and develop diversified investment models to further
enhance the comprehensive capabilities on cross-cycle asset management in multiple categories and
continue to maintain the increase in the total scale of assets under management. As for asset management
business of China Southern Asset Management, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets
managed by China Southern Asset Management amounted to RMB1,729.516 billion. Among which, China
Southern Asset Management managed a total of 317 funds in its mutual funds business, the total asset size



                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
of which amounted to RMB1,058.535 billion, and the total asset size of private funds business amounted to
RMB670.981 billion. As for asset management business of Huatai-PineBridge, as of the end of the Reporting
Period, the total assets managed by Huatai-PineBridge amounted to RMB326.789 billion. Specifically, Huatai-



                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
PineBridge managed a total of 126 funds in its mutual funds business, the total asset size of which amounted
to RMB309.170 billion, and the total asset size of private funds business amounted to RMB17.619 billion. (The
profit or loss from equity investments of China Southern Asset Management and Huatai-PineBridge were
included under other segments in the segment report)

(4) Asset management business of futures companies

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, actively promoted the
technology-led digital transformation and the innovation-led business transformation, continuously built
the customer- oriented and integrated service system and enhanced the management capability mainly
on FOF products under the CTA strategy for products. It vigorously expanded customer groups and product
scale, constantly improved professional capabilities and developed core competitive advantages to meet




                                                                                                                              065
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the differentiated risk appetites and asset allocation demands of customers. As of the end of the Reporting
          Period, Huatai Futures managed a total of 38 asset management plans which were in the duration period.
          The total asset management scale was RMB1,340,906,200, and the futures equity scale was RMB177,769,000.

          (5) Alternative investment business

          The Group carried out alternative investment business through its wholly- owned subsidiary Huatai
          Innovative Investment. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Innovative Investment continued to improve
          its internal management system and mechanism, focused on FINTECH equity investment and the co-
          investment business of the STAR Market, and steadily explored the co-investment business of the ChiNext
          and the strategic placement business of the Beijing Stock Exchange according to regulatory requirements
          and business layout. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 46 subsisting investment projects with
          an investment scale of RMB2,150.1069 million. The investment attributes mainly include co-investment on the
          STAR Market and equity investment.

          3. Prospect of investment management business for 2023

          The investment management business plays the dual strategic roles of asset manager and asset services
          supplier. It is an important area for the Group’s financial product innovation and client asset management.
          In 2023, the Group will continue to display professional capabilities in asset discovery, risk pricing and
          product creation, fully leverage resources advantages in full business chains, and actively build scaled and
          featured financial product system with full varieties to meet the differentiated demands of customers. It
          will build a first-class investment management platform to continuously reinforce its leading position in the
          industry.

          The asset management business of securities companies will rely on the platform of the entire business
          chain, display the advantages on featured resources of securities companies in asset management,
          strengthen differentiated development endowments, consolidate the foundation of the platform-based
          infrastructure capability and constantly and deeply integrate full business scenarios and internal and
          external resources into platforms to establish competition barriers with differentiated businesses, achieve
          hardcore breakthroughs with platform-based operation and seek business breakthroughs, transformation
          and transcendence. It will display the advantages of large platforms, expand customers of securities
          companies with the focus on customer demands, strengthen advantageous assets with the genes of
          investment banks and improve featured tracks based on advantageous industries of securities companies
          to constantly consolidate its market influence and brand recognition.

          In respect of the private equity fund management business, the Group will seize the opportunities of the
          comprehensive deepening of the reform of the capital market and institutional innovation, continue to
          further explore and deploy on key industries, build the ecosystem of key industries, continuously improve
          its professional investment management capabilities and further consolidate the industry influence on key
          sectors. It will leverage advantages in full industrial chains of the Group, continue to exploit and explore new
          businesses, actively carry out raising of new funds and constantly expand the size of fund management to
          facilitate the diversification of business structure and profit models.

          In respect of the asset management business of fund companies, we will continue to strengthen
          compliance risk control and management and talent team building. We will continue to maintain the
          exploration of new businesses and the development of new products, focus on building multi-layered,
          distinctive and differentiated product lines, actively establish an integrated investment and research
          platform, constantly deepen the digital and intelligent integration and practically enhance professional
          capabilities on investment research, to output stable, long-term and sustainable investment performance
          for customers.

          In respect of the asset management business of futures companies, we will proactively integrate internal
          and external investment research resources, constantly advance the digital transformation, improve the
          decision-making and management mechanism on investment, enhance the research and judgment
          capabilities on strategic iteration, continuously strengthen our management capabilities focusing on
          FOF products in commodity CTA strategies and vigorously develop FOF products of major assets, with an




066
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
aim to proactively establish a unique product system and management capabilities with differentiated
competitiveness.

In respect of the alternative investment business, we will constantly improve system and mechanism and
operational process, speed up in the construction of the FINTECH ecosystem, and prudently promote the
development of equity investment, the follow-on investment on the STAR Market, and other new businesses,
effectively control existing business risks and duly handle post- investment management, and steadily
improve capital usage efficiency and return on assets.

(IV) International business

1. Market environment and industry trend of international business                                                       About Us

(1) The in-depth development of the institutional two-way opening up of the capital market
accelerated the internationalization of securities industry, and clients’ demand for cross-border
services promoted the international service capabilities of securities companies

With the gradual implementation of measures on the high-level institutional and systemic opening up
of the capital market in China, the interconnection mechanism of the capital market was continuously


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
optimized and the fundamental trading systems were increasingly perfected. International varieties
constantly increased and onshore and offshore investment and financing channels were continuously



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
expanded. The capital market had the new value proposition of being a platform connecting onshore and
offshore financial and industrial resources and building a hub with dual- cycle systems, which will achieve
a two-way opening at a higher level, in a broader range and in more ways. With increasing capabilities
of the capital market to allocate global resources and serve the real economy, the securities industry will
also usher in historic and major development opportunities, and leading securities companies, leveraging
on worldwide resource allocation, customer service and risk management, will be of greater potential to
become large-scale investment banks with international competitiveness. Currently, in light of the gradual
implementation of laws, regulations, policies and guidance in respect of two-way opening in the capital




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
market, the growing demands from clients for cross-border integrated financial services, the strengthening
trend of global asset allocation, and the internationalization development of securities industry entering
a critical period, international business has become a front field for securities companies to expand
development space, increase new profit growth points and promote business structure upgrading. Large-
scale securities companies should actively seize the strategic opportunities from the accelerated formation
of a new pattern of high-level two-way opening up of the capital market, further explore and build a leading
comprehensive service platform with integrated domestic and international operations, continuously
optimize domestic and overseas business cooperation and collaboration mechanism, accelerate the
progress of internationalization and actively build a cross-border ecosystem. They should also continue
to enhance the international operation capabilities, cross- market service capabilities, global asset
allocation capabilities and cross- border risk management capabilities, to better provide domestic and



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
global customers with multi-market, all-dimensional and one-stop investment and financing transaction
experience and integrated financial solutions.




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
(2) Good growth momentum of the independent channel of the US wealth management industry is
favorable for the long-term development of the TAMP market

From the perspective of the overall industry development, the current wealth management industry in the
US mainly consists of the independent channel (registered investment advisors, hybrid and independent
broker-dealers, insurance broker-dealers etc.) and the traditional channel (national and regional broker-
dealers, bank broker-dealers and wirehouse advisors, etc.). In the wealth management industry, the
market share of the independent channel grows faster than that of the traditional channel and such
trend sustains. According to the statistics of Cerulli, the market size of independent channels is expected
to increase from USD13.1 trillion to USD14.2 trillion from 2021 to 2026 and the market share will expand from
43% to 49%. According to the statistics of PriceMetrix, 75% of the investment advisors’ revenue came from
management fees in 2020, which was a record level relative to commissions and the transformation of the




                                                                                                                067
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          charging model from commissions to management fees was continuously promoted. From the perspective
          of business development trends, the funds from investors are being transferred to investment products
          with lower costs and fees. The TAMP industry can keep empowering and fueling the wealth management
          business through leading FINTECH development, which can bring the cost advantage of scale to customers
          and help them grasp booming development opportunities. According to the statistics of Cerulli, from 2016
          to 2021, the compound annual growth rate of the TAMP market was 19.1%, which was significantly higher than
          that of the overall investment advisory market, which was 11.6% for the same period.

          2. Operational measures and achievements of international business

          During the Reporting Period, as the Group’s holding platform for international business, Huatai International
          was fully integrated into the full business chain system of the Group. It consolidated the intermediary
          positioning in the capital market, deeply explored the customer-oriented, integrated and platform-based
          cross-border service ecosystem, actively extended overseas business layouts, expanded trading authority
          and smoothened trading paths to meet customers’ demands for global asset allocation. It achieved stable
          performance growth, constantly deepened the international business layout and continuously enhancing
          the influence in overseas markets. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the asset size of Huatai International
          reached nearly HK$200 billion, ranking it among the leading Chinese-funded securities firms in Hong Kong
          with its comprehensive strength continuing to improve. In addition, Huatai International established a
          subsidiary in Singapore during the Reporting Period and actively applied for the licenses on capital market
          services and the waiver of licensing requirements on wealth management advisory to the Monetary
          Authority of Singapore.

          (1) Business in Hong Kong

          The Group’s business in Hong Kong adhered to its origins as a brokerage firm, with cross-border business as
          the starting point, built all-dimensional and comprehensive cross-border financial service platform systems
          and maintained positive growth of its business scale and revenue in the volatile market environment
          with its strong platform strength and excellent risk control capabilities. During the Reporting Period, the
          business platform systems including the equity business platform, fixed-income business platform, wealth
          management platform, fund platform and flagship investment banking business continued to deepen
          with outstanding differentiated competitive advantages. For the equity derivatives business, the Group
          has utilized the advantages of the Group’s platforms to continuously enhance the allocation of major
          assets, commodity trading and the interconnection among securities pools at home and abroad, on and
          off the market, and constantly increase the market share and the coverage rate of top customers; for the
          stock sales and transactions business, the Group focused on one-stop and comprehensive cross-border
          financial services on “Spot equities + cross-border prime brokerage + QFII” to continuously improve the
          cross-border sales system and comprehensively upgrade the servicing capabilities; for FICC business,
          the Group accurately judged the market orientation and conducted forward-looking layout in diversified
          businesses, strictly maintained the bottom line for risk control, improved the cross-border sales and trading
          systems with the orientation of customer demands, maintaining the steady business development trend.
          For the wealth management business, the Group continuously improved online and offline platform-based
          and integrated operation. For online operation, the Group has continuously optimized the functions and
          operating capability of the “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) platform. For offline operation, the Group actively
          promoted the upgrading of product functions, trading systems, account management and other modules,
          strengthened customer sales channels for diversified products and provided customers with comprehensive
          financial services covering the whole lifecycle. For the fund business, the Group has continued to enhance
          the active management capability, strictly prevented and controlled risks, continuously developed
          comprehensive investment platforms with comprehensive business coverage and increasingly improved
          functions, vigorously seized high-quality assets and expanded the management size. For the investment
          banking business, the Group practically strengthened cross-market execution and service capabilities, gave
          full play to the advantages on the layout on multi product lines and continuously improved the customer-
          centric and comprehensive cross-border investment banking service platform and systems. It sponsored 5
          IPO projects and completed 1 listing by way of introduction in the Hong Kong stock market during the year,
          ranking the second among Chinese investment banks in terms of the weighted amount of IPOs sponsored




068
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
in the Hong Kong stock market.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s business in Hong Kong maintained healthy and balanced business
development. As for securities trading, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) achieved the total assets
under custody of HK$80.598 billion and the total stocks trading volume of HK$298.542 billion; as for advising
on securities, it actively provided research reports and advisory services for customers; as for advising
on corporate finance, it participated in completion of 29 listing, re-financing and GDR projects and 123
bond issue projects with the total amount of trading and issuance of HK$46.988 billion; as for financing
for securities deposits, the accumulated credit amount was HK$2.418 billion. Besides, during the Reporting
Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) completed 6 financial advisory projects in total. During the


                                                                                                                                          About Us
Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) officially obtained the qualification as a participant
of the Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPAC) Exchange of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, making
it one of the first Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong obtaining such qualification. It obtained the
registration as a cross-border conversion agency for stock connect global depository receipts granted by
the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, making it one of the first institutions obtaining the registration for conducting
cross-border conversion businesses from the Shenzhen Stock Exchange after the revision of the rules and
the two-way expansion of the range of application for the Shanghai- London Stock Connect in 2022.




                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
(2) AssetMark
                                                         Assets on Platform (AoP) of AssetMark
AssetMark’s mission is to make a difference in


                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                                                                                          Unit: US$100 million
the lives of independent investment advisors
                                                          1,000                                                934.88 914.70
and the investors they serve. The highlights of
AssetMark’s core business include a fully integrated                                                  745.20
                                                            800         CAGR
platform with compelling technology, personalized                       +18.98%
and scalable services and curated investment                                                 616.08
                                                            600
function. Such clear business strategies guided
                                                                             424    448.55
AssetMark to define its short-term and long-term            400
                                                                    322.51
goals. AssetMark designs and aligns its strategies




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
to things that matter most to advisors and that             200
differentiate it in the TAMP marketplace. According
to Cerulli Associates and other public information,           0
as of the end of the third quarter of 2022,                          2016    2017    2018    2019     2020     2021   2022

AssetMark’s market share in the US TAMP industry                  AoP

was 11.2%, ranking the third in the industry.            Source: Regular reports of the Company

During the Reporting Period, AssetMark maintained its leading position in the industry and constantly
increased the business revenue through leading business models and advanced technology platforms.
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total platform assets of AssetMark reached USD91.470 billion; the
AssetMark platform served an aggregate of 9,297 independent investment advisors, of whom, 2,882 active




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
investment advisors manage assets of more than USD5 million; the total investor households served by the
AssetMark platform reached over 240,000, representing an increase of 14.84% from the end of 2021. During
the Reporting Period, 690 investment advisors signed new contracts with AssetMark. In addition, AssetMark




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
completed the acquisition of Adhesion Wealth, a wealth management technology solutions provider, in
December 2022, further enhancing its overall competitiveness in the TAMP market.




                                                                                                                                 069
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                        Technology Platform

                                                                                            Compelling and fully integrated
                                                                                            platform designed to reduce costs
                                                                                            and streamline processes while
          Investment Solutions
                                                                                            supporting the adviser and investor
          Thoroughly vetted sets of solutions                                               lifecycle
          from leading third-party asset
                                                                                                              Adviser Service
          managers, strategists and in-house
          investment management team                                                        Highly tenured sales, service and
          provides optionality, streamlines
                                                          AssetMark                         operations professionals support
          work and maximizes advisers’ time                                                 advisers across their business
                                                         Service Platform
          with their clients




          Compliance Support
                                                                                                                       Custody
          AssetMark provides advisers with
          compliance support through                                                        Open architecture custodial

          portfolio monitoring and risk                                                     platform provides flexibility

          profiling tools that help mitigate risk




          (3) Huatai Securities (USA)

          With the US broker-dealer license approved by the US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Huatai
          Securities (USA) was eligible to conduct broker-dealer business in the US in 2019, including securities
          underwriting, securities brokerage for institutional investors, financial advisory for M&A, etc. It obtained
          qualification for proprietary trading in 2020 and obtained the business qualification for securities trading
          with institutional investors in Canada in 2021. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Securities (USA) continued
          to improve its system and platform construction, constantly expanded the variety of trading products and
          market channels, actively promoted the development of FICC business, continuously optimized the cross-
          border linkage and coordination mechanism of U.S. domestic businesses and domestic and Hong Kong
          businesses, and continuously expanded cross-border FICC trading platform, to effectively meet customers’
          asset allocation needs. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Securities (USA) obtained market access to
          major stock exchanges in Europe and introduced the Low-touch algorithm trading platform in the existing
          High-touch products in the US market.

          3. Prospect of international business for 2023

          International business is a bridge for the Group to build an onshore and offshore integrated platform as
          well as a new engine for the high-level development and profit creation of the Group. In 2023, the Group
          will continue to deepen the cross- border integrated management mechanism, constantly strengthen the
          effective linkage of teams, platforms and resources and focus on developing the cross- market capital
          service ability to provide customers with onshore and offshore integrated comprehensive financial services
          and fully improve the competitiveness and influence of the international business.

          Huatai International will stick to focusing on the customer needs, actively build an integrated, ecological,
          platform-based and comprehensive cross-border financial service platform, strengthen business
          collaboration, diversify product chains and full-process customer services, strengthen the pre-risk
          management and control capability and continuously enhance the platform-based internal synergy in the
          full business chain.

          For the business in Hong Kong, the Group will continue to improve the customer service system, consolidate
          the intermediary positioning of the cross-border capital market and provide customers with one-stop
          financial services through implementing business strategies such as domestic and overseas integration,
          equity and debt integration, complementation of institutional wealth, and first- level and second-level




070
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
linkage. For equity derivatives business, the Group will continue to solidify its business strengths, explore
new businesses and new markets and strengthen the levels of customer services in all aspects; for stock
sales and trading business, the Group will actively promote the construction of big middle office under the
prime brokerage business model and continuously build an integrated global service system with layered
coverage and accurate input of resources based on needs; for FICC business, the Group will continuously
improve the digitalization, boost the capability on integrated sales and transactions based on the upgrading
and iteration of platforms and match multi-layered onshore and offshore investment and transaction
demands of customers; for wealth management business, it will vigorously advance the integration of
online and offline capabilities, consolidate the transaction and asset allocation functions of the platform
with the orientation of improving customers’ core experience for online operation and implement the

                                                                                                                           About Us
building of platform-based operation with enhancing digitalization as the core for offline operation; for fund
business, it will continuously promote first-level and second-level linkage and the “investment linkage” ( 投投
聯動 ) and leverage on the resources advantage across the full industrial chain to empower customers and
actively cooperate with external funds to improve the reputation and market influence in the industry; for
investment banking business, it will leverage the advantages of the Group as a large platform, deepen the
strategy of advancing all product varieties in parallel, fully display the advantages in onshore and offshore
integration and provide customers with one- stop comprehensive financial services on the entire industrial
chains.


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
AssetMark will continue to hold onto the core business highlights, build an integrated technology platform,
improve customizable and scaled services, strengthen advanced investment management capabilities


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
and cultivate a flexible and professional wealth management ecosystem. AssetMark will continue to deepen
cooperation with the existing investment advisors, focus on customers’ needs, provide differentiated
services and assist customer growth to further expand the investment consulting customer base. AssetMark
will continue to upgrade its digital tools and platforms to empower investment advisors, and improve
interaction experience and office collaboration, and help investment advisors navigate their clients’ financial
health plans. It will vigorously expand customer channels and devote to improving the operation efficiency
and reducing operational risks through promoting scale-based business and the practice of the listed
company in performing social responsibilities. In addition, AssetMark will continue to focus on high-quality




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
strategic M&A opportunities to promote extensive growth.

Huatai Securities (USA) will continue to promote cross-regional cooperation, deepen the business
cooperation and binding in the PRC mainland, Hong Kong and the US and expand the depth and breadth
of the coverage over global institutional investors. It will vigorously advance the application for the license
on introducing brokers, expand the varieties of FICC products, continuously increase product and business
varieties, constantly broaden market channels and provide all-round services to meet the customer
demand for asset allocation.



(V) Business innovation and its effects on the Company’s business performance,



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
future development and risk control

During the Reporting Period, the Company constantly carried out business innovation activities, promoted
the innovation of new businesses, new products, services and management modes, and constantly



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
improved its innovation ability. The development of innovative business is a supplement to the existing
product lines and business scope, which can effectively release business space, expand client resources
and revenue sources, enhance profitability, as well as improve customer structure and business model,
meet customers’ full and diversified business needs, and further enhance brand influence.

During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve the risk management mechanism on new
businesses, revised the risk assessment and management measures on the Company’s new businesses,
optimized assessment processes on new businesses and promoted the implementation of construction of
process management and control systems to enhance the quality and efficiency of risk assessment on new
businesses and guarantee that the risks on new businesses are measurable, controllable and bearable.

During the Reporting Period, the Company launched the market making business on funds and the STAR




                                                                                                                  071
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Market, obtained the market making qualification on certain commodity futures/options on Zhengzhou
          Commodity Exchange, Shanghai Futures Exchange and Guangzhou Futures Exchange and provided liquidity
          to the market with its market making capability. The Company set various risk control indicators on strategic
          and corporate levels based on its business characteristics and carried out unified management and control
          on exposure and position limit. The Company further improved the ancillary system construction and control
          mechanism for the market- making business and included new categories into the risk management
          system to ensure that all businesses could be carried out constantly and steadily.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company actively participated in investments and transactions of
          innovative businesses such as the “Southbound Trading” of bonds, foreign exchange settlement and
          sales, stock market-marking on the STAR Market and market making business on funds. Based on risk
          characteristics of specific businesses, the Company deeply studied the substance of risks of all business,
          identify and assess potential risks of new businesses, formulate management measures for new businesses
          and improve the ancillary personnel arrangement, system construction and management and control
          mechanisms on decision-making and authorization, target management, risk monitoring, model verification
          and business continuity management to ensure that new businesses could be carried out in an orderly and
          steady manner.


          (VI) There were no significant changes in the Company’s operation status during
          the Reporting Period and there were no matters that had or expected to have
          significant influence in the future on the Company’s operation during the Reporting
          Period


          II. MAJOR OPERATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

          As of December 31, 2022, on a consolidated basis, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB846.567 billion,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 4.95%; total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
          amounted to RMB165.087 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.23%; total revenue, other income
          and gains amounted to RMB46.824 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.83%; and profit for the
          year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB11.053 billion, representing a year-on-
          year decrease of 17.18%.


          (I) Main businesses analysis
          1. Analysis table of the changes in relevant items of the income statement and the cash flow statement

                                                                                          Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                            Amount for                 Amount for
                                                            the current           the same period              Change
          Item                                                   period                of last year     percentage (%)

          Total revenue, other income and
                                                             46,824,372                 51,926,404                 (9.83)
          gains

          Total expenses                                    (35,815,380)              (38,283,823)                 (6.45)

          Profit before income tax                            12,228,038                 16,272,562               (24.85)

          Profit for the year attributable to the
                                                              11,052,696                 13,346,106                 (17.18)
          shareholders of the Company

          Net cash generated from/(used in)
                                                             70,290,567               (65,337,094)                    N/A
          operating activities

          Net cash used in investing activities             (16,715,000)                 (262,042)                    N/A




072
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                    Amount for                   Amount for
                                                    the current             the same period              Change
Item                                                     period                  of last year     percentage (%)

Net cash (used in)/generated from
                                                   (26,697,139)                   44,205,373                    N/A
financing activities

Net increase/(decrease) in cash and
                                                    26,878,428                   (21,393,763)                   N/A
cash equivalents



2. Revenue, other income and gains                                                                                               About Us

As of December 31, 2022, the Group recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB46,824 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.83%, in which:

(1) Fee and commission income recorded a year-on-year decrease of 6.02% to RMB20,981 million,
accounting for 44.81%, mainly due to the decrease in charges income from securities and futures brokerage
business.



                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
(2) Interest income recorded a year-on-year decrease of 6.76% to RMB13,744 million, accounting for 29.35%,
mainly due to the decrease in the Group’s income from margin financing and securities lending business.



                                                                                                                               and Strategies
(3) Net investment gains recorded a year-on-year decrease of 46.53% to RMB6,027 million, accounting for
12.87%, mainly due to the decrease in revenue from the Group’s investment business.

(4) Other income and gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 69.21% to RMB6,072 million, accounting for
12.97%, mainly due to the increase in exchange gains.

                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                           2022                        2021                 Increase/Decrease




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Item
                                   Amount           Ratio     Amount             Ratio      Amount             Ratio

Fee and commission income        20,981,425        44.81%   22,325,343         42.99%      (1,343,918)      (6.02)%

Interest income                    13,744,117     29.35%     14,741,059        28.39%      (996,942)        (6.76)%

Net investment gains              6,026,587        12.87%      11,271,371        21.71%   (5,244,784)      (46.53)%

Other income and gains            6,072,243        12.97%     3,588,631          6.91%      2,483,612        69.21%

Total revenue, other income
                                 46,824,372       100.00%   51,926,404        100.00%     (5,102,032)       (9.83)%
and gains




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
3. Total expenses




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s total expenses were RMB35,815 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 6.45%, in which:

(1) Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB4,746 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
16.04%, mainly due to the decrease in commission expenses of securities and futures brokerage business.

(2) Interest expenses amounted to RMB11,111 million, representing a year-on- year increase of 1.10%, mainly due
to the increase in the financing scale.

(3) Staff costs amounted to RMB10,052 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.49%, mainly due to
the decrease in accrued staff costs as a result of the income decline in the Group.

(4) Other expenses mainly include depreciation and amortisation expenses, tax and surcharges as well as
(reversal of)/provision for asset impairment loss and other operating expenses.




                                                                                                                        073
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                    2022                          2021                     Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                            Amount            Ratio        Amount          Ratio            Amount          Ratio

          Fee and commission
                                         (4,745,839)         13.25%     (5,652,709)        14.77%           906,870      (16.04)%
          expenses

          Interest expenses                (11,111,339)      31.02%    (10,990,375)        28.71%          (120,964)         1.10%

          Staff cost                     (10,051,898)        28.07%     (11,357,194)      29.67%           1,305,296      (11.49)%

          Depreciation and
                                          (1,552,576)         4.33%     (1,432,645)        3.74%            (119,931)       8.37%
          Amortization expenses

          Tax and surcharges                (189,971)         0.53%      (239,895)         0.63%              49,924     (20.81)%

          Other operating expenses       (8,649,106)         24.15%     (8,062,817)       21.05%           (586,289)        7.27%

          Financial assets
          impairment reversal/                  485,349     (1.36)%       (548,188)         1.43%           1,033,537         N/A
          (losses)

          Total expenses                (35,815,380)        100.00%    (38,283,823)      100.00%           2,468,443      (6.45)%



          4. Analysis of segment revenue, other income and gains and segment expenses

          (1) Analysis of segment revenue, other income and gains
                                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                          Percentage                 Increase
                                                  Percentage of
                                                                                    of total segment           or decrease in
                                                  total segment
                                                                         Segment             revenue,             percentage
                                   Segment        revenue, other          revenue,      other income        of total segment
                              revenue, other        income and       other income and gains for the revenue, other income
                                income and          gains for the and gains for the  same period of and gains as compared
                                gains for the     current period   same period of            last year to the same period of
          Business segment    current period                  (%)         last year                (%)               last year

          Wealth
                                                                                                                 Decrease of 0.23
          management              23,482,561                50.15        26,159,829             50.38
                                                                                                                percentage point
          business

          Institutional                                                                                         Decrease of 6.69
                                   8,133,656                17.37        12,495,351             24.06
          services business                                                                                    percentage points

          Investment
                                                                                                                 Decrease of 3.17
          management               2,270,428                4.85           4,162,162                8.02
                                                                                                               percentage points
          business

          International                                                                                           Increase of 4.91
                                   9,413,986                20.10        7,892,395              15.20
          business                                                                                             percentage points

          Others (including                                                                                       Increase of 5.18
                                    3,523,741                7.53          1,216,667                2.34
          offset)                                                                                              percentage points




074
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
During the Reporting Period, on a consolidated basis, the Group recorded revenue, other income and gains
of RMB46,824 million in total, representing a year-on-year decrease of 9.83%. Among the principal business
segments, income and other gains from wealth management business, institutional services business,
investment management business and international business increased year-on-year by RMB-2,677 million,
RMB-4,362 million, RMB-1,892 million and RMB1,522 million, respectively.

In terms of income structure, the income from wealth management business segment accounted for
50.15% of the Group’s revenue, representing a decrease in proportion of 0.23 percentage point, mainly
because the Group continued to promote the transformation of its wealth management business to solidify
market advantages under the circumstance that the trading volume in the stock market was relatively low;


                                                                                                                             About Us
as affected by a greater drawdown in the equity market, the results of the Group’s institutional services
business segment and investment management business segment fluctuated, which accounted for 17.37%
and 4.85% of the Group’s revenue, representing a decrease in proportion of 6.69 percentage points and
3.17 percentage points; and the income from international business segment accounted for 20.10% of the
Group’s revenue, representing an increase in proportion of 4.91 percentage points, mainly attributable to the
improved results of Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) and AssetMark.



(2) Analysis on segment expenses


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                                Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                  Percentage of
                                                                    Percentage of   Increase or decrease


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                  total segment
                                                       Segment      total segment in percentage of total
                        Segment expenses for the expenses for the expenses for the segment expenses as
                 expenses for the         current same period of   same period of compared to the same
Business segment   current period     period (%)        last year     last year (%)    period of last year

Wealth                                                                                      Decrease of 6.39
management            (15,063,586)            42.06      (18,549,453)           48.45
                                                                                           percentage points
business




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Institutional                                                                                Increase of 0.97
                       (7,434,388)            20.76       (7,574,761)            19.79
services business                                                                           percentage point

Investment                                                                                    Increase of 0.01
management              (1,210,570)            3.38       (1,290,760)             3.37
                                                                                            percentage point
business

International                                                                                 Increase of 4.12
                        (7,521,339)           21.00      (6,463,785)            16.88
business                                                                                   percentage points

Others (including                                                                             Increase of 1.30
                       (4,585,497)            12.80      (4,405,064)              11.51
offset)                                                                                    percentage points




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
In terms of expenses of each business segment as a percentage of total expenses of the Group, expenses of
wealth management business segment decreased by 6.39 percentage points, mainly due to the decrease



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
in fee expenses of securities and futures brokerage business; expenses of institutional services business
segment, investment management business segment and international business segment increased by 0.97
percentage point, increased by 0.01 percentage point and increased by 4.12 percentage points, respectively.




                                                                                                                    075
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          5. Information of R&D personal

          During the Reporting Period, the Group deeply implemented the strategy on digital transformation, firmly
          focused on the overall target of “making technology the core competitiveness of Huatai”, continuously
          increased investments in IT construction and constantly established scientific and flexible organizational
          systems and talent development systems, achieving stable growth in the number of R&D staff. As of the end
          of the Reporting Period, the R&D personal of the Group amounted to 3,667, representing 21.83% of the total
          staff of the Group.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the information of R&D personnel of the Group is as follows1:



          Number of R&D personnel of the Company                                                                   3,667

          Percentage of the number of R&D personnel to the
                                                                                                                   21.83
          Company’s total number of employees (%)

                                            Education composition of R&D personnel

          Education composition category                                             Number of education composition

          Doctor                                                                                                      15

          Master                                                                                                    1,307

          Bachelor                                                                                                  2,179

          Junior college graduate and below                                                                           47

                                               Age composition of R&D personnel

          Age composition category                                                         Number of age composition

          <30                                                                                                       1,716

          ≥30-<40                                                                                                  1,636

          ≥40-<50                                                                                                    145

          ≥50                                                                                                         51




          1
           Note: Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics of education and
          age composition do not include those of employees of corporations in the United States.




076
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
6. Cash flow

                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                        Amount for the         Amount of         Percentage of
                                    Amount for the       same period          increase or           increase or
Item                                 current period       of last year          decrease          decrease (%)

Net cash generated from/(used
                                         70,290,567       (65,337,094)        135,627,661                  N/A
in) operating activities

Net cash used in investing
                                        (16,715,000)        (262,042)        (16,452,958)                  N/A

                                                                                                                            About Us
activities

Net cash (used in)/generated
                                       (26,697,139)        44,205,373        (70,902,512)                  N/A
from financing activities

Net increase/(decrease) in cash
                                        26,878,428        (21,393,763)         48,272,191                  N/A
and cash equivalents



During the Reporting Period, the net increase in cash and cash equivalents of the Group was RMB26,878


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
million, in which:

(1) Net cash generated from operating activities was RMB70,291 million, mainly due to the decrease in


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss and the scale of financing business.

(2) Net cash used in investing activities was RMB16,715 million, mainly due to the increase in cash paid for
investment.

(3) Net cash used in financing activities was RMB26,697 million, mainly due to the decrease in proceeds from
the issuance of bonds and securities.




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   077
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          7. Detailed description of significant changes in the Group’s business types, components or sources of
          profit
                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                       Amount for       Amount for
                                       the current the same period     Year-on-year
          Item                              period      of last year     change (%)                        Principal reason

          Total revenue, other
                                        46,824,372       51,926,404          (9.83) Decrease in net investment gains
          income and gains

                                                                                               Staff costs and reversal of
          Total expenses               (35,815,380)    (38,283,823)          (6.45)
                                                                                            financial assets impairment

                                                                                       Decrease in total revenue, other
          Operating profit               11,008,992       13,642,581        (19.30)
                                                                                                    income and gains

                                                                                       Decrease in total revenue, other
          Profit before income tax       12,228,038       16,272,562        (24.85)
                                                                                                    income and gains

                                                                                       Decrease in total revenue, other
          Profit for the year            11,365,330      13,600,893         (16.44)
                                                                                                    income and gains

          Among which: profit for
          the year attributable                                                        Decrease in total revenue, other
                                         11,052,696       13,346,106         (17.18)
          to shareholders of the                                                                    income and gains
          Company


                                     Balance as at     Balance as at
                                     the end of the the beginning of   Year-on-year
          Item                              period        the period     change (%)                        Principal reason

                                                                                       Increase in financial investments
          Total assets                 846,567,016     806,650,833             4.95         and purchase under resale
                                                                                                             agreements

                                                                                        Increase in financial liabilities at
          Total liabilities             678,718,307     654,615,049            3.68
                                                                                          fair value through profit or loss

          Total shareholders’                                                           Profit retention and issuance of
                                       167,848,709      152,035,784           10.40
          equity                                                                       perpetual bonds during the year




078
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(II) Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position

1. General description of consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                             As at December 31, 2022   As at December 31, 2021      Increase/decrease
Item
                                Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio       Amount            Ratio

Non-current assets



                                                                                                                          About Us
Property and equipment         6,287,383      0.74%       5,178,222     0.64%         1,109,161       21.42%

Investment properties            217,586      0.03%       294,008       0.04%        (76,422)      (25.99)%

Goodwill                       3,352,219      0.40%      2,836,429       0.35%        515,790          18.18%

Land use rights and other
                               7,439,816      0.88%      6,790,673      0.84%         649,143          9.56%
intangible assets

Interest in associates        18,276,443       2.16%    18,269,459       2.26%          6,984          0.04%

Interest in joint ventures      1,706,184     0.20%      1,749,065       0.22%        (42,881)       (2.45)%           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Debt investment at
                              36,586,707      4.32%    25,299,666        3.14%       11,287,041       44.61%
amortised cost

Debt instruments at
fair value through other       7,900,595      0.93%      4,857,284      0.60%        3,043,311       62.65%
comprehensive income

Equity instruments at




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
fair value through other         241,587      0.03%         163,138      0.02%         78,449        48.09%
comprehensive income

Financial assets at fair
value through profit or        10,142,583      1.20%     9,896,339       1.23%       246,244           2.49%
loss

Refundable deposits           42,706,777      5.04%      27,627,129      3.42%     15,079,648        54.58%

Deferred tax assets             596,499       0.07%        654,651      0.08%         (58,152)       (8.88)%

Other non-current assets        300,664       0.04%        282,227      0.03%           18,437         6.53%



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Total non-current assets     135,755,043     16.04%    103,898,290      12.88%     31,856,753        30.66%




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Current assets

Accounts receivable            7,804,341      0.92%      10,287,174      1.28%    (2,482,833)       (24.14)%

Other receivables,
prepayments and other          2,157,529      0.25%       2,122,246     0.26%          35,283          1.66%
current assets

Margin accounts
                             100,648,375      11.89%    116,942,245     14.50%   (16,293,870)       (13.93)%
receivable

Debt investment at
                              11,965,863       1.41%      7,121,850     0.88%       4,844,013        68.02%
amortised cost




                                                                                                                 079
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                          As at December 31, 2022   As at December 31, 2021      Increase/decrease
          Item
                                             Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio       Amount          Ratio

          Financial assets held
                                           34,824,221       4.11%      11,751,970     1.46%      23,072,251    196.33%
          under resale agreements

          Debt instruments at
          fair value through other          2,603,784       0.31%      4,457,415     0.55%       (1,853,631)   (41.59)%
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair
          value through profit or         340,661,962     40.24%    345,362,833      42.81%     (4,700,871)     (1.36)%
          loss

          Derivative financial assets       15,788,301      1.86%    15,247,805       1.89%        540,496       3.54%

          Clearing settlement funds         8,716,506       1.03%     8,580,941       1.06%        135,565        1.58%

          Cash held on behalf of
                                          140,460,346      16.59%   143,640,263       17.81%     (3,179,917)    (2.21)%
          brokerage clients

          Cash and bank balances           45,180,745      5.34%      37,237,801      4.62%      7,942,944       21.33%

          Total current assets             710,811,973    83.96%    702,752,543      87.12%      8,059,430        1.15%

          Total assets                    846,567,016    100.00%    806,650,833     100.00%      39,916,183      4.95%

          Current liabilities

          Short-term bank loans             7,997,434       1.18%     8,492,290       1.30%      (494,856)      (5.83)%

          Short-term debt
                                           25,772,604      3.80%     53,598,658       8.19%    (27,826,054)    (51.92)%
          instruments issued

          Placements from other
                                            25,877,713      3.81%      14,018,721     2.14%      11,858,992     84.59%
          financial institutions

          Accounts payable to
                                           152,551,723    22.48%     147,501,833    22.53%       5,049,890       3.42%
          brokerage clients

          Employee benefits
                                             5,304,177     0.78%      5,757,598      0.88%        (453,421)     (7.88)%
          payable

          Other payables and
                                          108,096,572      15.93%   106,620,755      16.29%        1,475,817      1.38%
          accruals

          Contract liabilities                218,943      0.03%        265,637      0.04%        (46,694)     (17.58)%

          Current tax liabilities            524,997       0.08%       1,245,374      0.19%      (720,377)     (57.84)%

          Financial assets sold
          under repurchase                 144,117,998     21.23%    130,710,001     19.97%      13,407,997      10.26%
          agreements

          Financial liabilities at fair
          value through profit or          43,005,621      6.34%     28,289,462       4.32%       14,716,159    52.02%
          loss




080
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                As at December 31, 2022   As at December 31, 2021     Increase/decrease
Item
                                   Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio       Amount         Ratio

Derivative financial
                                  9,638,125       1.42%    10,643,222       1.63%    (1,005,097)    (9.44)%
liabilities

Long-term bonds due
                                 29,062,749      4.28%     35,372,308      5.40%     (6,309,559)    (17.84)%
within one year

Total current liabilities       552,168,656      81.35%   542,515,859     82.88%       9,652,797       1.78%

                                                                                                                        About Us
Net current assets               158,643,317         –    160,236,684           –    (1,593,367)    (0.99)%

Total assets less current
                                294,398,360          –    264,134,974           –    30,263,386       11.46%
liabilities

Non-current liabilities

Long-term bonds                 110,356,589      16.26%     97,966,119     14.97%     12,390,470      12.65%


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Long-term bank loans               804,903        0.12%        722,816       0.11%       82,087       11.36%



                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Non-current employee
                                 6,588,448       0.97%      7,057,339       1.08%      (468,891)    (6.64)%
benefits payable

Deferred tax liabilities          2,203,855      0.32%        2,619,161    0.40%       (415,306)    (15.86)%

Financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or           5,569,938      0.82%      2,833,456       0.43%      2,736,482     96.58%
loss




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Other payables and
                                   1,025,918      0.15%      900,299        0.14%        125,619      13.95%
accruals

Total non-current
                                126,549,651     18.65%     112,099,190      17.12%    14,450,461      12.89%
liabilities

Net assets                      167,848,709    100.00%    152,035,784     100.00%     15,812,925      10.40%

Shareholders’ equity




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Share capital                     9,075,589       5.41%     9,076,650       5.97%         (1,061)    (0.01)%

Other equity instruments         19,200,000      11.44%     9,996,425      6.58%      9,203,575      92.07%




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Treasury share                   (1,202,324)    (0.72)%     (1,231,547)   (0.81)%        29,223           –

Reserves                        100,090,636     59.63%     95,021,503     62.50%       5,069,133      5.33%

Retained profits                 37,923,300     22.59%     35,559,779     23.39%       2,363,521      6.65%

Total equity attributable
to shareholders of the          165,087,201     98.35%     148,422,810    97.62%      16,664,391      11.23%
Company

Non-controlling interests         2,761,508       1.65%      3,612,974      2.38%      (851,466)    (23.57)%

Total shareholders’ equity      167,848,709    100.00%    152,035,784     100.00%     15,812,925     10.40%




                                                                                                               081
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As of December 31, 2022, total non-current assets of the Group amounted to RMB135,755 million, representing
          an increase of RMB31,857 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to
          the increase in refundable deposits of RMB15,080 million as well as the increase in total amount of debt
          instruments at amortised cost and debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income
          of RMB14,330 million as compared to the beginning of the year. As of December 31, 2022, total non-current
          liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB126,550 million, representing an increase of RMB14,450 million
          as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the increase in long-term bonds of
          RMB12,390 million.

          As of December 31, 2022, total current assets of the Group amounted to RMB710,812 million, representing
          an increase of RMB8,059 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the
          increase of RMB23,072 million in financial assets held under resale agreements, the decrease of RMB16,294
          million in margin accounts receivable, decrease of RMB3,180 million in cash held on behalf of brokerage
          clients and the increase of RMB7,943 million in cash and bank balances. As of December 31, 2022, total
          current liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB552,169 million, representing an increase of RMB9,653 million
          as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the increase of RMB14,716 million in
          financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss as well as the decrease in the total amount of short-
          term debt instruments issued, placements from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under
          repurchase agreements and long-term bonds due within one year of RMB8,869 million as compared to the
          beginning of the year.

          2. Major restricted assets as of the end of the Reporting Period

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, major restricted assets of the Group totaled RMB197,434,806 thousand,
          including cash and bank balances, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, debt investment
          at amortised cost, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and interest
          in associates. Except for the above assets, no major assets of the Group were seized, detained, frozen,
          mortgaged or pledged so that they could or could not be realized, or could not be used to pay the debts
          only under a certain condition. There was no circumstance or arrangement under which the major assets
          were occupied, used or benefited or the disposal of them was limited.

          3. Description of changes in the measurement of assets measured at fair value and prime
          assets

          Fair value refers to the price received for selling one asset or the price payable for transferring one liability
          by a market participant in an orderly transaction on the measurement date.

          When estimating the fair value, the Group considers the characteristics that the market participants
          consider when they price the related assets or liabilities on the measurement date (including the asset
          status and the limitation on selling or using the assets), and adopts the currently available valuation
          techniques that are supported by adequate available data and other information. The main valuation
          techniques used include market approach, income approach and cost approach.

          The impact of gains and losses of changes in fair value on the Group’s profit during the Reporting Period is
          as follows:

                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Item                                             Impact on profit for 2022             Impact on profit for 2021

          Financial assets at fair value
                                                                         (13,037,891)                            (8,812,676)
          through profit or loss

          Financial liabilities at fair value
                                                                             612,267                                  118,087
          through profit or loss

          Derivative financial instruments                                18,974,293                              9,003,658

          Total                                                           6,548,669                                 309,069




082
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
4. Structure and quality of assets

As of December 31, 2022, total shareholders’ equity of the Group amounted to RMB167,849 million,
representing an increase of RMB15,813 million or 10.40% as compared to that of the end of 2021, which was
mainly due to the realization of profit retention and issuance of perpetual bonds by the Group during the
Reporting Period.

The asset structure of the Group continued to be optimized and the assets maintained good quality and
liquidity. As of December 31, 2022, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB846,567 million, representing an
increase of RMB39,916 million or 4.95% as compared to the beginning of the year. Specifically, cash and bank
balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and clearing settlement funds of the Group amounted

                                                                                                                               About Us
to RMB194,358 million, accounting for 22.96% of the total assets; margin accounts receivable amounted
to RMB100,648 million, accounting for 11.89% of the total assets; financial assets at fair value through profit
or loss amounted to RMB350,805 million, accounting for 41.44% of the total assets; debt instruments at
amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to a
total of RMB59,299 million, accounting for 7.00% of the total assets; property and equipment, investment
properties and other intangible assets accounted for 2.04% of the total assets. Most of the assets have
strong cashability. The Group’s assets have strong liquidity and the asset structure is reasonable.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s debt-to-assets ratio decreased. As of December 31, 2022, the total

                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB678,718 million, representing an increase of RMB24,103 million or 3.68%
as compared to the beginning of the year. The debt-to-assets ratio was 75.81% (excluding the impact of


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
customer funds), representing a decrease of 1.12 percentage points as compared to the beginning of the
year.

As of December 31, 2022, the Group obtained funds through borrowings and debt financing instruments. As
of the end of the Reporting Period, total principal of the placements from other financial institutions of the
Group amounted to RMB199,872 million. Details are shown as follows:

                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Borrowings and debt financing plans                                                   As of December 31, 2022

Placement from China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                                                      –

Placement from other financial institutions                                                            25,877,713

Short-term borrowings                                                                                   7,997,434

Short-term financing funds payable                                                                    25,772,604

Long-term borrowings                                                                                     804,903

Bonds payable                                                                                         139,419,338




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Total principal                                                                                       199,871,992




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Borrowings and debt financing with a financing maturity of more than one year were RMB144,330 million,
accounting for 72.21%. Among them, programs with a financing maturity of one to two years were RMB121
million, those with a financing maturity of two to five years were RMB94,331 million, and those with a financing
maturity of over five years were RMB49,878 million. Borrowings and debt financing with a financing maturity
of less than one year were RMB55,542 million, accounting for 27.79%.

As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s borrowings and debt financing with fixed interest rate were RMB197,069
million. In particular, the balance of short-term borrowings was RMB7,997 million; the balance of long-term
borrowings was RMB805 million; the balance of placement from other financial institutions was RMB25,878
million; the balance of income receipts with fixed interest rate was RMB11,306 million; the balance of
corporate bonds was RMB109,303 million; the balance of subordinated debts was RMB14,397 million; and the
balance of foreign debts was RMB27,383 million.




                                                                                                                      083
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As of December 31, 2022, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB75,549 million, of which
          RMB cash and cash equivalents accounted for 83.57%.

          As of December 31, 2022, the Group’s short-term bank borrowings included balance of credit borrowings of
          RMB7,711 million, and that of pledge borrowings of RMB286 million.

          As of December 31, 2022, all of the Group’s long-term bank borrowings were credit borrowings.

          5. Analysis of profitability

          In 2022, confronted with an unfavorable market environment, the Group firmly implemented the “two-
          pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 ) core strategy of wealth management and institutional services under technology
          empowerment, and constantly enhanced its digital operation capability with its operating results greatly
          outperforming the industry average. Its comprehensive strength soundly ranked in the forefront of the
          industry.

          6. Explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements

          For details of the explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements of the Group,
          please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this report headed “Investment in Subsidiaries”.

          7. Analysis of income tax policy

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s income tax was subject to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the
          PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and the Enforcement Regulations of Corporate Income Tax Law of the
          PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條例》). The calculation and payment methods of the income tax shall
          be subject to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issuing the Measures for the
          Consolidated Collection of Corporate Income Tax on Trans-regional Business Operations (Announcement
          [2012] No. 57 of the State Administration of Taxation) (《國家稅務總局關於印發 < 跨地區經營匯總納稅企業所得稅
          徵收管理辦法 > 的公告》( 國家稅務總局公告 [2012]57 號 )). The income tax rate applicable to the Company and
          its domestic subsidiaries is 25%. The Company enjoys the preferential policy of calculating and deducting
          research and development expenses, and the profit tax rate applicable to the Hong Kong subsidiary of the
          Company is 16.5%. Other overseas subsidiaries of the Company are subject to income taxes at tax rates
          applicable in their jurisdictions.



          8. Analysis of financing channels and financing capacity

                         In terms of financing methods, the Company has two financing channels, equity financing and
                         debt financing. In China, the Company’s short-term financing channels included credit lending via
                         interbank market, bond repurchasing via interbank market and stock exchange market, issuing
                         short-term financing bills, short-term corporate bonds, issuing income credential via quotation
                         and service system for inter-institutional private placement products and self-built counter market,
                         carrying out margin refinancing and income rights financing in relation to margin financing and
          Financing      securities lending from securities and financial companies, banks and other financial institutions,
          channels       etc., and the Company’s medium and long-term financing channels included issuing corporate
                         bonds, private corporate bonds, financial bonds, subordinated debt, perpetual subordinated debt
                         and equity refinancing, etc. In addition, the Company can also introduce foreign funds through the
                         issuance of overseas bonds and medium-term notes as well as syndicated loan to support the
                         business development of the Company. After years of effective efforts, the Company explored and
                         established the short, medium and long-term diversified financing channels, which played a key role
                         in the rapid development process of the Company’s business.




084
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                The Company has always attached great importance to liquidity management. As for funds
                management, it adhered to the principle of “full amount concentrated, allocated in a unified
                way, valued by classification and monitored timely”. In terms of management and development
                strategies, it paid attention to matching business scale with liabilities. Based on reasonable asset
                allocation and diversified debt financing, the Company ensured reasonable matching of duration,
                scale of assets and liabilities and proper liquidity.
                The Company followed the general principles of comprehensiveness, prudency, predictiveness for
                liquidity risk management according to the centralized management and hierarchical prevention
                and control management model, established a liquidity risk management system based on
                comprehensive risk management framework, as well as a sound liquidity risk management system

                                                                                                                                 About Us
                appropriate to the Company’s strategy, and implemented liquidity risk management policy with
                the preference for “steadiness and safety”. The Company ensured no liquidity risk that would
                cause significant impacts on sustainable operation, so as to fully guarantee the steady and safe
                development of the business of the Company.
             In order to ensure its liquidity, the Company has adopted various measures mainly including: 1)
Liquidity    constantly improving the capital planning system, establishing a daytime liquidity monitoring system
             and realizing a daytime monitoring of the management of capital position and cash flow through
management
             platforms, so as to ensure the security of daytime liquidity; 2) strengthening the management for
policies and
             the matching between durations of assets and liabilities and establishing high-quality current asset
measures


                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
             reserves, in order to enhance the diversity and stability of financing; 3) upgrading and transforming
             the treasury management platform, and achieving effective identification, measurement,
             monitoring and controlling on liquidity risks through information system, in order to ensure that the


                                                                                                                               and Strategies
             liquidity risks are measurable, controllable and tolerable; 4) analyzing supervisory indicators of cash
             flow and liquidity risk under certain stress scenarios to evaluate the tolerance level of the Company
             for liquidity risks and analyzing the stress test results to constantly improve the Company’s response
             capacity for liquidity risks; 5) leveraging the consolidation supervision to continuously strengthen the
             subsidiary liquidity risk guidance and to implement vertical management for overseas subsidiaries’
             fund and liquidity risks while also to propose a package of management and control measures
             for core risk points to improve subsidiaries’ response capacity for liquidity risks and the Group’s
             prevention and control for liquidity risks; 6) organizing the formulation, exercise and evaluation of a




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
             liquidity risk contingency plan, in order to improve the Company’s emergency capacity for liquidity
             risks; and 7) improving the liquidity risk reporting system, so as to ensure that the management is
             able to keep abreast of the Group’s liquidity risk level and management situation.
                During the Reporting Period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding
                ratio (NSRF) continued to meet regulatory requirements and maintained enough safe space.




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and



                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                        085
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                             The Company has operated in compliance with regulations, enjoyed sound reputation as well as
                             strong capital strength, profitability and debt repayment ability, maintained good cooperation
                             relationships with commercial banks, and had sufficient bank credit. As of the end of the Reporting
                             Period, the total credit line obtained by the Company from commercial banks amounted to
                             approximately RMB530 billion, demonstrating a strong short-term and medium-to-long term
                             financing abilities. As of the end of the Reporting Period, after assessment by China Lianhe Credit
                             Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable.
                             After comprehensive assessment by Shanghai Brilliance, the credit rating of the Company was
                             AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive assessment by Standard & Poor’s,
                             the long-term credit rating of the Company was BBB+ and the credit rating outlook is stable. After
                             comprehensive assessment by Moody’s, the long-term credit rating of the Company was Baa1 and
          Analysis of
                             the credit rating outlook is stable. As a listed securities dealer, the Company can also meet the fund
          financing
                             demand for long-term development by means such as equity refinancing.
          capability
                        Taking into consideration both liquidity and profitability, the Company held a certain number of
          and financing
                        fixed-income products. Interest rate changes will bring direct impact to the interest income of the
          strategy
                        cash and the market price and investment income of the bond investment held by the Company.
                        Margin financing and securities lending and other capital-based intermediary business, corporate
                        debt financing and other businesses which directly relate to interest rates may directly impact
                        corresponding interest income and financing interest expenses. At the same time, the Company’s
                        stock investment was also indirectly affected by interest rate changes. In addition, as the Company
                        has registered overseas subsidiaries whose capital is contributed in foreign currency, the Company
                        holds foreign currency funds and assets, and the changes of exchange rate will have certain
                        impact on the Company’s financial situation. The Company optimized the distribution of assets and
                        liabilities structure by timely adjusting all kinds of asset structure, strengthened the research on the
                        interest rate and exchange rate market, and used appropriate interest rate, exchange rate and
                        other derivative financial tools to avoid risks and reduce the influence of these factors.

          Contingencies
          and their
          impacts on
                                                                               –
          the financial
          situation of the
          Company




          (III) Analysis of industry operation

          For details, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

          (IV) Analysis of investments

          1. Overall analysis of external equity investments

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s investment in associates amounted to RMB18,276 million,
          representing an increase of RMB7 million or 0.04% as compared to RMB18,269 million at the beginning of
          the period; and the investment in joint ventures amounted to RMB1,706 million, representing a decrease of
          RMB43 million or 2.46% as compared to RMB1,749 million at the beginning of the period. For details of the
          overall situation of the Group’s external equity investment, please refer to Note 25 “Interest in associates”
          and Note 26 “Interest in joint ventures” to the financial statements in this report.

          (1) Significant equity investment of the Company

          For significant equity investment of the Company, please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this
          report headed “Investment in Subsidiaries”.

          (2) The Company had no significant non-equity investment

          (3) Financial assets measured at fair value




086
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                 The changed
                                                                          Investment            amount of fair
                                 Balance at the      Balance at the income during the         value during the
Item                            end of last year    end of this year  Reporting Period        Reporting Period

Financial assets at fair
                                    355,259,172         350,804,545            (4,134,693)           (8,903,199)
value through profit or loss

Debt instruments at
fair value through other               9,314,699          10,504,379             (197,789)              (55,867)

                                                                                                                               About Us
comprehensive income

Equity instruments at
fair value through other                 163,138             241,587                    –               (59,673)
comprehensive income

Derivative financial
                                      4,604,583             6,150,176          28,025,651              4,961,468
instruments




                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
(4) There was no major asset restructuring and integration by the Company during the Reporting
Period


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
2. Information about the use of raised funds

(1) Overview of the use of raised funds

① Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of A Shares

(a) Information about the use of funds raised from the Initial Public Offering of A Shares




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Under the Approval for the Initial Public Offering by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2010]
No. 138) (《 關於核准华泰证券股份有限公司首次公開發行股票的批覆》( 證監許可 [2010] 138 號 )) issued by the
CSRC, the Company publicly issued 784,561,275 ordinary shares in RMB to the public on February 9, 2010,
each stock of which was RMB1.00 at an offering price of RMB20.00, and the total amount of funds raised
was RMB15,691,225,500.00. The raised funds after deducting the underwriting fee and sponsoring fee of
RMB130,000,000.00 amounted to RMB15,561,225,500.00, which were all in place on February 12, 2010, and
verified by Jiangsu Talent Certified Public Accountants with the capital verification report (Tian Heng Yan Zi
(2010) No. 009) issued. As of December 31, 2012, all the principal of the funds raised from the IPO was used up
and the accumulative amount of RMB15.681 billion of the raised funds (including interest of raised funds of
RMB119.8082 million) were used. All of the accounts designated for the use of raised funds of the Company
had been cancelled with settlement of interests.



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
(b) Information about the use of funds raised from the Non-Public Issuance of A Shares

Upon the Approval for the Non-Public Issuance of Shares by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke
[2018] No. 315)(《關於核准华泰证券股份有限公司非公開發行股票的批覆》( 證監許可 [2018] 315 號 )) issued by the


                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
CSRC, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB- denominated ordinary shares
(A Shares) in July 2018 in total, each with a nominal value of RMB1.00 at an offering price of RMB13.05 and the
total amount of funds raised was RMB14,207,942,160.00. After deducting the issuing fees of RMB74,736,488.79
related to the non-public offering (including underwriting sponsorship fee, attorney fee, accountant fee,
information disclosure fee, issuance registration fee, stamp duty and other fees), the net funds raised were
RMB14,133,205,671.21, which were all in place on July 31, 2018 and were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP with
the capital verification report (KPMG Huazhen Yan Zi No. 1800286) issued. As of December 31, 2019, all the
funds raised from the Non-Public Issuance of the Company were used up and the accumulative amount
of RMB14.184 billion of the raised funds (including interest income generated by raised funds) was used.
Accounts designated for the use of raised funds of the Company have been cancelled.




                                                                                                                      087
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          ② Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of H Shares

          Approved by the CSRC, the Company completed the issuance of H Shares in 2015. Funds raised from the
          issuance of H Shares were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP with the capital verification report (KPMG Huazhen
          Yan Zi No. 1501031) issued. According to the Capital Verification Report issued by KPMG Huazhen LLP, the
          net funds raised from the initial public issuance of H Shares in 2015 were RMB30,587,689,604.94 in total
          (excluding related listing fees), and raised funds after deducting the underwriting and issuing fees were
          RMB30,015,054,696.76 in total. As of December 31, 2020, all the funds raised from the H Share issuance of the
          Company were used up and the accumulative amount of RMB30.666 billion of the funds raised from the
          H Share issuance (including interest income generated by raised funds) was used and relevant accounts
          have been cancelled.

          ③ Overview of the use of funds raised from the issuance of GDRs

          Upon the Approval for Issuance and Admission of Global Depository Receipts on London Stock Exchange
          by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2018] No. 1993)(《 關於核准华泰证券股份有限公司發行全球存託
          憑證並在倫敦證券交易所上市的批覆》( 證監許可 [2018] 1993 號 )) issued by the CSRC, the Company completed
          the total issuance of 82,515,000 GDRs in June 2019, each of which at an offering price of USD20.50 and the
          total amount of funds raised was USD1,691,557,500.00. After deducting the issuing fees of USD39,961,513.72
          related to the GDR offering, the net funds raised were USD1,651,595,986.28, equivalent to RMB11,313,036,931.20
          at the central parity of RMB against the U.S. dollar on the date when transferred to the account. The
          abovementioned funds raised were all in place on June 28, 2019 and were verified by KPMG Huazhen LLP
          with the capital verification report (KPMG Huazhen Yan Zi No. 1900393) issued. As of December 31, 2021, all
          the funds raised from the GDR issuance of the Company were used up and the accumulative amount of
          USD1.674 billion of the funds raised from the GDR issuance (including interest arising from the funds raised)
          was used and relevant accounts have been cancelled.



          Overview of the use of raised funds
                                                                                          Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                       Total amount                            Total
                                                            of raised   Total amount     amount of                Usage and
                                        Total amount funds used in           of raised raised funds            whereabouts
          Raising Raising                    of raised the Reporting      funds used       yet to be         of raised funds
          year    method                         funds         Period accumulatively           used                  unused

          2019       GDR offering          1,131,303.69            -       1,158,666.14             –                        –

                     Non-Public
          2018       offering             1,420,794.22             –       1,418,421.26             –                        –
                     (A Shares)

                     Initial offering
          2015                           3,058,768.96              –     3,066,604.63               –                        –
                     (H Shares)

                     Initial offering
          2010                            1,556,122.55             –       1,568,103.37             –                        –
                     (A Shares)

          Total      –                    7,166,989.42             -       7,211,795.40             –                        –




088
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(2) There was no commitment in raised funds of the Company during the Reporting Period

(3) There was no change in raised funds of the Company during the Reporting Period

3. Projects not funded by raised funds

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any project funded by non-raised funds whose
total investment was more than 10% of the audited net assets of the Company as at the end of the previous
year.

(V) There were no sales of significant assets or equities by the Company during the
Reporting Period                                                                                                     About Us


(VI) There was no bankruptcy or restructuring, merger or division, major disposal,
acquisition, replacement or stripping of assets or restructuring of other companies
by the Company during the Reporting Period

(VII) Analysis of Key Subsidiaries


                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                   and Strategies




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                            089
090

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                        Shareholding percentage
      Company name                              of the Company                      Registered capital                        Total assets                  Net assets             Operating revenue                         Total profit                       Net profit

                                                                  100%                       260,000.00                         864,466.22                   762,136.30                        192,142.91                      140,463.81                      106,886.33
      Huatai Securities
      (Shanghai) Asset
                                      Main businesses: securities asset management; publicly offered securities investment funds management. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               HUATAI SECURITIES
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                      approval of relevant authorities).

      Huatai International                                        100%           HK$ 10,200,000,002.00                HK$ 179,156,056,000           HK$ 18,243,644,100             HK$ 10,868,553,400                HK$ 2,232,909,600                HK$ 1,968,489,300
      Financial Holdings
      Company Limited                 Main business: holding company.

                                                                  100%                       600,000.00                         1,383,479.15                 991,939.79                       -80,721.87                      -92,620.24                       -68,590.17
      Huatai Purple Gold
      Investment Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: equity investment, debt investment, other fund investments associated with equity investment and debt investment; investment consulting and investment management for
                                      equity investment and debt investment, and financial consulting. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).

                                                                  100%                       350,000.00                           446,191.17                 379,468.72                         7,457.94                        -6,152.69                       -4,087.78

                                      Main businesses: project investment, investment management, sale of precious metal, hotel management; the followings are permitted to be operated only by branches: accommodation,
      Huatai Innovative               catering services, sale of foods, fitness services, swimming pool, laundry collection, typing and copying, motor vehicle public parking services, conference services, undertaking exhibitions,
      Investment Co., Ltd.            tourism information consultation, ticket agent service. (1. Public fund-raising shall not be conducted without approval by relevant authorities; 2. trading activities of securities products and
                                      financial derivatives shall not be publicly carried out; 3. no loans shall be granted; 4. no guarantee shall be provided to any other enterprises except for its invested enterprises; promises shall
                                      not be made to investors that the principal of their investments will not be subject to any loss or that they will get a minimum return; enterprises shall independently select business items and
                                      carry out operations according to law; businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out in accordance with the approved contents upon the approval of relevant authorities;
                                      business activities classified as prohibited or restricted items by industrial policies of this city shall not be carried out).

                                                                  100%                       393,900.00                       7,708,995.25                  465,876.02                        417,545.67                       42,533.20                        31,204.63
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consultancy, asset management and fund sales. (Businesses that need to be approved by
                                      law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).

                                                               99.92%                          99,748.00                         823,142.62                  551,739.22                       351,055.91                       82,492.25                        61,600.89
      Huatai United Securities
      Co., Ltd.                       Main businesses: securities underwriting and sponsorship (excluding treasury bonds, non-financial corporate debt financing instruments and financial bond underwriting); financial advisory
                                      for securities trading and investment related activities; other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                                                   52%                         20,000.00                          66,937.51                   44,878.30                        10,854.66                         5,917.80                         4,390.81
      Jiangsu Equity Exchange Main businesses: provision of premises, facilities and services for approved listing, registration, custody, trading, financing, settlement, transfer, dividend distribution and pledge of equity
      Co., Ltd.               interests, bonds, assets and related financial products and financial derivatives of unlisted companies, organization and monitoring of trading activities, issuance of market information,
                              trading of listed products in the trading market as an agent, and provision of consultation services for market participants. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out
                              upon the approval of relevant authorities).

                                                                 41.16%                         36,172.00                        1,413,332.61               888,559.35                       646,948.68                        227,231.03                      177,058.63
      China Southern Asset
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the securities regulatory authority under the State Council.

                                                                  49%                          20,000.00                        249,952.64                     158,321.16                     140,747.06                       50,864.35                        37,926.60
      Huatai-PineBridge Fund
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                                                 5.88%                       1,154,445.00                  298,040,300.00                 20,874,100.00                    7,057,000.00                     3,277,300.00                    2,549,400.00

                                      Main businesses: deposits taking from the general public; granting short-term, medium-term and long-term loans; handling domestic settlements; handing acceptance and discounting of
                                      negotiable instruments; issuing financial bonds; acting as an agent for the issue, honoring and underwriting of government bonds and underwriting of short-term financing bills; buying and
      Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd.       selling government bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds; engaging in interbank lending; providing letter of credit services and guaranty; acting as an agent for receipts/payments and
                                      insurance business, wealth management, fund sales, precious metal sales, receipts/payments and custody of collective fund trust scheme; provision of safe deposit boxes; handing entrusted
                                      deposits and loans; bank card services; foreign currency deposits; foreign currency loans; foreign exchange remittances; currency exchange; settlement and sales of foreign exchange, acting
                                      as an agent for forward settlement and sales of foreign exchange; international settlement; proprietary trading and agency for trading of foreign exchange; interbank foreign exchange
                                      lending; trading or acting as an agent for trading in foreign currency securities other than stocks; credit investigation, consultation and witness services; online banking, and other services
                                      approved by the banking regulatory bodies and relevant authorities. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities).

      Notes: 1. In February 2023, according to the management regulation of registration of relevant market entities and the requirements of Market Supervision Administration in Shanghai Changning District, the scope of business of Huatai Innovative Investment Co.,
      Ltd. was changed to “General Items: Investment activities with own capital; investment management; sale of metal chains and other metal products; hotel management; fitness and leisure activities [branch operation]; laundry services [branch operation]; typing
      and copying service [branch operation]; parking lot service [branch operation]; conference and exhibition service [branch operation]; tourism development project planning and consultation [branch operation]; ticketing agency service [branch operation].
      (Except for items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business activities shall be carried out on their own in accordance with the business license). Permitted items: accommodation service [branch operation]; catering service [branch operation];
      food sales [branch operation]; high-risk sports (swimming) [branch operation]. (Items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business activities shall be carried out upon the approval of the relevant departments, and specific business items shall be
      subject to the approval documents or permits of the relevant departments)”.
      2. On February 22, 2023, the Bank of Jiangsu convened the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting, which considered and approved the Resolution on Change of the Registered Capital of Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. Its registered capital was changed to
      RMB14,769,656,700. Such matter is still subject to approval by the Jiangsu Regulatory Bureau of the CBIRC.
      3. On February 22, 2023, the Bank of Jiangsu convened the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting, which considered and approved the Resolution on Amendments of the Articles of Association of Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. The amended Article 19 of the Articles
      of Association of Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. is “The scope of business of the company is: deposits taking from the general public; granting short-term, medium-term and long-term loans; handling domestic settlements; handing acceptance and discounting of
      negotiable instruments; issuing financial bonds; acting as an agent for the issue, honoring and underwriting of government bonds; buying and selling government bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds; engaging in interbank lending; providing letter of credit
      services and guaranty; acting as an agent for receipts/payments and sales of wealth management products, fund sales, precious metal sales, receipts/payments and custody of collective fund trust scheme; provision of safe deposit boxes; bank card services;
      foreign currency deposits; foreign currency loans; foreign exchange remittances; currency exchange; settlement and sales of foreign exchange, acting as an agent for forward settlement and sales of foreign exchange; international settlement; proprietary
      trading and agency for trading of foreign exchange; interbank foreign exchange lending; trading or acting as an agent for trading in foreign currency securities other than stocks; credit investigation, consultation and witness services; derivatives trading;
      securities investment funds and insurance funds custodian; domestic securities investments custody for qualified foreign institutional investors; insurance agency; personal pension business; and other services approved by the banking regulatory bodies and
      relevant authorities.” Such matter is still subject to approval by the Jiangsu Regulatory Bureau of the CBIRC.
      4. The financial data of the Bank of Jiangsu was extracted from its express report of 2022 annual results. The data of net assets represents owner’s equity attributable to shareholders of the listing company, and the data of net profit represents net profit
      attributable to shareholders of the listing company.
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(VIII) Structured entities controlled by the Company

The structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly refer to the asset management plans with
the Group concurrently as the manager or investment advisor and the investor. The Group carries out a
comprehensive assessment of whether the Group will be significantly affected by variable returns due
to the return which the Group is entitled to for the shares held by it and its remuneration as the manager
or investment advisor of the asset management plan, and according to which, determines whether the
Group is the main responsible party for the asset management plan. As at December 31, 2022, the Group
has consolidated 61 structured entities with its total assets reaching RMB71,869,706,994.01. The amount of
the trading financial assets in the balance sheet, which embodied the equity of the Group in the above

                                                                                                                          About Us
consolidated structured entities, was RMB69,504,863,433.19.

(IX) Other information

1. Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

(1) Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

For details of the establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period,


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this report headed “Investments in subsidiaries”.

(2) Capital increase and equity change in Huatai Futures during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, upon consideration and approval at the shareholders’ general meeting of
Huatai Futures, it was approved to convert RMB1,330 million in the audited undistributed profit on December
31, 2021 into the registered capital at the shareholding proportion of shareholders. The registered capital of
Huatai Futures will change to RMB2,939 million after the capital increase. Huatai Futures has completed the
industrial and commercial registration modification and other procedures on the capital increase.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures completed the industrial and commercial registration




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
modification procedures for equity change, and the Company acquired 40% equity interest held by Deluxe
Family Co., Ltd., another shareholder of Huatai Futures, after which the Company’s equity interest in Huatai
Futures has been changed to 100%.

At the same time, during the Reporting Period, the Company increased the registered capital of Huatai
Futures of RMB1,000 million to enhance the capital strength of Huatai Futures and facilitate its business
development. The registered capital of Huatai Futures will change to RMB3,939 million after the capital
increase. Huatai Futures has completed the industrial and commercial registration modification and other
procedures on the capital increase.

2. The establishment and disposal of the Company’s securities branch offices and securities
branches during the Reporting Period


                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the Company relocated three securities branch offices, and no securities
branch offices were newly established or cancelled; 2 securities branches were cancelled and 23 were



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
relocated, and no securities branches were newly established.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 28 securities branch offices and 243 securities
branches. For details, please refer to “Appendix II: List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this
report.




                                                                                                                 091
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (1) Relocation of securities branch offices during the Reporting Period

          No.     Name of branches       Address after relocation                                  Issue Date of License

                  Xuzhou Branch of       1-301# to 1-308#, Building B, Baolong Square, No. 99
          1                                                                                        March 29, 2022
                  Huatai Securities      Heping Road, Yunlong District, Xuzhou City

                  Tianjin Branch of      Block C-I, 5/F, North Finance Building, No. 5 Youyi
          2                                                                                        April 13, 2022
                  Huatai Securities      Avenue, Hexi District, Tianjin City

                                         Rooms 2801-2808, Xingguangcheng, No. 1766
                  Zhejiang Branch of
          3                              Binsheng Road, Changhe Street, Binjiang District,         November 29, 2022
                  Huatai Securities
                                         Hangzhou City, Zhejiang Province



          (2) Cancelled securities branches during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                  Date of Cancellation
          No.     Name of Securities Branches      Address                                        of License

                                                   Room 103, Building 23, Fuyuan Tianjun,
                  Securities Branch of Huatai      Tiyu North Road, Qingyang Town, Sihong
          1       Securities in Tiyu North Road,   County, Jiangsu Province (Sihong County        December 30, 2022
                  Sihong, Suqian                   Economic Development Zone, Jiangsu
                                                   Province)

                  Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                   No. 1 Middle Beijing Road, Zhongxing Town,
          2       Securities in Middle Beijing                                                    December 30, 2022
                                                   Siyang County
                  Road, Siyang, Suqian



          (3) Relocation of securities branches during the Reporting Period

              Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                                Issue Date
          No. relocation                relocation                           Address after relocation           of License

                                                                             Business office No. 3-2 and
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             business apartment No. 2801-       January 14,
          1     Securities in Xidi 3rd Road, Securities in Xidi 3rd Road,
                                                                             2809, 1/F, No. 19 Xidi 3rd Road,   2022
                Wuzhou                       Wuzhou
                                                                             Wuzhou City

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             No. 1 Huayang North Road,          January 14,
          2     Securities in Huayang North Securities in Huayang North
                                                                             Huayang Town, Jurong City          2022
                Road, Jurong, Zhenjiang     Road, Jurong, Zhenjiang

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             No. 314 Xinhua Road, Jianghan March 4,
          3     Securities in Xinhua Road,  Securities in Xinhua Road,
                                                                             District, Wuhan City          2022
                Wuhan                       Wuhan

                                                                             Rooms 131-133, Hengyu
                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             Building, Guyang Middle            March 29,
          4     Securities in Guyang        Securities in Guyang Middle
                                                                             Avenue, Dantu District,            2022
                Avenue, Dantu, Zhenjiang    Avenue, Dantu, Zhenjiang
                                                                             Zhenjiang City

                Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      Room 1-104, Building B, Baolong
                                                                                                             March 15,
          5     Securities in Heping Road,  Securities in Heping Road,       Square, No. 99 Heping Road,
                                                                                                             2022
                Xuzhou                      Xuzhou                           Yunlong District, Xuzhou City




092
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
    Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                           Issue Date
No. relocation                relocation                        Address after relocation         of License

                                                                Rooms 1401 and 04, 14/F, Block
     Securities Branch of Huatai                                1, No. 588 Middle Section
                                 Securities Branch of Huatai
     Securities in Zhengdong                                    of Tianfu Avenue, Hitech         March 21,
6                                Securities in Tianfu Avenue,
     Central Street, Tianfu New                                 Zone, Chengdu City, China        2022
                                 Chengdu
     District, Chengdu                                          (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade
                                                                Zone



                                                                                                                          About Us
                                                                Shop 20, Gucheng
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    Xindu, Gucheng Avenue,
                                                                                                 April 18,
7    Securities in West Main     Securities in West Main        Chengzhong Sub-district,
                                                                                                 2022
     Street, Yingcheng           Street, Yingcheng              Yingcheng City, Xiaogan City,
                                                                Hubei Province

     The Second Securities                                      Nos. 02 and 03, 21/F, Unit
                                 Securities Branch of Huatai
     Branch of Huatai Securities                                1, Block 1, No. 5 Xiyu Street,   April 19,
8                                Securities in Tianfu Square,
     in South First Ring Road,                                  Qingyang District, Chengdu       2022
                                 Chengdu

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
     Chengdu                                                    City, Sichuan Province

                                                                Rooms 1901 and 1905, Block


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    B, Jinsha Wanrui Center,
                                                                                                April 19,
9    Securities in Shujin Road,  Securities in Shujin Road,     No. 1 Shujin Road, Qingyang
                                                                                                2022
     Chengdu                     Chengdu                        District, Chengdu City, Sichuan
                                                                Province

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    No. 188-6, Baota Road, Chunxi
                                                                                                 May 28,
10   Securities in Baota Road,   Securities in Baota Road,      Town, Gaochun District,
                                                                                                 2022
     Gaochun, Nanjing            Gaochun, Nanjing               Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                                                             Rooms 2304, 2305, 2306 and
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                             2307, No. 109 Pazhou Avenue,        June 21,
11   Securities in Wanda Plaza, Securities in Pazhou Avenue,
                                                             Haizhu District, Guangzhou          2022
     Panyu District, Guangzhou Guangzhou
                                                             City

                                                                Rooms 1506 and 1507, 15/
                                                                F, Unit 1, Building 1, Xinxiwang
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                Building, No. 45, Renmin Road June 14,
12   Securities in Renmin South Securities in Renmin South
                                                                South Section IV, Wuhou          2022
     Road, Chengdu               Road, Chengdu
                                                                District, Chengdu City, Sichuan




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                                                Province

                                                                No. 16-3, Guizhou Post Building,
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    No. 2 Zhonghua North Road,



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                 June 24,
13   Securities in Zhonghua      Securities in Zhonghua         Yuxiu Sub-district, Yunyan
                                                                                                 2022
     North Road, Guiyang         North Road, Guiyang            District, Guiyang City, Guizhou
                                                                Province

                                                               R1, 1/F and R1-R3, 2/F, Chuanbo
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                               International Square, No. 250
14   Securities in Zhujiang Road, Securities in Jianghan Road,                                   July 11, 2022
                                                               Jianghan Road, Jianghan
     CBD, Wuhan                   Wuhan
                                                               District, Wuhan City




                                                                                                                 093
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                              Issue Date
          No. relocation                relocation                         Address after relocation           of License

                                                                          A-101 and 201, No. 137
               Securities Branch of
                                            Securities Branch of Huatai Huayuan Street, Wujin District,
               Huatai Securities in                                                                        July 26,
          15                                Securities in Huayuan Street, Changzhou City, Jiangsu
               Middle Yanzheng Avenue,                                                                     2022
                                            Changzhou                     Province Rooms 106, 111 and 112,
               Changzhou
                                                                          1/F and Rooms

                                                                           Rooms 106, 111 and 112, 1/F
                                                                           and Rooms 202 and 203, 2/F,
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Wuzhong Commercial Center,
                                                                                                          July 26,
          16   Securities in Wuzhong       Securities in Wuzhong           Building 1, No. 198 Su Street,
                                                                                                          2022
               Avenue, Suzhou              Avenue, Suzhou                  Yuexi Subdistrict, Wuzhong
                                                                           Economic Development Zone,
                                                                           Suzhou

                                                                           Units 1203-1206, 12/F, Huaya
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Financial Center, No. 8 Denghu
                                                                                                          August 17,
          17   Securities in Denghu East   Securities in Denghu East       East Road, Guicheng Street,
                                                                                                          2022
               Road, Foshan                Road, Foshan                    Nanhai District, Foshan City
                                                                           (Declaration of Domicile)

                                                                           Units 705-707, Building 1,
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Zhongjun Square, No. 16          September
          18   Securities in Jiuyi Street, Securities in Jinhuai Street,
                                                                           Jinhuai Street, Fengze District, 23, 2022
               Quanzhou                    Quanzhou
                                                                           Quanzhou City, Fujian Province

                                                                           Units 03-1, 05, 06 and 07, 36/F,
                                                                           Yuehai Tianhecheng Building
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           (namely, Tianhecheng East          September
          19   Securities in Tianhecheng, Securities in Tianhecheng,
                                                                           Tower), No. 208 Tianhe Road,       7, 2022
               Guangzhou                   Guangzhou
                                                                           Tianhe District, Guangzhou
                                                                           City

                                                                           Rooms 103 and 104, Building
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Z02, Xin Lian Yi Pin, Zhong Lian   September
          20   Securities in Hongri Avenue, Securities in Hongri Avenue,
                                                                           One City, Lianshui County,         1, 2022
               Lianshui, Huaian             Lianshui, Huaia
                                                                           Huaian

                                           Securities Branch of Huatai     Rooms 1103 and 1105, Nos. 359
               Securities Branch of Huatai
                                           Securities in Guangzhong        and 365 Guangzhong West         September
          21   Securities in Gonghe New
                                           West Road, Jingan District,     Road, Jingan District, Shanghai 26, 2022
               Road, Shanghai
                                           Shanghai                        City

                                                                           203, 2/F, Podium of Shandong
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Port Land-Sea Logistics            September
          22   Securities in Jingshi Road, Securities in Jiefang East
                                                                           Building, No. 25-6 Jiefang East    29, 2022
               Jinan                       Road, Jinan
                                                                           Road, Lixia District, Jinan City

                                                                           Room 14102, Building 3, GTland
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Plaza, Shangcheng District,        November
          23   Securities in Jiefang East  Securities in Jiefang East
                                                                           Hangzhou City, Zhejiang            29, 2022
               Road, Hangzhou              Road, Hangzhou
                                                                           Province




094
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
3. Standardization of accounts such as unqualified accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
disposal accounts, and pure fund accounts

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 4,009 unqualified securities accounts, 3,245 judicially frozen
securities accounts, 83,712 risk disposal securities accounts, and 724,318 pure capital accounts.

Account standardization has reached the following quality standards: (1) Except for restricted use of
dormant securities accounts, remaining unqualified securities accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
disposal accounts, etc., the accounts engaging in normal trading activities are all qualified accounts. (2)
Regular comparison of funds and securities account information was made to verify the consistency of key
information such as customer names and numbers to prevent the addition of unqualified accounts. Key
information inconsistencies due to special circumstances such as differences in information rules between                 About Us
the depository bank and the registered company or unusual word processing have been explained on a
case-by-case basis.

Relevant measures for long-term and standardized management of accounts: the daily management of
accounts was strengthened and the real-name system requirements for account business was strictly
implemented. Through face recognition technology, combined with ID card readers, public security
network verification, mobile phone number verification by relevant operator, the Group has strengthened



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
investor identity information identification, continued to innovate account management measures and
improve standard long-term management mechanisms of accounts. It further improved management
on consistency of customers’ basic information, built a unified management platform for customers’ basic


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
information, upgraded customers’ file management system, optimized the unified management platform
by protocol, strengthened the management of business handling files of customer accounts through
Internet channels, and continued to do its best in the physical and electronic management of customer
account business files.



III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S FUTURE DEVELOPMENT



                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
(I) Competition landscape and trend of the industry

At present, China is at the key stage of economic development and transformation. Under the major
strategic deployment of accelerating the establishment of a new “dual circulation” development pattern in
which domestic economic cycle plays a leading role with both the domestic and international economic
cycles promoting each other, the construction of a modern capital market with Chinese characteristics is
under continuous progress. With the implementation of the comprehensive registration-based IPO system
reform, the capital market further displays its role in supporting the development of the real economy
and facilitating the virtuous cycle of capitals and the real economy with increasing momentum in serving
industrial transformation and upgrading and the high- quality economic and social development. The



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
securities industry will embrace major strategic opportunities for development. Meanwhile, the development
of domestic and overseas financial markets still faces various complexities and uncertainties, which will also
bring new challenges to the steady development of the securities industry.




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
First, the comprehensive deepening of the reform of the capital market will provide a broader development
space for the securities industry. In recent years, the comprehensive deepening reform of the capital market
has continuously accelerated and the functions of the capital market have been constantly improved.
With an increasing proportion of direct financing and the continuously establishment and improvement
of the multi-layered capital market system, the adaptability of the capital market to the real economy
was significantly improved and its breadth and depth in serving the real economy were remarkably
expanded. Currently, China’s capital market has embarked on a new journey of reform and development
with fundamental systems continuously improved, the market structure increasingly optimized and the
market resilience significantly enhanced. The capability of the capital market in serving national strategies
is increasing boosted and the securities industry of China will continue to enjoy the policy benefits released
from the reform of the capital market.




                                                                                                                 095
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Second, the new pattern of institutional two-way opening up will drive the securities industry to transform
          in the direction of high-quality development. With the implementation of laws, regulations, policies and
          guidelines on the two-way opening up of the capital market one after another, the interconnection of
          onshore and offshore capital markets is continuously deepened and cross-border investment and financing
          channels are increasingly expanded. As the development of the institutional and systematic two-way
          opening up of the capital market deepens, the internationalization of the securities industry speeds up and
          securities companies should continue to expand international businesses and speed up in promoting the
          transformation and upgrading of the business structure. Oriented by customer needs, building a systematic
          and platform-based comprehensive strength actively, and transforming to a comprehensive financial
          service provider with complete business chain, industrial chain and service chain, will become the only way
          for large securities companies to achieve high-quality development.

          Third, FINTECH empowerment and digital transformation will facilitate the reform of the business operation
          model of the securities industry. Currently, China is under a period of historical convergence featuring a
          new round of technological revolution and industrial evolution and the change of the development model.
          With highly value in and widely application of FINTECH in the securities industry, online, digital and intelligent
          development is becoming the trend of FINTECH in the securities industry. The application of advanced
          FINTECH and new digital concepts in the transformation and iteration of business and management models
          of securities companies, the establishment and improvement of ecosystems on the full FINTECH chains and
          the achievement of the in-depth integration of FINTECH and business development will be effective way for
          securities companies to innovate service models and enhance comprehensive financial service capabilities.

          (II) The Company’s development strategy

          1. Strategic vision: Striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and
          global influence, and a financial institution with international competitiveness, brand influence and system
          importance.

          2. Values and operation philosophy: By adhering to the core values of “high efficiency, integrity, stability and
          innovation” and committing to the operation philosophy of “centered on customer services, oriented by
          customers’ needs and purposed on customer satisfaction”, to be accountable to all clients, shareholders,
          staff and society to achieve harmony and unity.

          3. Strategic orientation: By adhering to the development ideas of marketization and openness and
          consistently following the strategic thread of business platform-based development to continue to promote
          integrated and international development and create a brand-new business model of two-pronged,
          cross-border linkage and ecological interaction of wealth management and institutional services with
          technology empowerment; implementing a differentiated competitive tactic of “investment banking gene
          + full business chain” to build core competitiveness of future-oriented digital and intelligent development
          and develop significant leading edge and brand influence in key customer groups, key industries and
          key regions with an commitment to being a pioneer of industry reform and innovation and a promoter of
          sustainable development to become a first-class investment bank with innovative vitality and technological
          characteristics.

          (III) Business operation plan

          Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

          (IV) The Company’s capital needs to sustain the current business and complete the
          ongoing investment projects

          During the Reporting Period, all businesses of the Company were carried out in an orderly manner. The
          capital-based intermediary business and the investment and trading business are capital-intensive
          businesses with a huge capital demand and change with market fluctuations. The Company continuously
          enhances capital management, improves the efficiency in resources allocation, constantly diversifies
          financing varieties, expands financing channels and reasonably arranges financing maturity to guarantee




096
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
the capital needs for various businesses. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total balance of onshore
and offshore long-term and short-term borrowings, bonds payable and short-term financing funds
payable of the Company was RMB173.994 billion. The Company will continue to enhance onshore and
offshore capital management and select appropriate financing instruments to raise funds based on the
needs in business development. It will continue to explore new financing varieties and methods, improve the
financing capability and optimize the capital structure of the Company to guarantee the fund demand for
business development.

(V) Potential risks (including the implementation of overall risk management and
the investment in compliance risk control and information technology)
                                                                                                                            About Us
1. Overview of risk management

The Company attached great importance to risk management. According to regulatory requirements
and the actual situation of business development, the Company established a relatively comprehensive
overall risk management system based on the core concepts of full staff engagement, full coverage
and full penetration. The Company has a solid and effective risk management framework with clearly
defined responsibilities and staff at all levels performing their duties effectively; the Company worked
out a risk appetite and tolerance system, which is organically integrated with the development strategy,

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
and established a multi- level comprehensive risk management system covering all aspects of business
operation and management; in addition, the Company vigorously promoted the construction of group-wide


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
risk-management technology system and established centralized, time-based, quantitative and penetrable
pillars for risk management technologies, to improve the effectiveness of risk management of the Group
and further strengthen the Group’s overall risk identification, quantitative evaluation and risk control
capabilities. The Company incorporated its subsidiaries into the overall risk management system of the
Group, explored the construction of effective risk management model for subsidiaries, vigorously deepened
the management mindset of centralized and unified professional risk lines on a look through basis, and
built a professional risk management system. The overall risk management system of the Company ran
effectively, which earnestly guaranteed the continuous and healthy development of various businesses of




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Company comprehensively pushed forward various risk management
tasks with the focus on the in-depth and full penetration of business risks management and control, the
consolidation of the cross- border integrated risk management system and the building of digitalized
risk management. The Company deepened precise management and control in key businesses and risk
areas, strengthened prospective identification and real-time monitoring of business risks and built the risk
management capability penetrating into business substance and covering the full life cycle. The Company
further penetrated into the risk control of its overseas subsidiaries to strengthen the construction of a cross-
border integrated risk management system to provide solid safeguard for the internationalization of the
Group. The Company continued to promote risk management empowered by digitization, deepened all



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
dimensional risk perception of the Group, achieved the linkage of management and control procedures
and continuously improved capabilities and efficiency on risk management and control.




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   097
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Risk management structure



                                                                Board of Directors

                                                                                                          Supervisory
                                                                                                          Committee

               Chief Risk Officer                             Senior Management




                                                                       Other
                Risk         Capital    Information     Strategic   Professional        Other         All            All
             Management     Operation   Technology    Development       Risk
                                                                                     Departments   Branches      Subsidiaries
             Department    Department   Department    Department    Management
                                                                    Department




          The risk management organizational structure of the Company covers five major parts: the Board and
          Compliance and Risk Management Committee; Supervisory Committee; the Senior Management and
          Risk Control Committee; Risk Management Department and various professional risk management
          departments; other departments, branches and subsidiaries.

          The Board is ultimately responsible for the overall risk management and is responsible for reviewing and
          approving the basic system relating to the overall risk management of the Company, approving the risk
          appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company, and reviewing periodic risk assessment
          reports of the Company. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee is set up by the Board to
          undertake risk management responsibilities including reviewing and making recommendations on overall
          risk management targets and fundamental policies; evaluating and making recommendations on the risks
          of major decisions which require the Board’s review, as well as the solutions to these risks; reviewing and
          making recommendations on risk assessment reports which require the Board’s review.

          The Supervisory Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising overall risk management,
          supervising and inspecting the Board and the senior management on the performance of their duties of
          risk management, and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorization and approval of the
          Board and the operation objectives of the Company, the senior management is specifically responsible
          for the implementation of risk management and assumes the primary responsibility for overall risk
          management. Upon authorization of the senior management, the Risk Control Committee under the senior
          management is mainly responsible for the decision-making on risk management matters in the course of
          operation and authorizing on risk undertakings in various business lines. Chief risk officer of the Company is
          responsible for leading the overall risk management of the Company.

          The Company appoints the risk management department to perform the overall risk management duties
          and take the lead in managing the market risk, credit risk and operational risk of the Company; appoints
          the capital operation department to take the lead in managing the liquidity risk of the Company; appoints
          the information technology department to take the lead in managing the information technology risk
          of the Company; and appoints the strategic development department to take the lead in managing
          the reputation risk of the Company. Other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are
          responsible for the management of various risks in their respective lines, implementing various policies,
          procedures and measures formulated by the Company and various leading professional risk management
          departments, accepting guidance from various leading risk management departments and assigning the




098
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
risk management duties and implementation responsibilities. The audit department incorporates overall
risk management into the audit scope, makes independent and objective review and evaluation on the
adequacy and effectiveness of overall risk management, and is responsible for taking the lead or entrusting
external professional institutions to evaluate the overall risk management system of the Company regularly.

3. Market Risk

Market risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from fluctuations in risk factors, including
stock prices, interest rates, exchange rates and commodities.

During the Reporting Period, the global capital market fluctuated significantly due to the ongoing Russia-

                                                                                                                              About Us
Ukraine conflict and the expected changes in the interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. The Company
adhered to the concept of value creation through trading and risk control through hedging, actively
controlled its risk exposure and managed the market risk of holding assets through various risks control
measures. The Company has built up a unified risk limitation system to control business risks from various
aspects, such as Market Value at Risk (VAR), stop-loss, stress testing, sensitivity, etc. The Company continued
to improve its stress testing system and regularly calculated and appraised the impacts of various
extreme risks. In respect of investments in equity securities, the Company actively managed risk exposures
through various hedge manners to avoid significant market fluctuations. While ensuring the downside



                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
risks of assets controllable, the Company actively explored trading opportunities and paid attention to
the market liquidity of investment targets and high diversification of asset positions. In respect of fixed-
income securities investment, the Company effectively hedged market risk with interest rate derivatives


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
and adjusted the position structure to respond to the impacts of interest rate fluctuations on the term
and structure of investment portfolios, and actively sought opportunities for pricing deviations to enhance
overall income while controlling overall duration, basis point value and VAR value. In respect of derivatives
business, the Company adopted market neutral strategy for the OTC derivatives business and controlled
the Greeks values (such as Delta, Gamma, Vega, etc.) exposure risks within acceptable limits. It created
profit opportunities with risks under control.




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the Company
                                                                                                     Currency: RMB

Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method; Unit (Ten Thousand Yuan)
                                                  The Company                            The Group

                                               As at the      As at the            As at the           As at the
                                             end of 2022    end of 2021          end of 2022         end of 2021

Equity-sensitive Financial
                                                  3,365            15,177              10,939             25,047
Instruments

Interest-sensitive Financial



                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
                                                   4,172           2,298                 5,115              2,528
Instruments

Commodity-sensitive
                                                    304              201                 407                 294



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
Financial Instruments

Overall Portfolio Risk Value                       5,977          15,803               10,381              26,175

Source: Internal statistics of the Company




                                                                                                                     099
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, Sequence Descriptive Statistics of Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the
          Company
                                                                                                                 Currency: RMB

          Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method; Unit (Ten Thousand Yuan)
                                                       At the beginning    At the end of      Maximum              Minimum
                                                           of the period      the period          value                value

          The Group                                              29,504           10,381           33,173               11,074

          The Company                                             21,719          5,977           25,146               6,475


          Source: Internal statistics of the Company



          4. Credit risk

          Credit risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from the default of a product or bond
          issuer or counterparty (customer).

          In terms of financing business, the Company implemented strict and continuous monitoring of clients
          and assets at risk and the management measures of timely risk resolution, and strengthened dynamic
          counter-cyclical regulation mechanisms to control business risks and adjust business structures. During
          the Reporting Period, under the market volatility, the risks on the Company’s margin financing and securities
          lending and stock pledge repurchase businesses were not affected significantly. In terms of investment
          business, the Company deepened risk management and control of the entire process of credit bonds,
          established a regular screening and disposal mechanism for risky bonds, and continued to strengthen
          the monitoring and pre-warning mechanisms for bond positions, improving the credit risk prevention
          and control effectiveness of the Group on credit bond investment. In terms of transaction business, the
          Company further promoted the establishment of a unified management system and the optimization of the
          management systems for counterparties and further enhanced the credit management of counterparties
          based on internal and external public opinions to strictly control tail risks. In terms of guarantee settlement
          business, the Company continued to improve front- end management and control of risk indicator design
          and promoted systematic construction, and strengthened the management and control capabilities of
          risk handling and transmission. The Company continued to optimize and improve the unified management
          system for credit risks, and improved the ability to deal with the external complicated credit environment,
          therefore providing strong risk control guarantee for the development of various credit businesses. During
          the Reporting Period, there was no major credit risk event in the Company and all businesses ran smoothly.

          5. Liquidity risk

          Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in time
          to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and meet the capital requirements for carrying out
          ordinary businesses.

          The Company has always attached importance to liquidity safety, preferred a “sound and safe” liquidity risk
          preference, followed the general principle of comprehensiveness, importance, applicability, effectiveness,
          prudence and foresight, and continued to strengthen the identification, measurement, monitoring and
          control mechanisms of liquidity risks through a management model of centralized management and
          hierarchical prevention and control, to improve the Company’s liquidity risk management capability. On the
          basis of controlling overall liquidity risks, the Company identified potential liquidity risks of all business lines
          by regular analysis of existing liquidity risk and ad-hoc new business assessment and proposed targeted
          control measures. The Company has established a liquidity indicator analysis framework including cash
          flow, and appropriately set risk limits and implemented daily monitoring through the information technology
          system, to improve the monitoring frequency and control level of liquidity risks. At the same time, the
          Company continued to improve the capital planning system by strengthening capital position management
          and establishing a liquidity daytime monitoring system to keep abreast of capital usage in business




100
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
and day-time payment progress in a timely manner, further moving forward the frontline of liquidity risk
prevention and control. The Company regularly and occasionally conducted special stress tests on liquidity
risks to assess the Company’s liquidity risk tolerance under stress from the perspective of cash flow and
liquidity indicators, and took targeted measures to improve the Company’s liquidity risk resilience. In order
to ensure that liquidity needs can be met in a timely manner under stress, the Company has established
high-quality liquid asset reserve of an appropriate scale based on risk preferences. At the same time, it has
expanded its debt financing channels and quotas from multiple perspectives, and continued to improve the
Company’s emergency financing capabilities. The Company developed liquidity risk emergency plans to
ensure that liquidity risk events, once occurred, can be solved quickly and efficiently, and it also carried out
regular liquidity risk emergency drills. In addition, the Company leveraged the consolidation supervision to

                                                                                                                            About Us
strengthen the subsidiary liquidity risk guidance, in particularly to conduct vertical management on its Hong
Kong subsidiaries with emphasizes on their liquidity management, to improve the subsidiaries’ response
capability to liquidity risks and the Group’s prevention and control of overall liquidity risks. During the
Reporting Period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding ratio (NSFR) continued
to remain at a level that can meet regulatory requirements and far beyond the safety requirements.

6. Operational risks

Operational risk refers to risk on the Company’s losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
procedures, personnel, systems or external events.

During the Reporting Period, with system and process control as the foundation, the Company continued


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
to strengthen the accuracy and precision of operational risk identification and improved the quality and
effectiveness of the Group’s operational risk control with various channels. Taking the opportunity of the
digital transformation, the Company intensified the front-end control of systems and pressed ahead
with the management of operational risk at earlier steps. With the flight test and special inspections on
sectors with high residual risk as the starting point, the Company focused on key businesses and links,
positioned key weaknesses in control and promoted the optimization of management mechanisms.
With process control as the means, the Company achieved the closed-loop control link covering risk
perception, identification and assessment, response and handling as well as rectification and tracking.




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Based on operational risk management tools, the Company carried out traceability and analysis on multi-
dimensional classifications of data and further refined control requirements for the three major tools based
on the effectiveness of application. With the publicity of the risk culture as the driver, it empowered business
development, smoothened channels for two-way feedbacks and experience sharing, upgraded efforts in
the penetration of publicity and trainings and facilitated the operational risk management risk to deeply
take root in the Group. The Company solidly advanced the normalized and standardized management
of business continuity to enhance the effectiveness of disruption prevention and control and emergency
response and guarantee the continuous business operation without abnormal conditions.

7. Compliance risk



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Compliance risk refers to exposure to property loss or business reputation loss as a result of bearing
legal responsibility, supervisory measures or disciplinary sanctions imposed on securities companies
due to violation of laws, regulations and standards by operational management or professional conduct



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
performed by securities companies or their employees.

During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve its compliance management system in terms
of system development, working mechanism and staff management, so as to effectively promote the full
coverage of compliance management. The Company accelerated the development of digital compliance
and stereoscopic compliance, continued to enhance its self-research ability for core systems and was
committed to achieving early discovery of compliance risk. The Company kept up with industry development
trends and regulatory dynamics, and prudently carried out business compliance reviews to facilitate the
stable implementation of new businesses and new products; proactively researched and actively promoted
compliance control of key businesses through compliance assessment, prompt supervision, and meeting
attendance. In addition, the Company also continued to enhance professional risk control of staff, improved
investment behavior management systems and mechanisms of employees, strengthened anti-corruption




                                                                                                                   101
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          promotion and training as well as warning education, and promoted the implementation of the cultural
          development of the securities industry; intensified compliance inspections based on problems and risks,
          focused on key businesses and critical parts, and tracked and implemented rectification status; and improved
          the group-wide compliance management mechanism, in particularly its overseas subsidiaries to strengthen
          compliance communication and control among members of the Group; and intensified the capacity building of
          compliance staff and enhanced the ability to create value of compliance.

          8. Information technology risk

          Information technology risk refers to exposure to losses caused by the failure of the information system to
          continuously ensure the stable and safe operation of transaction and business management in terms of
          business realization, timely response, solving capacity and data security, resulting from technical problems
          or data leakage out of internal or external reasons.

          The business lines and the middle and back-office management of the Company are highly depended on
          the information system, which has become the key support to the operation of businesses of the Company.
          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve information technology governance and
          increased investment in information technology to strengthen the management system and process
          platform-based development of information technology risks, strengthened the identification, evaluation,
          monitoring and report of information technology risks, and carried out special ratification, further improving
          the level and effectiveness of risk management. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s information
          system was operated safely and stably. No major information technology risk events occurred.

          9. Reputational risk

          Reputational risk mainly refers to exposure to risks that are detrimental to the normal operation of the
          Company exposed by the negative judgments from relevant media caused by the Company’s operation,
          management and other conducts or external events.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s reputational risk management mechanism was running steadily
          without occurrence of any significant reputational risk events. Focusing on its strategy and key business, the
          Company continued to intensify its precaution, monitoring and handling of reputational risks, which created
          a good public sentiment for the Company’s development. At the same time, the Company continued to
          strengthen group management, prior management and fast response mechanisms, further enhancing its
          awareness on preventing and the ability on response to reputational risk.

          10. Model risk

          Model risk refers to the risk of adverse consequence or loss to the Company’s businesses resulting from
          incorrect or inappropriate model design, development or use.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve risk management policies and
          mechanisms based on the life cycle of model and constantly promoted model risk management and
          control by approaches and measures including model validation, assessment and monitoring before and
          during events. The Company developed and improved the model risk management system adaptive to its
          own business development while optimizing risk management system and organizational structure as well
          as the model’s information and data management module function, and systematized model validation
          and evaluation processes. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s model risk management was
          operated safely and stably. No major model risk events occurred.

          11. Implementation of overall risk management of the Company during the Reporting Period

          The Company attached great importance to the overall risk management. Adhering to the steady risk
          management culture and with controlling risks, improving efficiency and promoting development as the
          targets of risk management, the Company sticks to the core risk management idea with high engagement,
          full coverage and deep penetration and the management approach of collectivization, specialization and
          platformization and continuously enhances the core competitiveness on risk management.

          For the full coverage of risks, the comprehensive risk management of the Company covers all domestic




102
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
and overseas subsidiaries, branches and business lines for major risk types. The Company established
a risk management system for subsidiaries by combining centralized management and control and
hierarchical authorization, raised clear requirements to subsidiaries on issues including the construction
of the risk management system, risk management policies and indicator system, risk management
personnel allocation and assessment and risk reports, and set up differentiated and detailed rules for risk
management. All risk management departments of the Company fulfilled the management responsibility
on market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and information technology risk
through in-depth linkage and conducted risk identification, prudent assessment, dynamic monitoring, timely
reporting and response for all risks and businesses before, during and after each operation.



                                                                                                                            About Us
For the surveillance of risks, the Company continued to improve the promptness and accurate presentation
of risk surveillance and analysis. The Company continued to deepen the multi-dimensional and multi-
layered risk limitation system with top-to-bottom breakdown and bottom-to-top summarization and
achieved accurate calculation, dynamic monitoring and timely alarming on risk indicators through
platformization to speed up in realizing integrated and real-time risk monitoring in the Group.

For the measurement of risks, the Company realized the measurement on the market, credit and liquidity
risks, and continuously improved the risk measurement model management to develop core technological
competitiveness on risk measurement. The Company carried out evaluation and verification of valuation



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
model and risk measurement model, and continuously perfected and iterated the measurement model
and built the bottom of technological competence to improve the accuracy of measurement results and
provide measurable technological and fundamental guarantees for risk management.


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
For the analysis of risks, the Company established and improved a multi-level risk reporting system, further
strengthened the breadth and depth of risk analysis, so as to ensure the timely and effective transfer of
risk information among various levels and departments. The Company increased investment in pressure
test, continued to improve the establishment of the pressure test system and systematic functions and
further integrated and consolidated the bottom capability on pressure test. In combination with the results
of pressure tests on regular comprehensive and professional risk and drivers of irregular matters, the
Company identified tail risks through forward-looking analysis to provide supports to the management and




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
decision-making of the Company.

For risk response, the Company has, based on risk monitoring and analysis results, formulated certain
response strategies including risk avoidance, reduction, transfer and tolerance matched with different
risk appetites and established reasonable and effective response mechanisms on asset impairment,
risk hedging, capital supplement, scale adjustment, asset and liability management. At the same time,
the Company developed practical risk and crisis response mechanisms and schemes and continuously
improved them through regular exercises to enhance the capability of the Company on preventing, reacting
and resolving risks. The Company continued to consolidate the systematic implementation of front- end
control and achieve process-based rules and platform-based processes to practically prevent risks.

The Company provided sufficient support and protection for its comprehensive risk management in aspects



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
of cultivating a culture, developing policies, increasing investment, improving the system and recruiting
talents. The Company continued to carry out themed trainings on risk management and risk management
culture publicity activities covering all employees and intensified efforts in the publicity and penetration of



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
risk management and the depth of reaching among all employees. The Company further implemented
and optimized risk management assessment, giving full play to the guiding role of risk assessment. The
Company established a three-dimensional risk management system covering basic systems, management
guidelines and implementation rules and developed a regular evaluation and revision mechanism for
the system, through which the implementation of the system was included into the risk assessment.
The Company attached great importance to risk management and information technology system
construction, and implemented guarantees of resources on risk management and the establishment of
systems. It adhered to the concept of digital transformation, accumulated the risk management capability
through systems and platforms and continuously established a cross-border and integrated platform for
risk management with group-wide coverage and deep penetration, empowering the risk management.
The Company intensified its efforts in training and engaging risk management personnel, enabling the risk
management personnel of the Company continuously meet regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                   103
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          12. The investment of the Company in compliance risk control during the Reporting Period

          The Company attached great importance to its
                                                                    The investment of the Company in compliance
          compliance operation and risk management by
                                                                    risk control
          continuously enhancing the construction of the                                               Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          compliance risk control system, optimizing the            80,000                                                        75,711.59
          composition of compliance risk control personnel,
                                                                                                                     64,815.59
          and increasing investment in the construction of                     CAGR
                                                                    60,000
          the compliance risk control system to improve our                    +35.93%
          professional abilities in compliance risk control with                                        45,200.28
                                                                                           38,731.34
          technology as the driving force. The Company’s            40,000
          investments in compliance risk control mainly
                                                                               22,176.49
          include: investment in compliance risk control
                                                                    20,000
          personnel, the daily operating costs of compliance
          risk control and investment in construction of
          compliance risk control related systems. In 2022,              0
                                                                                 2018        2019          2020         2021        2022
          on Parent Company basis, the total investment in
                                                                             The amount of total investment
          compliance risk control of the Company amounted
                                                                    Source: Regular reports of the Company
          to RMB757,115,900.

          13. The investment of the Company in information technology during the Reporting Period

          The Company has always valued innovation in information technology, adhered to the concept of “return
          to the origin of financial services with technology
          empowerment to achieve the co-creation of                 The investment of the Company in IT
          technology and business” and focused on the                                                  Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
                                                                   300,000
          target of “client’s success, business innovation,                                                                       272,407.95

          operation optimization and employee empowering”          250,000
                                                                                                                     222,756.04
          to comprehensively promote the Company’s digital
                                                                                CAGR
          transformation and strive to creating a leading core     200,000
                                                                                +25.88%                 176,478.19

          technology competitiveness in the forefront of the                               142,460.61
                                                                   150,000
          industry. The Company’s investments in information                  108,499.71
          technology mainly include: IT capital expenditure,       100,000

          daily expenses for operation and maintenance
                                                                    50,000
          of IT, leasing and depreciation cost of computer
          rooms, circuit leasing cost and remuneration of IT            0
                                                                                 2018         2019          2020          2021      2022
          personnel. In 2022, on Parent Company basis, the
          total investment in information technology of the                  The amount of total investment
                                                                    Source: Regular reports of the Company
          Company amounted to RMB2,724,079,500.


          (VI) Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the
          Company’s dynamic risk control indicators

          1. Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the dynamic risk
          control indicators

          The dynamic risk control index monitoring and replenishment mechanism is one of the important
          measures for the Company to control risks. During the Reporting Period, to further perfect the management
          mechanism on the dynamic monitoring system for risk control indicators and improve the timeliness and
          accuracy of the calculation results in the statements of risk control indicators, the Company amended
          the Administration Measures for Dynamic Monitoring on Risk Control Indicators. With full data, complete
          functions and normal operation, the dynamic monitoring system for risk control indicators of the Company
          can effectively support the monitoring on the net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators of the




104
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Company. The Company solidly promoted the monitoring and alarming on various risk control indicators,
continuously improved the dynamic monitoring mechanism for risk control indicators mainly based on net
capital and liquidity and assigned full-time operators to conduct daily monitoring, duly report and handle
various abnormalities; with stricter corporate monitoring standards as the monitoring threshold based
on the regulatory standards and pre-warning standards for risk control indicators specified by the CSRC,
launched corresponding reporting route and response plan according to different pre-warning level and
ensured that the net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators always comply with the regulatory
requirements; constantly optimized the function of the net capital and liquidity dynamic monitoring system
to ensure that the dynamic monitoring system can effectively support the monitoring of the Company’s net
capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators.

The Company has established a dynamic complementary mechanism for net capital and liquidity. The                               About Us
Company’s complementary pathways of net capital include but not limited to capital fund raising for
increase in capital and share, issuance of subordinated bonds, compression of highly-risky investment
types and scale, and reduction or suspension of profit distribution, etc. The Company’s complementary
pathways of liquidity include but not limited to external financing (interbank borrowing, bond repurchase,
corporate bond, short-term corporate bond, subordinated debt, short-term financing bill, income receipts,
refinancing integrated fund, gold lease, etc.), realization of part of the liquid reserve, control or adjustment of
business scale, etc.


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
2. Conditions of risk control indicators triggering the pre-warning criteria or not conforming to


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
the required standards, and corrective measures adopted and rectification effects during the
Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted prospective estimation or pressure tests of risk control
indicators for profit distribution, capital increase in and guarantee provision to subsidiaries, engagement
in new businesses and other major events. The above-mentioned matters were implemented under the
condition that the analysis and test results meet the regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period,
main risk control indicators of the Company were all in line with the regulatory requirements, and there were




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
no such circumstances where the risk control indicators violated the pre-warning standards or were not in
compliance with the provided standards.



IV. THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES IN THE COMPANY’S FAILURE
TO MAKE DISCLOSURE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STANDARDS DUE
TO INAPPLICABILITY OF THE STANDARDS REQUIREMENTS OR SPECIAL
REASONS INCLUDING NATIONAL SECRETS AND TRADE SECRETS AND
THE EXPLANATIONS OF REASONS THEREOF

                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
V. OTHER DISCLOSURES

                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
(I) Share capital
For the Company’s share capital for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the details of changes therein,
please refer to “Changes in Shares and Shareholders” in this report.

(II) Arrangement of pre-emptive rights
According to the provisions of the PRC laws and the Articles of Association, none of the shareholders of the
Company has any pre-emptive rights.

(III) Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares




                                                                                                                      105
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          On February 8, 2021, a series of resolutions including the Resolution on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
          of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary was considered and approved at the
          Company’s first extraordinary general meeting of 2021. On March 23, 2021, upon consideration and approval
          at the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company made
          adjustment to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and agreed to grant restricted A Shares to
          the incentive participants. On April 7, 2021, the Company received the Certificate of Registration of Changes
          in Securities issued by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to set
          out the record date being April 6, 2021 and granted 45,488,000 restricted A Shares to 810 eligible incentive
          participants at the grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. The Company has completed the registration of the
          grant of the restricted A Shares. From the grant of the restricted A Shares by the Company to February 28,
          2022, a total of 22 incentive participants of the grant were no longer qualified as incentive participants due
          to their resignations for personal reasons and termination their employment contracts with the Company.
          The restricted A Shares that had been granted to them but not yet unlocked were repurchased and
          cancelled by the Company.

          During the Reporting Period, the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A
          Shares by the Company was considered and approved at the 2021 Annual General Meeting, the 2022 First A
          Share Class Meeting, and the 2022 First H Share Class Meeting of the Company, respectively, which agreed
          that the Company shall repurchase and cancel a total of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares granted but not yet
          unlocked from 22 incentive participants of the grant who are no longer qualified as incentive participants.
          During the Reporting Period, the Company has completed the repurchase and cancellation of the 1,060,973
          restricted A shares. The total share capital of the Company after the cancellation was 9,075,589,027 shares,
          including 7,356,543,347 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
          Shares, which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.

          (IV) Sufficient public float
          As at the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report, based on the information available
          to the public and as far as the Directors are aware of, the Directors believe that the Company’s public float
          satisfies the requirements for minimum public float under Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

          (V) Directors’ interests in competing business with the Company
          None of the Directors of the Company has any interest in business that competes or is likely to compete,
          either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Company.

          (VI) Service contracts of Directors and Supervisors
          According to rules 19A.54 and 19A.55 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has entered into a
          contract with each of the Directors and Supervisors in respect of (among other matters) compliance of
          relevant laws and regulations, as well as the Articles of Association and provisions on arbitration. Save as
          disclosed above, none of the Directors or Supervisors of the Company has entered into or is proposed to
          enter into any service contracts with the Company in their respective capacities as Directors/ Supervisors
          (other than contracts expiring or terminable by the employers within one year without the payment of
          compensation other than statutory compensation).

          (VII) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in material contracts, transactions or
          arrangements
          During the Reporting Period, the Directors or Supervisors of the Company or entities that are connected to
          them did not have material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any material contract, transaction or
          arrangement entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.

          (VIII) Permitted indemnity provision-liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors
          and senior management
          As authorized in 2014 annual general meeting, the Company has provided liability insurance for Directors,
          Supervisors, senior management, and other relevant competent persons. Appropriate insurance coverage
          has been arranged for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company against potential
          legal actions and liabilities that arise from performing their duties to reasonably avoid management and
          legal risks faced by Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to promote the full




106
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
discharge of duties by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

(IX) Profile of Directors, Supervisors and senior management
For profiles of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company, please refer to “Primary work
experience” under “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned Directors,
Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” in “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” in the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.

(X) Remuneration policy
For the remuneration and share incentive scheme of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
                                                                                                                             About Us
Company, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” and “Remuneration of the
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in
the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.

(XI) Share option scheme
The Company did not establish any share option scheme.



                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
(XII) Major customers and suppliers
The Group provides services to a wide range of institutional and individual clients across various sectors. The


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Group’s clients range from retail customers, wealth clients, high-net-worth individuals, institutional clients to
corporate clients, who are primarily located in China. The successful listing in Hong Kong and London and
smooth implementation of its deployment strategies in the international market will facilitate the Group in
carrying out its overseas operations, exploring customer resources and boosting for further development of
the Group’s businesses. In 2022, the revenue attributable to the five largest clients of the Group accounted
for less than 30% of the total operating revenue of the Group.

The Group has no major supplier due to the nature of its business.




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
(XIII) Relationship with employees, customers, suppliers and persons with important
relationships
For details of the employees’ remuneration and training plans of the Company, please refer to “Remuneration
policy” and “Training programs” under “Information about the Staff of the Parent Company and Major
Subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period” in the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.
For the relationship between the Company and its major customers and suppliers, please refer to “Major
customers and suppliers” under “Other Disclosures” in the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(XIV) Business review



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
For analysis of business using key financial performance indicators, please refer to “Summary of the Results”
of this report.

(XV) Corporate governance


                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
For the corporate governance condition of the Company, please refer to “Corporate Governance” of this
report.

(XVI) Tax relief

1. Shareholders of A Shares
According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy
for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關 於 上 市 公 司 股 息 紅 利 差 別 化 個 人
所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2015]101 號 )) and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of
Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012]
No. 85)(《關於實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2012]85 號 )) jointly issued




                                                                                                                    107
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for individual shareholders of
          the Company, if the term of shareholding (a period from the date when the individual acquires the listed
          shares on public offering and transferring markets to the date one day before the shares are transferred
          and settled) is within one month (inclusive), all the dividend and bonus incomes thereof are counted as
          taxable income at the effective tax rate of 20%; if the term of shareholding is between one month and one
          year (inclusive), temporarily, 50% of the dividend and bonus incomes are counted as taxable income at the
          effective tax rate of 10%; if the term of shareholding exceeds one year, temporarily, the dividend and bonus
          incomes are exempted from individual income taxes. When dividends and bonus incomes are distributed
          by a listed company, such company, temporarily, shall not withhold or pay any individual income taxes
          on behalf of the individuals whose term of shareholding is within one year (inclusive); instead, the taxable
          incomes shall be calculated by a securities registration and settlement company based on the term of
          shareholding when the individual transfers those shares and the Company shall withhold and pay the taxes
          through the securities registration and settlement company. For dividend and bonus incomes obtained by
          securities investment funds from listed companies, the individual income taxes thereof are calculated and
          levied pursuant to the provisions in the document of Cai Shui [2012] No. 85.

          For QFII, according to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Withholding and Payment of
          Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the
          QFII (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47) (《關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問
          題 的 通 知 》( 國 稅 函 [2009]47 號 )) issued by State Administration of Taxation, the listed company withholds
          and pays corporate income taxes at a uniform tax rate of 10%. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained
          by QFII shareholders are entitled to the treatment as stipulated in tax treaties (arrangements), application
          for tax refund can be submitted to the governing tax authority after the acquisition of such dividends and
          bonuses according to regulations.

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
          Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) 《 ( 關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014]81 號 ))
          issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus
          incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) on Hong Kong market from investing
          in A Shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the implementation of differentiated taxation is suspended
          before Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited meets the conditions to provide CSDC with the
          investors’ identifications, terms of shareholding and other specific data. The listed company withholds
          and pays the income taxes at the tax rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the governing taxation
          authority. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered a tax treaty
          with the PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the enterprises or
          individuals can, by themselves or entrust a withholding agent to apply to the governing tax authorities of
          the listed company for the treatment as stipulated in such tax treaties. The governing tax authorities shall
          refund the taxes according to the discrepancy between the levied taxes and taxes payable based on the
          rate specified in the tax treaty after verifying and approving the application.

          For the qualified investors who invest in the GDR issued by the Company on London Stock Exchange and
          comply with the relevant domestic and foreign regulatory rules (GDR Investors), according to the Corporate
          Income Tax Law of the PRC(《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and other relevant tax regulations, the Company
          shall withhold and pay income taxes at a tax rate of 10%. Citibank and National Association, as the nominal
          holders of domestic basic A Shares corresponding to GDR, receive the cash dividends distributed by the
          Company. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained by GDR Investors are entitled to the treatment as
          stipulated in relevant tax treaties (arrangements), applications can be submitted to the governing tax
          authority according to regulations.

          For other institutional investors, the taxes on their dividends and bonus incomes shall be paid on their own.

          2. Shareholders of H Shares
          According to the provisions in the Notice by the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Regarding the
          Administration of Individual Income Tax Collection after the Annulment of Document Guo Shui Fa [1993] No.
          045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348)(《國家稅務總局關於國稅發 [1993]045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通知》
          ( 國稅函 [2011]348 號 )), for the dividend and bonus incomes acquired by individual shareholders as overseas
          residents from the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-foreign investment enterprises, the
          withholding agent shall legally withhold and pay the individual income taxes according to item “interest,
          dividend and bonus income”. For the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-foreign investment
          enterprises, the individual shareholders as overseas residents can enjoy relevant tax preferences according




108
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
to the provisions in the tax treaty signed by the country to which the resident identity belongs and the PRC
and in the tax arrangements between Mainland China and Hong Kong (Macao). According to relevant tax
treaties and tax arrangements, the tax rates for dividends are normally 10%. To simplify administration of tax
collection, when the domestic non-foreign investment enterprises issuing shares in Hong Kong distribute
dividends and bonuses, the individual income taxes are generally withheld at the tax rate of 10% without
application. If the dividend tax rate is not 10%, individual income taxes shall be withheld as per the following
provisions: (1) for residents subject to tax rate below 10% pursuant to relevant treaties, the withholding agent
can apply related treatment under such treaties on behalf of the residents and the governing tax authority
will refund the additional tax payments after approving the application; (2) for residents subject to tax rate
over 10% but lower than 20% pursuant to relevant treaties, when the withholding agent distributes dividend
and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at the actual tax rate specified in the

                                                                                                                            About Us
treaties and application for approval is not necessary; (3) for residents from the country which did not enter
into any tax treaty with the PRC and other situations, when the withholding agent distributes dividend and
bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at the tax rate of 20%.

According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues regarding Withholding of Enterprise Income Taxes when
PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends to Overseas Non-resident Enterprise shareholders of H Shares
(Guo Shui Han [2008]No. 897)(《關於中國居民企業向境外 H 股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關
問題的通知》( 國 稅 函 [2008]897 號 )) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, when Chinese resident
enterprises distribute annual dividends to overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders of H Shares for



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
2008 and subsequent years, the corporate income tax shall be withheld and paid at the uniform tax rate of
10%.

According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot

                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81)(《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014]81 號 ))
issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends and bonuses
acquired by Mainland individual investors by investing in listed H Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall withhold the individual income
tax at a tax rate of 20%. For dividends and bonuses acquired from Mainland securities investment funds
by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect,
the individual income tax shall be levied as per above regulations. For dividends and bonuses acquired by
Mainland enterprise investors by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall not withhold any income taxes on the dividends
and bonuses, and such income tax shall be declared and paid by the enterprises on their own. Meanwhile,
for the dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland resident enterprises for continuous holding of H Shares
for 12 months, the corporate income tax shall be exempted according to laws.

According to the current practices of Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax shall be levied for
dividends distributed by the Company in Hong Kong.

The shareholders of the Company shall pay relevant taxes and/or be entitled to tax reliefs according to the
above provisions.

(XVII) Environmental policies and performance of the Company



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
For the environmental policies and performance of the Company, please refer to “Environment and Social
Responsibility” in this report.

(XVIII) Compliance with relevant laws and regulations


                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
As a public company listed at home and abroad, the Company abides, in a strict manner, by the
requirements of the laws, regulations and normative documents of domestic and foreign places where
the Company is listed including the Company Law, Securities Law, Regulation on the Supervision and
Administration of Securities Companies, Rules for Governance of Securities Companies, Code of Corporate
Governance for Listed Companies in China, Corporate Governance Code in Appendix 14 of Hong Kong Listing
Rules and the Articles of Association. The Company established and perfected its rules and regulations
to standardize the operation of the Company, and devoted itself to maintaining and improving its sound
market image. Please refer to “Suspected Violations of Laws and Regulations by, Punishment on and
Rectification of the Company and its Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Controlling Shareholders
and de facto Controllers” in the section headed “Major Events” in this report for the punishment and public




                                                                                                                   109
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          denouncement received by the Company during the Reporting Period.

          (XIX) Reserves and distributable reserves
          Please refer to the consolidated statements of changes in equity and Note 55 to the financial statements of
          this report for changes in reserves and distributable reserves.

          (XX) Property and equipment and investment properties
          Changes in properties and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the year are set out
          separately in Notes 20 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements. As at December 31, 2022, the Group
          did not own any investment properties or properties for development and/or for sale with one or more ratio
          (as defined in the Rule 14.04(9) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) over 5%.

          (XXI) Management contracts
          No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
          business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2022.

          (XXII) Donations
          The Company actively performed its social responsibilities in 2022 by investing RMB42,828,900 (2021:
          RMB46,001,600) in public activities including public service advertising and charitable contribution.

          (XXIII) Five-year financial highlight
          For the highlight of operating results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five financial years, please
          refer to “Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years” under “Key Accounting Data
          and Financial Indicators” in the section headed “Summary of the Results” in this report. This summary does
          not constitute a part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

          (XXIV) Auditors
          1. Upon approval by the Company’s 2019 Annual General Meeting held on June 18, 2020, the Company
          employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for
          the 2020 annual financial statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report and internal control
          audit report and GDR audit report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute of the Company’s
          H Share to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB6.00 million. In 2020, KPMG
          Huazhen LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared
          by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified
          public accountants Cheng Hailiang and Qian Ruwen signed the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified
          opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the
          International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified public accountant Lee Lok Man signed the report.

          2. Upon approval by the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting held on June 22, 2021, the Company
          employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for
          the 2021 annual financial statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit
          report and GDR audit report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares
          to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB6.00 million (of which the internal
          control audit fee was capped at RMB0.50 million). In 2021, KPMG Huazhen LLP issued a standard unqualified
          opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China
          Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Cheng Hailiang and Qian
          Ruwen signed the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial
          report prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards.
          Certified public accountant Lee Lok Man signed the report.

          3. Upon approval by the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting held on June 22, 2022, the Company
          employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
          Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2022 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
          A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche
          Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit
          fee amounted to RMB4.20 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.35 million). In 2022,




110
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit
report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified
public accountant Eric Tong signed the report.

4. Upon approval by the Company’s second meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors held on
March 30, 2023, the Company proposed to employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2023 annual financial
statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit

                                                                                                                             About Us
report; and employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to
issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control
audit fee was RMB0.40 million). This issue is yet to be approved at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the
Company.

There have been changes in auditor of the Company in the past three years. According to the Administrative
Measures for Selection and Appointment of Accounting Firms by State-owned Financial Enterprises (Cai Jin
[2020] No.6)(《國有金融企業選聘會計師事務所管理辦法》( 財金 [2020]6 號 )) issued by the Ministry of Finance,
the service term of the accounting firm previously appointed by the Company expired after the completion
of the audit on the 2021 Annual Report. On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on the Change of the Accounting


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Firm of the Company for 2022 was considered and approved at the 2021 Annual General Meeting, which
approved the Company to engage Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the
audit service institute for the 2022 annual accounting statements and internal control audit services of the

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Company and its controlled subsidiaries, and issued the A Share Audit Report, the Internal Control Audit
Report and the GDR Audit Report, and appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the H Share audit service
institute of the Company and issue the H Share Audit Report.

(XXV) Auditor’s remuneration
For auditor’s audit service fee during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Auditors” under “Other Disclosures”
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
During the Reporting Period, the Company employed Deloitte to provide non-auditing services, such as
agreed procedures and advisory service, and the fees for such non- auditing services were RMB1.0692
million.

(XXVI) Review of Annual Results
This annual financial report has been audited. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors has
reviewed the Company’s audited annual financial statement and annual report as of December 31, 2022,
and did not raise any objections to the accounting policy and convention adopted by the Company.

(XXVII) Publication of the Annual Report



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
This annual report will be released on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and the HKEXnews website
(www.hkexnews.hk).

The 2022 annual report of the Company which contains all the information required by the Hong Kong



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Listing Rules will be sent to shareholders and published on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and
the HKEXnews website (www.hkexnews. hk).



                                                                                          By order of the Board
                                                                                                     Zhang Wei
                                                                                                     Chairman
                                                                                                March 30, 2023




                                                                                                                    111
3   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                  Corporate Governance      114

Environmental and Social Responsibilities   196

                            Major Events    210

    Changes in shares and shareholders      224

                                  Bonds     240
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CORPORATE
          GOVERNANCE




          I. DESCRIPTION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          As a public company listed in both domestic and overseas, the Company has been operating business
          in a standard manner and in strict compliance with the requirements set forth in the laws, regulations
          and regulatory documents of the PRC and the overseas jurisdiction where the shares of the Company
          are listed, and has made continuous efforts to maintain and enhance the good image of the Company
          in the market. The Company keeps improving its corporate governance structure, compliance risk control
          and internal control system according to the requirements under the Company Law, the Securities Law,
          the Regulations on Supervision and Management of Securities Companies, the Rules for Governance of
          Securities Companies, the Rules for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies, the Corporate Governance
          Code (the relevant code is set out on https://en-rules.hkex.com.hk/sites/default/files/net_file_store/
          HKEX4476_3828_VER23680.pdf) as set out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant
          laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, in order to establish a modern corporate system,
          and shape a corporate governance structure where checks and balances among the general meeting,
          the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the operation management are maintained, with each of them
          being separated from the other and performing its own functions and responsibilities corresponding to
          its position within the specified terms of reference, thereby ensuring all the operational activities of the
          Company are carried out smoothly and in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.

          (I) Corporate governance

          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted its operations and management in a standard
          and orderly manner. Various rules and regulations have been formulated and continuously refined in
          strict compliance with the requirements of laws, regulations and regulatory documents to regulate the
          Company’s operations. During the Reporting Period, in order to further improve corporate governance, the
          Company amended and improved the Articles of Association in accordance with the relevant requirements
          of the Constitution of the Communist Party of China (《中國共產黨章程》), the Regulations on the Work of the
          Communist Party of China for its Grassroots Organizations at State-owned Enterprises (Trial)(《中國共產黨國有
          企業基層組織工作條例 ( 試行 )》), the Securities Law, the Company Law, the Regulation on the Supervision and
          Administration of Securities Companies(《證券公司監督管理條例》), the Provisions on the Administration of Equity
          of Securities Companies (《證券公司股權管理規定》), the Provisions on Issues Concerning the Implementation
          of the Provisions on the Administration of Equity of Securities Companies(《關 於 實 施 < 證 券 公 司 股 權 管 理 規
          定 > 有 關 問 題 的 規 定 》), Code of Corporate Governance for Securities Companies (《 證 券 公 司 治 理 準 則 》),




114
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
the Guidelines for the Articles of Association of Listed Companies(《上市公司章程指引》), the Provisions on
Strengthening the Supervision of Listed Securities Companies (《 關 於 加 強 上 市 證 券 公 司 監 管 的 規 定 》), and
the Ten Elements of Cultural Construction of the Securities Industry (《證券行業文化建設十要素》)issued by
the Securities Association of China and other relevant laws, regulations and normative documents as well
as the Approval for the Qualification for Market Making and Trading Business of Listed Securities by Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. (《關於核准华泰证券股份有限公司上市證券做市交易業務資格的批覆》) issued by the CSRC
and the relevant requirements of market regulation administration authorities on standardized description
of business scope and in light of repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares under the
equity incentive scheme of the Company; in order to safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of all
shareholders of the Company, ensure the standardized and efficient operation of the general meetings of

                                                                                                                       About Us
the Company and ensure that shareholders can exercise their powers and functions equally and effectively,
the Company amended and improved the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings in accordance
with the Rules for the General Meetings of Shareholders of Listed Companies (《 上 市 公 司 股 東 大 會 規 則 》)
and other relevant requirements; in order to further perfect the corporate governance structure of the
Company and protect the rights and interests of minority shareholders and stakeholders, the Company
amended and improved the Working System for Independent Directors in accordance with the Rules for
the Independent Directors of Listed Companies (《上市公司獨立董事規則》), the Measures for the Supervision
and Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners of Securities



                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
Fund Operating Institutions (《證券基金經營機構董事、監事、高級管理人員及從業人員監督管理辦法》) and the
Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《 上 海 證 券 交 易 所 股 票 上 市 規 則 》)
and other relevant requirements; and in order to continue to standardize the decision making on related-


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
party transactions of the Company and improve its standardized operation, the Company amended and
improved the Management System for Related-party Transactions in accordance with the Provisions
on the Administration of Equity of Securities Companies and the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on
the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant requirements. All amendments to such systems were
considered and approved at the general meetings of the Company. Meanwhile, in order to improve the
corporate governance structure and strengthen the decision-making functions of the Board, the Company
amended and improved the Terms of Reference of Special Committees under the Board in accordance




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
with the Articles of Association and other relevant requirements; in order to safeguard the legitimate
rights and interests of the Company and investors, and regulate the information disclosure behaviour of
the Company and relevant information disclosure obligators, the Company amended and improved the
Management Measures for Information Disclosure in accordance with the Administrative Measures for
the Disclosure of Information of Listed Companies (《上市公司信息披露管理辦法》) and the Rules Governing
the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant requirements; in order to further
enhance the communications between the Company and investors and potential investors, and promote
investors’ understandings of the Company, the Company amended and improved the Administrative
System Regarding Investor Relationship in accordance with the Work Guidelines for the Investor Relations
Management of Listed Companies (《上市公司投資者關係管理工作指引》) and the Rules Governing the Listing
of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant requirements; and in order to strengthen the




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
management of the Shares of the Company held by Directors, Supervisors and senior management of
the Company and the changes therein, the Company amended and improved the Administrative System
regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in accordance




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
with the Management Rules for Company’s Shares Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
of Listed Companies and Movements of Their Shares (《上市公司董事、監事和高級管理人員所持本公司股份及
其變動管理規則》) and the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other
relevant requirements. All amendments to such systems were considered and approved by the Board of
the Company. In addition, during the Reporting Period, as considered and approved by the Board and the
Supervisory Committee of the Company, and at the general meeting of the Company and according to the
election by the congress of workers and staff of the Company, the Company formed the sixth session of the
Board and the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee. Through the establishment and improvement as
well as the full implementation of the above systems, the Company’s governance structure and level have
been continuously standardized and improved.

The convening, holding and voting procedures of the general meeting, the Board and the Supervisory




                                                                                                              115
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Committee of the Company were standard, legal and valid, and the Company disclosed truthful and
          accurate information in a complete, timely and fair manner. The Company carried out investor relationship
          management in a standard and professional manner, and carried out inside information management
          and registration of insiders in strict compliance with the requirements of the System regarding Insider
          Registration and Management and Confidentiality of the Company and other relevant rules. The Company
          adhered to the principle of scientificity, standardization and transparency when practicing corporate
          governance. During the Reporting Period, the Company was rated as the highest level A in the 2021-2022
          information disclosure evaluation of listed companies organized by the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and won
          the Best Practice Award in the 2022 Best Practice for Board Office of Public Companies organized by China
          Association for Public Companies. At the same time, the secretary of the Board of the Company was rated
          as 5A in the 2022 Performance Evaluation of the Secretary of the Board of Directors of Listed Companies
          organized by China Association for Public Companies. In addition, in 2022, the Company maintained its
          annual MSCI ESG rating of A for two consecutive years, currently the highest rating for a domestic securities
          company.

          1. Shareholders and the General Meeting

          The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
          shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
          holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
          Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
          in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely. The largest
          shareholder and the de facto controller of the Company exercised their rights in accordance with the laws,
          regulations and the Articles of Association, and neither directly or indirectly intervened in the decisions and
          operations of the Company beyond the general meeting nor appropriated any fund of the Company or
          requested the Company to provide any external guarantee. The Company was completely independent
          from its largest shareholder and de facto controller in terms of staff, assets, finance, organization and
          business.

          2. Directors and the Board

          The election and change of Directors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The number
          and composition of the Board conformed to the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The
          Board has continuously improved its rules of procedures. All the Board meetings were duly convened and
          held, and all voting procedures at the meetings were legal and valid. The Company has established the
          Working System for Independent Directors, and all the independent Directors have independently and
          objectively worked to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders,
          and played a role of check and balance in the decision-making process of the Board. The Board has the
          following mechanism in place to ensure independent views and input from Directors are conveyed to the
          Board. Meanwhile, the Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of this mechanism every year:
          The Board of the Company comprises 13 Directors, of whom 5 are independent non-executive Directors,
          representing more than 1/3 of the Board. The independent Directors of the Company are required to
          issue independent opinions on significant matters of the Company and report to the Board for disclosure
          concurrently with relevant announcements of the Company. Each year, all independent Directors of the
          Company submit an annual performance report to the Board and the shareholders’ general meeting
          for consideration, and disclose relevant information on their positions in other listed companies or
          organizations in the annual report. The Company has established Special Committees under the Board that
          are responsible to the Board and submit the voting results of the meetings to the Board, among which the
          majority members of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee are independent Directors who
          host the posts of chairman. All members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee are independent
          Directors. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the structure, size and composition of the
          Board each year, reviewing and making recommendations on the qualifications of Directors and senior
          management and reviewing the independence of independent non-executive Directors and other matters.

          The Company ensures that independent Directors have the right to information equivalent to that of




116
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
other Directors and are provided with the necessary working conditions to perform their duties, and for
matters that need to be decided by the Board, the Company shall notify independent Directors in advance
pursuant to statutory limit of time and provide true, accurate and sufficient information at the same time.
If independent Directors consider that the information is insufficient, they may request the Company to
supplement.

All Directors of the Company are able to perform their duties with due diligence in accordance with the
relevant regulations to safeguard the interests of the Company and all shareholders.

There is no financial, business, family or other significant/related relationship between the Directors,
Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

The Company believes that the increasing diversity of the Board is one of the key factors that help support               About Us
its strategic objectives and maintain sustainable development. Therefore, the Company has, when
determining the composition of the Board, adopted the following measures to maintain or enhance its
balance and diversity:

(1) consider the diversity of Board members in several aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and popularity in service.
The determination of the members should be based on the value of the candidates and the contribution



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
that they could make to the Board. All nominations of the Board should be in the principle of “merit-based”.
When the candidates are selected, the benefits from the diversity of Board members should be taken into
full consideration according to their objective conditions.


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
(2) The Nomination Committee will report annually on the diversified composition of the Board in the annual
report, inspect the implementation of the abovementioned policy on diversification of Board members and
review such policy every year so as to ensure its effectiveness.

In 2022, the Company set up the sixth session of the Board of Directors, with members including strategic
Shareholder representatives introduced through the non-public issuance of A Shares, forming a Board with
diversified composition and complementary advantages.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board of the Company is as follows:

By age group                5 persons                   3 persons                            1 person 1 person
                      Aged 50 and below                aged 51-55                              aged aged
                                                                                              56-60 over 60
By category      3 persons                    5 persons                             5 persons
of Directors Executive Directors        non-executive Directors         independent non-executive Directors

By gender       2 persons                                         11 persons
            Female Directors                                 male directors




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Professional background: Finance, economics, accounting, laws, business administration, economic
management, enterprise management, industrial economics, electronic communication, English, etc.




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
The Board considers that the current composition of the Board is diversified regarding skills, gender,
experience and knowledge and that the nomination policy of the Company ensures that the Board will have
potential alternate candidates to continue the established diversity of the Board.

3. Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

The election and change of the Supervisors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The
number and composition of the Supervisory Committee conformed to the requirements of the relevant
laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee has continuously improved its rules of procedure. All the
meetings of the Supervisory Committee were duly convened and held, and all voting procedures at the
meetings were legal and valid. The Supervisory Committee is responsible to the general meeting. Based on




                                                                                                                 117
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the principle of being responsible to all shareholders, the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the
          legality and compliance of the Company’s finance and the performance of duties by the Board and the
          management of the Company. All Supervisors diligently performed their duties, attended all meetings of the
          Supervisory Committee and sat in the meetings of the Board as non-voting delegates, made reports to the
          general meeting and submitted its work report.

          4. Senior Management of the Company

          The election and change of the senior management were in strict compliance with the Articles of
          Association. The procedures for appointment of senior management complied with the Company Law
          and the Articles of Association. The Company has formulated the Terms of Reference of the CEO and
          the Executive Committee and the Terms of Reference of the Secretary to the Board and other rules and
          regulations. The senior management of the Company conducted operations and performed their duties
          legally and diligently in accordance with the laws, regulations and authorizations of the Board, in order to
          maximize shareholders’ benefits and social benefits.

          5. Information Disclosure and Transparency of the Company

          The Company disclosed information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner in strict
          compliance with the requirements of laws, rules and relevant regulations, and ensured that all shareholders
          had an equal access to the relevant information of the Company, thereby ensuring the transparency of
          the Company. The Company strengthened the management of inside information, worked to ensure the
          confidentiality of inside information, and safeguarded the principle of fairness in information disclosure
          in strict compliance with the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
          of the Company. The Board designated the secretary to the Board to be responsible for the Company’s
          information disclosure, and the Office of the Board also assisted the secretary in information disclosure.
          Meanwhile, the Company also arranged dedicated personnel to answer telephone enquiries of investors
          and questions from investors via e-mails and the SSE interactive E-platform, actively interacted with
          institutional investors during their on-site surveys, and set up an investor relations section on the Company’s
          website.

          6. Stakeholders

          The Company gave full respects to the shareholders, customers, staff and other stakeholders and
          protected their legitimate rights and interests from the perspective of system building and in each link of
          business operation, ensured the development of the Company in a sustainable, harmonious, healthy and
          standard way, in order to achieve all-win results for the Company and all stakeholders, thus maximizing the
          Company’s profits and social benefits.

          During the Reporting Period, according to the requirements of the regulatory departments, the Company
          further improved its organizational structure, institutional building and strengthened management of inside
          information, and ensured that the actual status of the corporate governance of the Company complied
          with the requirements of the regulatory documents published by the CSRC regarding the corporate
          governance of listed companies. Meanwhile, the Company strictly complied with all the code provisions
          as set out in the Corporate Governance Code, and met most of the recommended best practices in the
          Corporate Governance Code.

          (II) Formulation and Implementation of Insider Registration and Management
          System

          The Company formulated the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
          in April 2010 in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, regulatory documents
          and the Articles of Association and in light of the actual situation of the Company, which was considered
          and approved at the seventeenth meeting of the first session of the Board, in order to strengthen the
          management of inside information, maintain the confidentiality of inside information, ensure fair information
          disclosure and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors.




118
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
In December 2011, according to the Provisions on the Establishment of an Insider Registration and
Management System by Listed Companies (CSRC Announcement [2011] No. 30) (《關於上市公司建立內幕信
息知情人登記管理制度的規定》( 證監會公告 [2011]30 號 )) by the CSRC, the Circular on Filing Records of Insiders
by Listed Companies (Shang Zheng Gong Han [2011] No. 1501)(《 關 於 做 好 上 市 公 司 內 幕 信 息 知 情 人 檔 案 報 送
工 作 的 通 知 》( 上 證 公 函 [2011]1501 號 )) by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant requirements
issued by regulators, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the
second session of the Board.

In March 2015, in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing of the H Shares


                                                                                                                          About Us
of the Company, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the
third session of the Board.

In March 2019, for consistency with the Articles of Association, the Company made amendments to the
System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, which was considered and
approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board.

In August 2020, according to relevant requirements of the revised Securities Law, the Guidelines on Insiders
Reporting by Listed Companies of the SSE as well as relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents,


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
the Company made amendments to the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
Confidentiality, which was considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board.


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, the Company made more efforts to maintain the confidentiality of inside
information, performed its obligation of insider registration, management and confidentiality diligently, kept
records of the names of insiders who had accessed to the inside information at the stage of negotiation,
planning, demonstration and consultation and contracting as well as in the processes of reporting, delivery,
preparation, auditing, resolution and disclosing before its final disclosure in strict compliance with the
requirements of System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, and kept
records of information relating to insiders and memos of progress of major events, in order to effectively




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
prevent insider dealing and properly carry out information disclosure.

During the Reporting Period, the Company organized internal investigation into the dealing of shares and
derivatives of the Company by insiders, and found that none of the holders of inside information had made
use of inside information in share transactions before any significant-price-sensitive-nature information
disclosure that may affect the share price of the Company, and the Company has not received any
punishment or administrative measure imposed by regulatory departments due to the implementation of
the Insider Registration and Management System or the possible involvement in insider dealing.

(III) Corporate Governance Policies and the Board’s Responsibilities for Corporate
Governance



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
The Company has been in strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and followed all the principles
in the Corporate Governance Code to be its own corporate governance policies. In respect of the corporate
governance function, the terms of reference of the Board shall at least include:



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
(1) to formulate and review the corporate governance policies and practices of the Company;

(2) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and the
senior management;

(3) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with laws and regulatory
requirements;

(4) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
monitor employees and Directors;

(5) to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                                 119
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Securities Transactions by Directors, Supervisors and Employees

          During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong
          Kong Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions of the Company by all Directors and
          Supervisors. According to the domestic regulatory requirements, the Company convened the thirteenth
          meeting of the third session of the Board on November 25, 2014 to consider and approve the Administrative
          System regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
          (the “Administrative System”) in order to regulate the holding and dealing in the shares of the Company
          by Directors, Supervisors and senior management. On March 6, 2015, the Company made amendments
          to the Administrative System in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing
          of H Shares of the Company, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the third
          session of the Board. On October 28, 2022, the Company made amendments to the Administrative System
          in order to strengthen the management of the Shares of the Company held by Directors, Supervisors and
          senior management of the Company and the changes therein, which were considered and approved at
          the twenty-seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. The compulsory provisions
          contained in the Administrative System are stricter than those under the Model Code. Having made all
          enquiries with Directors, Supervisors and senior management, the Company confirmed that all Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management had strictly complied with the relevant requirements under the
          Administrative System and Model Code during the Reporting Period. The Board of the Company will, from
          time to time, carry out inspection on corporate governance and operation of the Company, in order to
          ensure the relevant provisions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules are well observed and to protect the
          interests of the shareholders. Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
          current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” under
          “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Corporate Governance” in this report for details of
          the shareholding of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.




          II. SPECIFIC MEASURES TAKEN BY THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
          AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS OF THE COMPANY TO ENSURE THE
          INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY IN TERMS OF ASSETS, PERSONNEL,
          FINANCE, ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS, AND THE SOLUTIONS, WORK
          PROGRESS AND FOLLOW-UP WORK PLANS THAT INFLUENCE THE
          INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY

          The shareholding structure of the Company is relatively decentralized without controlling shareholders. The
          de facto controller of the Company is Jiangsu SASAC. Since its inception, the Company has been operating
          in strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations including the Company Law and the Securities
          Law as well as the requirements of the Articles of Association. The Company is completely separated from
          its shareholders in respect of business, staff, assets, organization and finance, owns a complete business
          system and is capable of operating independently in the market.

          1. Information about the independence of business

          In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the Company
          conducts business on its own pursuant to the law within the operating scope approved by the CSRC, and
          has obtained various business materials required for securities business operation with an independent
          and complete business system and the ability of self-operation. Its business operation is not controlled or
          affected by its shareholders or related parties. The Company can compete in the market independently.
          Shareholders and related parties of the Company did not breach the Company’s working procedures or
          intervene in the Company’s internal management or the making of its operational decisions.




120
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2. Information about the independence of the staff

The Company set up a dedicated human resources department, and established independent and
complete systems for labor employment, personnel management, salary management and social security.
The Directors, Supervisors, and senior management of the Company were selected and employed in
compliance with relevant requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Measures for the
Supervision and Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners of
Securities Fund Operating Institutions and the Articles of Association. The current Directors, Supervisors and
senior management of the Company meet the corresponding qualifications. The senior management of the
Company held no positions in its largest shareholder and de facto controller and other enterprises under its

                                                                                                                           About Us
control. The Company adopts an appointment system for the senior management, a labor contract system
for all staff, and enters into Labor Contract with all the staff in accordance with the law. The Company
owns independent rights for labor employment and its staff are independent from the shareholders and
enterprises under their control without any interference from the shareholders.

3. Information about the integrity of the assets

The Company owns main business qualifications, land, real estate, vehicles and other operating equipment
required for business operation. The above assets are subject to no mortgage, pledge or other guarantees,


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
and the Company is the legal owner of these assets. The assets of the Company are independent from its
largest shareholder and other shareholders. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided
no guarantees for the debts of any of its shareholders and their subsidiaries by using its assets or reputation

                                                                                                                         and Strategies
as the collateral. The Company had full control and use right over its assets, and there had been no
circumstance under which the interests of the Company were damaged due to the largest shareholder’s
occupation of any of its assets and funds.

4. Information about organizational independence

In strict compliance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the
Company has set up a sound corporate governance structure, under which the general meeting, the Board




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, the senior management and relevant operating management
departments have been formed. The general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee
and the senior management are in good operation and exercise their respective functions and powers
pursuant to the law. The Company owns an independent and complete system for securities business
operation and management, and conducts business on its own. The organizations are set up and run in
compliance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC. The existing offices and premises of the Company
are totally separate from its shareholders without the circumstances of sharing organizations with them or
their direct intervention in the Company’s business activities.

5. Information about financial independence




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
As required by the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the Financial Systems of Securities
Firms, the Company has established an independent financial accounting and management system, set
up an independent accounting department, and employed independent financial accountants. The chief




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
financial officer and financial personnel of the Company held no positions in its shareholders. The Company
has opened an independent bank account, applied for an independent tax registration and paid taxes in
accordance with laws and regulations. The Company shared no accounts and taxes with its shareholders
and related parties.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided no guarantees for its shareholders and other
related parties. During the Reporting Period, the Company experienced no peer competition and related-
party transactions resulted from shareholding reform, features of the industry and national policies or
mergers and acquisitions.

CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS, DE FACTO CONTROLLERS AND OTHER UNITS UNDER THEIR CONTROL
ENGAGED IN SAME OR SIMILAR BUSINESSES AS THE COMPANY AND IMPACTS OF HORIZONTAL




                                                                                                                  121
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          COMPETITIONS OR SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN HORIZONTAL COMPETITIONS ON THE COMPANY,
          SOLUTIONS ADOPTED, SOLVING PROGRESS AND SUBSEQUENT SOLUTIONS

          In July 2010 and with the approval of the People’s Government of Jiangsu Province, Jiangsu SASAC decided
          to transfer the state-owned equities in Jiangsu Sainty International Group Limited to Guoxin Group, the
          largest shareholder of the Company. Guoxin Group directly and indirectly held 78.5% equities of Jintai
          Futures Co., Ltd., and became the controlling shareholder of Jintai Futures Co., Ltd. Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.
          is principally engaged in commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment
          consultancy and asset management, which has horizontal competition with Huatai Futures, a subsidiary by
          the Company.

          To avoid the abovementioned horizontal competition, on June 10, 2014, the Company organized the
          convening of the sixth meeting of the third session of the Board and the fourth meeting of the third session
          of the Supervisory Committee, which considered and approved the Resolution on Avoiding Horizontal
          Competition in Futures Businesses Between Jiangsu Guoxin and Huatai Securities and submitted to the
          2014 second extraordinary general meeting convened on June 26, 2014 for consideration and approval.
          Meanwhile, the independent Directors of the Company expressed independent opinions on the resolution.
          They believed that such horizontal competition has no significant effect on the operation and development
          of Huatai Securities and the interests of minority shareholders and the resolution is in line with relevant
          regulations of the CSRC and beneficial to the legitimate interests of investors, small and medium investors
          in particular, and meets the requirements of Huatai Securities on maximizing shareholders’ interests.

          On June 27, 2014, Guoxin Group re-signed the Letter of Undertaking on Waiving Horizontal Competition
          and Conflict of Interests based on relevant regulations and the requirements of the resolutions at the 2014
          second extraordinary general meeting of the Company. For the details of the announcement on the change
          of such undertaking, please refer to the announcement (Lin No. 2014-047) on the performance and change
          of undertaking by the Company’s shareholder dated June 28, 2014.



          III. BRIEF INTRODUCTIONS TO THE GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                                                                                                      Date of
                                                                                                                                      disclosure
                                                                                                                                      of the
                                                                                                           Enquiry index of the       publication
                                                                                                           websites designated        of the
                        Convening                                                                          for publication of the     resolutions
          Meeting       date        Resolutions                                                            resolutions                Status        Status

                                    1. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Articles of
                                    Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                    2. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of
                                    Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                                    3. To consider the 2021 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                    4. To consider the 2021 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee
                                    of the Company;
                                    5. To consider the 2021 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                    6. To consider the Resolution on the 2021 Annual Report of the
                                    Company;
                                    7. To consider and approve the 2021 Profit Distribution Plan of the
                                    Company;
                                    8. To consider the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary
                                    Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2022;
                                                                                                           http://www.sse.                          All
                                    9. To consider the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount
                                                                                                           com.cn http://www.                       resolutions
          2021 Annual               for the Proprietary Business of the Company for 2022;
                        June 22,                                                                           hkexnews.hk http://www.                  were
          General                   10. To consider the Resolution on the Change of the Accounting                                    June 23, 2022
                        2022                                                                               londonstockexchange.                     considered
          Meeting                   Firm of the Company for 2022;
                                                                                                           com http://www.htsc.com.                 and
                                    11. To consider the Resolution on the Election of an Independent
                                                                                                           cn                                       approved
                                    Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the
                                    Company;
                                    12. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties of the
                                    Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company for 2021;
                                    13. To consider the Resolution on the Election of a Non-executive
                                    Director and an Executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board
                                    of the Company;
                                    14. Debriefing of the Report on Performance Assessment and
                                    Remuneration of the Directors of the Company for 2021;
                                    15. Debriefing of the Report on Performance Assessment and
                                    Remuneration of the Supervisors of the Company for 2021;
                                    16. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Duties, Performance
                                    Assessment and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the
                                    Company for 2021.




122
                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                              Date of
                                                                                                                              disclosure
                                                                                                                              of the
                                                                                                   Enquiry index of the       publication
                                                                                                   websites designated        of the
                Convening                                                                          for publication of the     resolutions
Meeting         date        Resolutions                                                            resolutions                Status        Status

                                                                                                   http://www.sse.                          The
                                                                                                   com.cn http://www.                       resolution
2022 First
                June 22,    To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of           hkexnews.hk http://www.                  was
A Share Class                                                                                                                 June 23, 2022
                2022        Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company.                        londonstockexchange.                     considered
Meeting
                                                                                                   com http://www.htsc.com.                 and
                                                                                                   cn                                       approved




                                                                                                                                                                      About Us
                                                                                                   http://www.sse.                          The
                                                                                                   com.cn http://www.                       resolution
2022 First
                June 22,    To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of           hkexnews.hk http://www.                  was
H Share Class                                                                                                                 June 23, 2022
                2022        Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company.                        londonstockexchange.                     considered
Meeting
                                                                                                   com http://www.htsc.com.                 and
                                                                                                   cn                                       approved


                            1. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Articles of
                            Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                            2. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to Rules of
                            Procedure for General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                            3. To consider the Resolution on the Change of Business Scope
                            and Amendments to the Articles of Association of Huatai




                                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
                            Securities Co., Ltd.;
                            4. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Working
                                                                                                   http://www.sse.
                            System for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                                               All resolutions
2022 First                                                                                         com.cn http://www.
                December    5. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the



                                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                                                                                                                                           were
Extraordinary                                                                                      hkexnews.hk http://www.    December 31,
                30,         Management System for Related-party Transactions of Huatai                                                     considered
General                                                                                            londonstockexchange.       2022
                2022        Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                                                          and
Meeting                                                                                            com http://www.htsc.com.
                            6. To consider the Resolution on the Election of Executive Directors                                           approved
                                                                                                   cn
                            and Non-executive Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board of
                            the Company;
                            7. To consider the Resolution on the Election of Independent
                            Non-executive Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board of the
                            Company;
                            8. To consider the Resolution on the Election of Non-employee
                            Representative Supervisors of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory
                            Committee of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Description of general meetings

The 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company, with on-site & network voting methods adopted, was held at the Conference Room of
Renaissance Nanjing Olympic Centre Hotel (No. 139, Aoti Street, Jianye District, Nanjing). The general meeting was organized by the Board of
Directors and hosted by the Chairman – Mr. Zhang Wei. Certain Directors, Supervisors and the secretary to the Board attended the meeting and
certain senior management of the Company and witnessing lawyers employed by the Company and relevant personnel of Computershare
Hong Kong Investor Services Limited sat in the meeting. The meeting was convened and held, and its voting method was in conformity with
relevant regulations such as the Company Law and the Articles of Association and so on. Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions
of the general meeting can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the
HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk), the website of the London Stock Exchange (http:// www.londonstockexchange.com) and our Company’s website
(http://www.htsc.com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily and Securities Times.
The 2022 First A Share Class Meeting of the Company, with on-site & network voting methods adopted, was held at the Conference Room of




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
Renaissance Nanjing Olympic Centre Hotel (No. 139, Aoti Street, Jianye District, Nanjing). The general meeting was organized by the Board of
Directors and hosted by the Chairman – Mr. Zhang Wei. Certain Directors, Supervisors and the secretary to the Board attended the meeting and
certain senior management of the Company and witnessing lawyers employed by the Company and relevant personnel of Computershare
Hong Kong Investor Services Limited sat in the meeting. The meeting was convened and held, and its voting method was in conformity with
relevant regulations such as the Company Law and the Articles of Association and so on. Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions




                                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
of the general meeting can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the
HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk), the website of the London Stock Exchange (http:// www.londonstockexchange.com) and our Company’s website
(http://www.htsc.com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily and Securities Times.
The 2022 First H Share Class Meeting of the Company, with on-site voting methods adopted, was held at the Conference Room of Renaissance
Nanjing Olympic Centre Hotel (No. 139, Aoti Street, Jianye District, Nanjing). The general meeting was organized by the Board of Directors and
hosted by the Chairman – Mr. Zhang Wei. Certain Directors, Supervisors and the secretary to the Board attended the meeting and certain
senior management of the Company and witnessing lawyers employed by the Company and relevant personnel of Computershare Hong
Kong Investor Services Limited sat in the meeting. The meeting was convened and held, and its voting method was in conformity with relevant
regulations such as the Company Law and the Articles of Association and so on. Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the
general meeting can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://
www.hkexnews.hk), the website of the London Stock Exchange (http://www. londonstockexchange.com) and our Company’s website (http://
www.htsc.com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily and Securities Times.
The 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, with on-site & network voting methods adopted, was held at the Conference
Room of Renaissance Nanjing Olympic Centre Hotel (No. 139, Aoti Street, Jianye District, Nanjing). The general meeting was organized by the
Board of Directors, and Mr. Zhou Yi, a Director, was elected by more than half of the Directors to preside over the general meeting in accordance
with the Articles of Association as Mr. Zhang Wei, the Chairman, was unable to preside in person. Certain Directors, Supervisors and the
secretary to the Board attended the meeting and certain senior management of the Company and witnessing lawyers employed by the




                                                                                                                                                             123
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company and relevant personnel of Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited sat in the meeting. The meeting was convened and
          held, and its voting method was in conformity with relevant regulations such as the Company Law and the Articles of Association and so on.
          Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the general meeting can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
          (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk), the website of the London Stock Exchange (http:// www.
          londonstockexchange.com) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
          Securities Daily and Securities Times.
          None of the shareholders of the Company are holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered. Therefore, none of the extraordinary
          general meetings was convened by holders of preference shares with voting rights restored, nor was any general meeting proposed to be
          convened, convened or chaired by the holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered during the Reporting Period.




          IV. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

          (I) Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                      Currency: RMB Unit: Ten thousand shares

                                                                                                                                           Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                          remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                          received from    received
                                                                                                                                          the Company      remuneration
                                                                                         Number                                              during the    from any
                                                                                        of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                                        Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                Period (RMB    party of the
                                                         Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason Ten Thousand     Company
          Name         Position (note)      Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    or not

          Zhang Wei Chairman                Male   58    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            -             –        145.85 No

                       Executive Director                2007-12-06     2025-12-29

                       Employee
                       representative                    2022-12-30     2025-12-29
                       Director
          Zhou Yi                           Male   53                                         72            72            -             -       367.58 No
                       Chief executive
                       officer, Chairman
                                                         2019-10-29     2025-12-29
                       of the Executive
                       Committee

                       Non-executive
          Ding Feng                         Male   54    2018-10-22     2025-12-29             -             -            -             -             - Yes
                       Director

          Chen      Non-executive
                                            Male   55    2022-06-22 2025-12-29                 -             -            -             -             - Yes
          Zhongyang Director

                       Non-executive
          Ke Xiang                          Male   48    2021-02-08 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –             – Yes
                       Director

                       Non-executive
          Hu Xiao                           Female 43    2018-10-22     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – No
                       Director

          Zhang        Non-executive
                                            Male   51    2022-12-30 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –             – No
          Jinxin       Director

                       Executive
          Yin Lihong                        Female 52    2022-06-22 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –         42.79 No
                       Director

                       Independent
          Wang
                       non-executive        Male   48    2020-06-18 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –        24.00 No
          Jianwen
                       Director

                    Independent
          Wang
                    non-executive           Male   54    2022-06-22 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –         14.00 No
          Quansheng
                    Director

                       Independent
          Peng Bing    non-executive        Male   50    2022-12-30 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –          2.00 No
                       Director

                    Independent
          Wang Bing non-executive           Male   44    2022-12-30 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –          2.00 No
                    Director

                       Independent
          Tse Yung Hoi non-executive        Male   70    2022-12-30 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –          2.00 No
                       Director




124
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                                Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                               remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                               received from    received
                                                                                                                               the Company      remuneration
                                                                              Number                                              during the    from any
                                                                             of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                             Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                Period (RMB    party of the
                                              Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason Ten Thousand     Company
Name        Position (note)      Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    or not

            Employee
                                              2019-04-26 2025-12-29
            representative
Gu         Supervisor            Male   57                                          –             –            –             –       356.20 No
Chengzhong Chairman of


                                                                                                                                                                        About Us
                                              2021-10-29     2025-12-29
            the Supervisory
            Committee

Li Chongqi Supervisor            Female 45    2022-12-30 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –             – Yes

Yu Lanying Supervisor            Female 51    2018-10-22     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes

Zhang
            Supervisor           Female 55    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
Xiaohong

Zhou
            Supervisor           Female 50    2022-12-30 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –             – Yes
Hongrong

          Employee



                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Wang Ying representative         Female 43    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –       247.20 No
          Supervisor

            Employee



                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Wang
            representative       Female 44    2021-10-29     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –        196.40 No
Juan
            Supervisor

            Member of the
            Executive
Han
            Committee,        Male      55    2022-04-08 2025-12-29               60            60             –             –       259.90 No
Zhencong
            Chief information
            officer

           Member of
Sun Hanlin the Executive         Male   57    2019-12-16     2025-12-29           60              –            –       294.48            No
           Committee




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
           Member of
Jiang Jian the Executive         Male   56    2019-12-16     2025-12-29           60              –            –       294.48            No
           Committee

            Member of
            the Executive                     2019-12-16     2025-12-29
            Committee
Zhang Hui                        Male   47                                        60            60             –             –       287.20 No
            Secretary of the
                                              2017-04-26 2025-12-29
            Board

            Member of
Chen
            the Executive        Male   44    2020-02-18 2025-12-29               60            60             –             –       294.48 No
Tianxiang
            Committee

Jiao        Chief financial




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                 Female 52    2020-03-05 2025-12-29               50            50             –             –        324.13 No
Xiaoning    officer

            Chief
            compliance                        2020-02-17 2025-12-29
            officer
Jiao Kai                         Male   48                                        50            50             –             –        319.23 No




                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
            General legal
                                              2019-12-16     2025-12-29
            counsel

Wang
            Chief risk officer   Male   50    2017-03-16     2025-12-29           50            50             –             –        391.82 No
Chong

            Director of
Sun Yan     human                Female 50    2022-12-30 2025-12-29                 8             8            –             –             – No
            resources

            Non-executive
Chen
            Director             Male   48    2018-10-22     2022-06-22             –             –            –             –             – No
Yongbing
            (resigned)

         Non-executive
Wang Tao Director                Male   54    2019-12-16     2022-04-14             –             –            –             –             – Yes
         (resigned)




                                                                                                                                                               125
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                         Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                        remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                        received from    received
                                                                                                                                        the Company      remuneration
                                                                                       Number                                              during the    from any
                                                                                      of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                                      Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                Period (RMB    party of the
                                                       Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason Ten Thousand     Company
          Name          Position (note)   Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    or not

                    Executive Director
          Zhu Xuebo                    Male      60    2018-10-22     2022-06-22             –             –            –             –             – Yes
                    (resigned)

                    Independent
          Chen      non-executive
                                          Male   65    2016-03-18     2022-06-22             –             –            –             –         12.00 No
          Chuanming Director
                    (resigned)

                        Independent
                        non-executive
          Liu Yan                         Female 49    2016-12-21     2022-12-30             –             –            –             –        24.00 No
                        Director
                        (resigned)

                        Independent
                        non-executive
          Chen Zhibin                     Male   57    2018-06-13     2022-12-30             –             –            –             –        24.00 Yes
                        Director
                        (resigned)

                        Independent
                        non-executive
          Au King Chi                     Female 63    2021-06-22 2022-12-30                 –             –            –             –        24.00 No
                        Director
                        (resigned)

                        Supervisor
          Zhang Ming                      Male   48    2019-12-16     2022-12-30             –             –            –             –             - Yes
                        (resigned)

          Fan           Supervisor
                                          Female 46    2019-12-16     2022-12-30             –             –            –             –             - No
          Chunyan       (resigned)

                        Member of
                        the Executive
          Li Shiqian                      Male   54    2020-03-10 2022-12-30               60            60             –             –       294.48 No
                        Committee
                        (resigned)

          Total         /                 /      /     /              /                   590           590              /            /     4,244.22 /



          Notes:
          1. On April 8, 2022, as considered and approved at the twenty-second meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company, Mr. Han
          Zhencong was appointed as a member of the Executive Committee and chief information officer of the Company.
          2. On April 14, 2022, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Mr. Wang Tao, a non-executive Director. Mr. Wang Tao
          has proposed to resign from his positions as a non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company and as a member of
          the Development Strategy Committee of the Board due to work reasons, upon which he no longer holds any position in the Company. There is
          no disagreement between Mr. Wang Tao and the Board of the Company, and there is no matter in relation to his resignation that needs to be
          brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. Mr. Wang Tao has also confirmed that he is not a party involved in any on-going
          or pending litigation or dispute against the Company.
          3. On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on the Election of an Independent Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company
          and the Resolution on the Election of a Non-executive Director and an Executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company were
          considered and approved at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Chen Zhongyang
          and Ms. Yin Lihong were elected as an independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company, a non-executive
          Director of the fifth session of the Board and an executive Director of the fifth session of the Board, respectively. Mr. Wang Quansheng has
          replaced Mr. Chen Chuanming to perform his duties as an independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company;
          Mr. Chen Zhongyang has replaced Mr. Chen Yongbing to perform his duties as a non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the
          Company; and Ms. Yin Lihong has replaced Mr. Zhu Xuebo to perform her duties as an executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the
          Company from June 22, 2022; all for a term of office until the end of the fifth session of the Board.
          4. On December 28, 2022, as considered and approved at the employee representatives’ meeting of the Company, Mr. Zhou Yi was elected as an
          employee representative Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, and Mr. Gu Chengzhong, Ms. Wang Ying and Ms. Wang Juan
          were elected as employee representative Supervisors of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. The terms of office of
          the above-mentioned persons shall be effective from the date on which the Resolution on the Election of Executive Directors and Non-executive
          Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company, the Resolution on the Election of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Sixth
          Session of the Board of the Company and the Resolution on the Election of Non-employee Representative Supervisors of the Sixth Session of the
          Supervisory Committee of the Company were considered and approved at the 2022 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company until
          the end of the sixth session of the Board and the Supervisory Committee.
          5. On December 30, 2022, the Resolution on the Election of Executive Directors and Non-executive Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board of
          the Company, the Resolution on the Election of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company and the
          Resolution on the Election of Non-employee Representative Supervisors of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company were
          considered and approved at the 2022 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Ding Feng, Mr.
          Chen Zhongyang, Mr. Ke Xiang, Ms. Hu Xiao, Mr. Zhang Jinxin, Ms. Yin Lihong, Mr. Wang Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang




126
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Bing and Mr. Tse Yung Hoi were elected as Directors of the sixth session of the Board of the Company; and Ms. Li Chongqi, Ms. Yu Lanying, Ms.
Zhang Xiaohong and Ms. Zhou Hongrong were elected as non-employee representative Supervisors of the Company, respectively. The above-
mentioned persons shall perform the duties of Directors of the sixth session of the Board of the Company and the duties of Supervisors of the
sixth session of the Supervisory Committee from December 30, 2022, and shall hold office until the end of the sixth session of the Board and
the Supervisory Committee. On the same day, as considered and approved at the first meeting of the sixth session of Board of the Company,
Mr. Zhang Wei was elected as the chairman of the sixth session of the Board of the Company; it was agreed to appoint Mr. Zhou Yi as the chief
executive officer and the chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company; it was agreed to appoint Mr. Han Zhencong, Mr. Sun Hanlin,
Mr. Jiang Jian, Mr. Zhang Hui and Mr. Chen Tianxiang as members of the Company’s Executive Committee; it was agreed to appoint Mr. Han
Zhencong as chief information officer (concurrent) of the Company; it was agreed to appoint Ms. Jiao Xiaoning as chief financial officer of
the Company; it was agreed to appoint Mr. Jiao Kai as chief compliance officer and general legal counsel of the Company; it was agreed to
appoint Mr. Wang Chong as chief risk officer of the Company; it was agreed to appoint Ms. Sun Yan as director of human resources of the
Company; and it was agreed to appoint Mr. Zhang Hui as secretary to the Board of the Company (concurrent).The terms of office of the above-
mentioned persons are three years commencing from the date of consideration and approval by the sixth session of the Board (i.e. December


                                                                                                                                                           About Us
30, 2022). On the same day, as considered and approved at the first meeting of the sixth session of Supervisory Committee of the Company, Mr.
Gu Chengzhong was elected as the chairman of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, with a term of office of three
years from the date of consideration and approval by the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee (i.e. December 30, 2022).
6. Total pre-tax remuneration received by Directors, Supervisors and senior management from the Company during the Reporting Period was
implemented in accordance with relevant policies of governing authorities and the Company’s relevant remuneration assessment and deferred
compensation system.
7. The remuneration of the Directors that are the persons in charge of provincial financial enterprises shall be implemented in accordance with
the Interim Measures for the Administration of Remuneration of Persons in Charge of Provincial Financial Enterprises in Jiangsu Province (《江蘇省
省管金融企業負責人薪酬管理暫行辦法》).
8. The pre-tax remuneration received from the Company during the Reporting Period represents the remuneration received during the period
of holding the position of Directors, Supervisors and senior management, excluding pension insurance, enterprise annuity and restricted equity




                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
incentive.
9. Mr. Zhu Xuebo, a former executive director of the Company, received remuneration from China Southern Asset Management.




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Name               Primary work experience
                   Master of business administration, senior engineer and senior economist. He once worked in
                   Jiangsu Electronic Industry Research Institute ( 江蘇省電子工業綜合研究所 ). He also served as
                   cadre at department level of Jiangsu Electronic Industry Bureau and the deputy director of
                   Asset Management Division. He worked as secretary to the board of directors and assistant
                   general manager, deputy general manager, general manager and deputy secretary of the
                   party committee of Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇宏圖高科技股份有限公司 ). He also
Zhang Wei




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                   served as director, general manager, deputy secretary of the party committee, secretary of
                   the party committee and chairman of the board of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科
                   技投資集團有限公司 ). Mr. Zhang served as secretary of the party committee of the Company
                   from March 2019 to December 2019 and has been chairman of the Board of Directors and
                   secretary of the party committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office
                   in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                  127
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name        Primary work experience
                      Bachelor of computer communications. Mr. Zhou once taught at Jiangsu Posts &
                      Telecommunications School ( 江蘇省郵電學校 ); engaged in technology management at the
                      Telecommunications Center of Jiangsu Posts & Telecommunications Bureau ( 江蘇省郵電管
                      理局電信中心 ) and administrative management at Jiangsu Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.
                      ( 江蘇移動通信有限公司 ); served as the chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Bei’ er
                      Communication System Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇貝爾通信系統有限公司 ) and Nanjing Xinwang Telecom
                      Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技股份有限公司 ), deputy general manager of Shanghai Fortune
                      Communications Company ( 上海富欣通信公司 ), director and deputy secretary of the party
                      committee of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华泰证券有限责任公司 ) from August
                      2006 to February 2007 and director, president and deputy secretary of the party committee
                      of the same company from February 2007 to December 2007. Mr. Zhou served as Director,
          Zhou Yi
                      President and deputy secretary of the party committee of the Company from December
                      2007 to October 2011; Director, President and secretary of the party committee of the
                      Company from November 2011 to June 2016; chairman of the Board of Directors, President,
                      and secretary of the party committee of the Company from June 2016 to March 2019;
                      chairman of the Board of Directors, President and party committee member of the Company
                      from March 2019 to October 2019; chairman of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer,
                      chairman of the Executive Committee and party committee member of the Company from
                      October 2019 to December 2019, and has been Director, chief executive officer, chairman of
                      the Executive Committee and party committee member of the Company since December
                      2019 with a term of office in current session of the Board and senior management from
                      December 2022 to December 2025.
                      Master of business administration and senior accountant. He served as accountant of the
                      finance department of China Songhai Industrial Corporation ( 中國嵩海實業總公司 ) in Xiamen
                      Special Economic Zone from August 1990 to November 1992; chief accountant of the finance
                      department of China North Industries Corporation Xiamen Branch ( 中 國 北 方 工 業 廈 門 公 司 )
                      from December 1992 to September 1995; deputy section chief of the finance department
                      of Jiangsu International Trust and Investment Company ( 江 蘇 省 國 際 信 託 投 資 公 司 ) from
                      October 1995 to August 2002; project manager of the finance department of Guoxin Group
                      from August 2002 to September 2004; head of the finance department (manager assistant)
          Ding Feng   and deputy general manager of Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited ( 江 蘇 省 國
                      際信託有限責任公司 ) from September 2004 to December 2009; deputy general manager of
                      the finance department of Guoxin Group from December 2009 to December 2010; (standing)
                      vice president of Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. ( 國信集團財務有限公司 ) from December
                      2010 to December 2011; president and deputy secretary of the Party Committee of Jiangsu
                      Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. from January 2012 to March 2018; and has served as the
                      general manager of finance department of Guoxin Group since March 2018. He has been a
                      Director of the Company since October 2018 with a term of office in current session of the
                      Board from December 2022 to December 2025.




128
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Name        Primary work experience
            Master’s degree in highway, urban road and airport engineering and is a senior engineer of
            the researcher rank. He served as a staff member and the Deputy Section Chief (presiding
            over the work) of the Planning Division of the Jiangsu Expressway Command Office from
            June 1992 to November 2000; and the deputy manager (presiding over the work) of the
            Operation and Development Department of Jiangsu Jinghu Expressway Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇京滬高速公
            路有限公司 ) from November 2000 to August 2001; an employee (senior engineer), the Deputy
            Director and Director of the Road Assets and Interests Section of Jiangsu Communications
            Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通產業集團有限公司 ) from August 2001 to October 2004; the
            Deputy Director of the Operation Safety Department, Deputy Director of the Engineering
            Technology Department, Deputy Director of the Engineering Technology Department, Deputy                   About Us
Chen        Director of the Expansion Project Office, Director of the Expansion Project Office, Deputy
Zhongyang   Director of the Engineering Technology Department, and Director of Corporate Management
            and Legal Affairs Department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. (江蘇交通控股有限公司)
            from October 2004 to November 2017; the Chairman, Party Secretary and General Manager,
            and Chairman and Party Secretary of Jiangsu Jinghu Expressway Co., Ltd. from November
            2017 to April 2019; the Party Secretary and Director of Jiangsu Expressway Operation and
            Management Center ( 江蘇省高速公路經營管理中心 ) and the assistant to the General Manager


                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
            of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from April 2019 to July 2020. He has served
            as the Deputy General Manager, member of the Party Committee and general counsel of


                                                                                                                    and Strategies
            Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. since July 2020. He has served as a Director of
            the Company since June 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Board from
            December 2022 to December 2025.
            Doctoral degree in corporate management and senior engineer. From August 1996 to
            October 2002, he successively served as staff member of the infrastructure investment
            division, staff member and deputy senior staff member of the agriculture division of Jiangsu
            Provincial Department of Finance. From October 2002 to August 2020, he worked at Jiangsu
            Communications Holding Co., Ltd. and successively served as assistant to the director of the




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
            office, deputy director of the office, deputy director of the operation and safety department,
            deputy director of the Toll Management Center of Expressway Network of Jiangsu
            Province, director of the Information Center and deputy director of the office, director of
Ke Xiang
            the development strategy and policy regulation research office, deputy director of the
            investment and development department, director of the strategic research office, deputy
            director of the corporate management and legal affairs department, and director of the
            strategic planning department. Since August 2020, he has been deputy general manager
            and member of the party committee of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. Since November 2020,
            he has been deputy general manager, member of the party committee and general counsel
            of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. He has been a Director of the Company since February 2021




                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
            with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
            Master of business administration. Ms. Hu served as accountant of KPMG Huazhen LLP from
            September 2002 to July 2003; assistant analyst of the stock research department of China
            International Capital Corporation Limited from July 2003 to July 2006; manager and vice



                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
            president of Citigroup Global Markets Asia Limited from July 2008 to July 2012; vice president
Hu Xiao     and then director of Merrill Lynch (Asia Pacific) Limited from July 2012 to March 2017; and
            has successively served as director of the strategic investment department and managing
            director of Alibaba Group Holding Limited since March 2017. She has been Director of the
            Company since October 2018 with a term of office in current session of the Board from
            December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                             129
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name           Primary work experience
                         Doctoral degree in industrial economics. From July 1994 to September 1997, he served as
                         intern researcher in the Institute of Occupational Medicine of the General Research Institute
                         of Coal Science ( 煤 炭 科 學 研 究 總 院 職 業 醫 學 研 究 所 ); from March 2000 to September 2001, he
                         served as analyst in the development strategy department of Lenovo Group Limited;
                         from July 2005 to September 2017, he served as the lecturer and associate professor of
          Zhang Jinxin   accounting and deputy head of the accounting department at the School of Economics and
                         Management of Beijing Jiaotong University; from September 2017 to present, he has served
                         as the deputy general manager of the research and planning department of Chengtong
                         Fund Management Company Limited ( 誠通基金管理有限公司 ) (presiding over the work). He has
                         served as a Director of the Company since December 2022 with a term of office in current
                         session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
                         Bachelor of national economic management. She worked at Bank of China Nanjing Branch
                         and Bank of China Jiangsu Branch from August 1991 to August 2007; worked at Bank of
                         Jiangsu and successively served as the assistant to the General Manager of Planning and
                         Finance Department, the Deputy General Manager of Human Resources Department, and the
                         General Manager of Human Resources Department and Head of Organization Department
          Yin Lihong
                         of Party Committee from September 2007 to June 2021; and joined Huatai Securities in June
                         2021 and served as Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of the Company from June
                         2021 to June 2022. She has been a Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee and a Director
                         of the Company since June 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Board from
                         December 2022 to December 2025.
                         Doctoral degree in civil and commercial law. From August 1998 to May 2006, he taught
                         at Nanjing Tech Law School. From May 2006 to May 2016, he taught at Hohai University
                         School of Law. From May 2016 to April 2021, he has been a professor, doctor-postgraduate
                         supervisor and dean at the College of Humanities and Social Sciences of Nanjing University
                         of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and has been a professor and doctor-postgraduate
                         supervisor at the Law School of Nanjing University since May 2021. At present, he concurrently
          Wang           serves as member of the legal expert pool of Jiangsu Provincial Party Committee, decision-
          Jianwen        making advisory expert of the Standing Committee of Jiangsu Provincial People’s Congress,
                         legal advisor of Jiangsu Political Consultative Conference, non-permanent member of
                         the selection committee of judges and prosecutors of Jiangsu Province, specially invited
                         advisory expert of Nanjing Intermediate People’s Court, legal advisor of Nanjing Qinhuai
                         District Party Committee and other positions. He has been independent Director of the
                         Company since June 2020 with a term of office in current session of the Board from
                         December 2022 to December 2025.
                         Doctoral degree in business management. He served as a teaching assistant in the
                         Information Center of the Business School of Nanjing University from September 1993 to
                         August 1995; a lecturer in the Information Center of the Business School of Nanjing University
                         from September 1995 to March 2001; an associate professor and the Deputy Dean of the
                         Department of E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing University from April 2001 to
                         September 2008; an associate professor and the Dean of the Department of E-commerce
                         of the Business School of Nanjing University from September 2008 to December 2010; a
          Wang
                         professor and the Dean of the Department of E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing
          Quansheng
                         University from January 2011 to July 2013; a professor and the Dean of the Department of
                         Marketing and E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing University from July 2013
                         to September 2016; and a professor and the Deputy Dean of the Management School of
                         Nanjing University from September 2016 to November 2020. He has been a professor and
                         the Deputy Dean of the Business School of Nanjing University since November 2020. He has
                         served as independent Director of the Company since June 2022 with a term of office in
                         current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.




130
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Name          Primary work experience
              Doctoral degree in international law. From July 1993 to August 1994, he served as employee
              of Chuzhou Sub-branch, Anhui Branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China;
              from April 2000 to July 2005, he served as lecturer at the Law School of Peking University;
              from July 2005 to July 2017, he served as associate professor at the Law School of Peking
              University; from July 2017 to present, he has served as professor at the Law School of Peking
Peng Bing     University. At present, Mr. Peng Bing concurrently serves as arbitrator of Shenzhen Court of
              International Arbitration, arbitrator of Beijing Arbitration Commission, mediator of Shenzhen
              Securities and Futures Dispute Resolution Centre, and vice president and secretary general
              of China Business Law Society. He has served as independent Director of the Company since
              December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to                About Us
              December 2025.
              Doctoral degree in accounting. From July 2007 to December 2011, he served as lecturer in
              the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University; since December 2011, he served as
              associate professor in the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University; from December
              2016 to present, he served as associate professor and secretary of the party branch of the
Wang Bing     Department of Accounting of Nanjing University; from January 2022 to present, he has served
              as associate professor, deputy head of the Department and secretary of the party branch of


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
              the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University. He has served as independent Director
              of the Company since December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Board


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
              from December 2022 to December 2025.
             Bachelor’s degree in English. From September 1975 to December 1979, he worked in the
             Foreign Affairs Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences; from December 1979 to
             October 1981, he worked in the Funds Department of the Head Office of the Bank of China;
             from October 1981 to July 1986, he served as deputy manager of the Foreign Exchange
             Department of the London Branch of the Bank of China; from July 1986 to October 1989, he
             served as deputy head of the Funds Department of the Head Office of the Bank of China;
             from October 1989 to December 1992, he served as head of the Funds Department of the




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
             Tokyo Branch of the Bank of China; from January 1993 to January 1996, he served as deputy
Tse Yung Hoi general manager of H.K. Yongxin Industrial Limited; from January 1996 to July 1998, he served
             as standing deputy general manager of Hong Kong Shun Loong Group; from July 1998 to
             December 2002, he served as deputy general manager of the Investment Management
             Department and deputy general manager of the Global Markets Department of the Head
             Office of the Bank of China; from December 2002 to December 2012, he served as deputy
             executive president of BOC International Holdings Limited; from January 2003 to present, he
             has served as chairman of BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Limited. He has served as
             independent Director of the Company since December 2022 with a term of office in current
             session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
           Master’s degree in coastal engineering. From July 1990 to May 1998, he worked in Nanjing
           Public Security Bureau. From May 1998 to November 2005, he worked in the technical
           supervision office, head office of brokerage management, and Nanjing Hanzhong Road
           securities business office of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华泰证券有限责任公



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
           司 ). From November 2005 to January 2019, he served as a deputy general manager (in
           charge of work) and general manager of Xi’an North Wenyi Road securities business office,
Gu
           general manager of Xi’an regional center securities business office, general manager of
Chengzhong
           Nanjing Ruijin Road securities business office, and general manager of Nanjing branch of
           Huatai Securities. He has been the general manager of the compliance and legal affairs
           department of the Company since January 2019 and an Employee Representative Supervisor
           of the Company since April 2019. He has been the chairman of Supervisory Committee of
           the Company since October 2021 with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory
           Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                              131
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name         Primary work experience
                       Bachelor’s degree in business administration, and is a senior economist and senior
                       accountant. From August 1998 to August 2009, she served as accountant of the finance
                       department, director of the finance department, deputy general manager and director of
                       the finance department of Tongda General Company of Jiangsu Huaiyin Power Generation
                       Company; from August 2009 to March 2018, she served as deputy director of the finance
                       department (chief rank), director of the finance department, deputy chief accountant and
                       director of the finance department, member of the party committee and deputy general
          Li Chongqi
                       manager of Jiangsu Huaiyin Power Generation Company; from March 2018 to June 2022,
                       she served as deputy general manager of the human resources department and deputy
                       general manager (departmental chief level) of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group; from June
                       2022 to present, she has served as general manager of the finance department of Jiangsu
                       Guoxin Investment Group. She has served as Supervisor of the Company since December
                       2022 with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December
                       2022 to December 2025.
                       Master’s degree in industrial economics, a principal senior accountant and certified public
                       accountant. She served at the finance department of Nanjing Runtai Industrial Trading
                       Company ( 南 京 潤 泰 實 業 貿 易 公 司 ) from August 1993 to August 1996. She pursued master’s
                       studies of industrial economics in Nanjing University of Science and Technology ( 南京理工大學 )
                       from September 1996 to April 1999, served at the finance and audit department of Jiangsu
                       United Trust and Investment Company ( 江蘇聯合信託投資公司 ) from May 1999 to December
                       2002. She worked at the finance and audit division of Jiangsu Communications Industry
                       Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通產業集團有限公司 ) from January 2003 to September 2004, the finance
                       and audit department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 )
                       from October 2004 to May 2008. She successively served as the deputy manager (in charge
                       of work), manager of the finance and accounting division, deputy chief financial officer
                       (departmental level), chief financial officer and member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu
          Yu Lanying
                       Expressway Company Limited ( 江蘇寧滬高速公路股份有限公司 ) from June 2008 to November
                       2016. She served as the deputy general manager, chief financial officer and member of the
                       Party Committee of Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited from November 2016 to March
                       2018, head of the audit and risk control department of Jiangsu Communications Holding
                       Co., Ltd. from March 2018 to August 2018 and has served as head of the audit and risk
                       control department and supervisor of audit center of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co.,
                       Ltd. from August 2018 to November 2019, head of the financial management department
                       of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. since November 2019 to June 2022, and
                       assistant to the general manager and head of the financial management department of
                       Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. since June 2022. She has served concurrently as
                       Supervisor of the Company since October 2018, with a term of office in current session of the
                       Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.
                       Master’s degree in business administration and is an international business operator. Ms.
                       Zhang served as the export sales business manager of Nanjing Native Produce and Animal
                       Byproducts Import and Export Co., Ltd. ( 南京市土產畜產進出口股份有限公司 ) from August 1989
                       to April 1997; business manager of Jiangsu Xinsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇鑫蘇
                       投資管理有限公司 ) from April 1997 to November 2000; manager of Jiangsu Venture Capital Co.,
          Zhang        Ltd. ( 江蘇省創業投資有限公司 ) from November 2000 to May 2005; senior investment manager,
          Xiaohong     deputy general manager of the asset management department and general manager of
                       the investment operations department of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團
                       有限公司 ) from May 2005 to July 2020; and vice general manager of Govtor Capital Group
                       Co., Ltd. since July 2020. She has served as a Supervisor of the Company since December
                       2019, with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December
                       2022 to December 2025.




132
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Name        Primary work experience
            College degree in financial accounting and international trade and is a principal senior
            accountant. From August 1993 to May 2003, she served as clerk of the garment finance
            division and deputy section chief of the garment finance and accounting division of the
            asset finance department of Jiangsu Silk Import & Export Group Co. Ltd.; from May 2003 to
            January 2010, she served as deputy section chief of the garment finance and accounting
            division, deputy section chief of the second accounting division, deputy section chief of
            the light textile finance and accounting division, and head of the light textile finance and
Zhou        accounting division of the finance department of Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.;
Hongrong    from January 2010 to March 2012, she served as assistant to the general manager of the
            asset and finance department of Jiangsu Silk Group Corporation; from March 2012 to                          About Us
            December 2020, she served as deputy general manager of asset and finance department
            and general manager of asset and finance department of Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group
            Co., Ltd.; from December 2020 to present, she has served as vice president and member of
            the party committee of Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. She has served as Supervisor
            of the Company since December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the
            Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.
            Master’s degree in public administration. She worked in the organization department of the


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
            Municipal Committee of Yangzhong and the Municipal Party Committee of Youth League in
            Yangzhong from August 2000 to June 2004. From June 2004 to January 2016, she worked at


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
            the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
            People’s Government, successively serving as the principal staff member of the enterprise
            leadership personnel management division, principal staff member of the administrative
            office, deputy division chief of the public working division, deputy division chief of the Party
Wang Ying
            construction work division and deputy division chief of the enterprise leadership personnel
            management division, etc. She joined Huatai Securities in January 2016 and has been serving
            as the head of the Communist Party union working department of Huatai Securities since
            April 2016. She has been an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
            December 2019, chairman of labor union of the Company since December 2021, with a term
            of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December
            2025.
            Master of scientific socialist legal system construction. From August 1997 to November
            2015, she worked in the Publicity Department of the CPC Jiangsu Provincial Committee;
            from November 2015 to November 2016, she served as a deputy director of the General
            Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group Co.,
            Ltd.; from November 2016 to January 2019, she served as a deputy director of the General
            Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group Co., Ltd.
            (presiding over the work since July 2017), as well as an executive director and the General




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
            Manager of Jiangsu Zijin Cultural and Creative Park Operation and Management Company
Wang Juan
            Limited; from January 2019 to October 2019, she served as a deputy director (presiding
            over the work) of the General Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment &
            Management Group Co., Ltd.; from October 2019 to July 2020, she served as the director of



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
            the Party-Masses Work Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group
            Co., Ltd.; since July 2020, she has been the Deputy Director of the Office of the Company;
            since October 2021, she has been the employee representative Supervisor of the Company,
            with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to
            December 2025.




                                                                                                               133
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name         Primary work experience
                       Doctor of management science and engineering. He served as a secretary of student affairs
                       office, teacher, deputy secretary of Youth League Committee, director of educational affairs
                       section and director of teaching and research office and vice-principal of Jiangsu Post and
                       Telecommunications School ( 江蘇省郵電學校 ). He also served as deputy director of Jiangsu
                       Telecom Staff Training Center ( 江蘇省電信職工培訓中心 ), manager of enterprise planning
                       department, office director, general manager of Wuxi Branch, deputy general manager,
                       member of the Leading Party Members’ Group of China Telecom Jiangsu Company Limited
          Han          ( 中國電信江蘇公司 ). He was the general manager and secretary of the Leading Party Members’
          Zhencong     Group of China Telecom Heilongjiang Company Limited from September 2009 to February
                       2012. He was the general manager of the government and enterprise customer business
                       division of China Telecom from February 2012 to July 2016, and was the general manager
                       and secretary of the Party Committee of China Telecom Zhejiang Company Limited from
                       July 2016 to December 2019. He joined HTSC in December 2019 and has been a member of
                       the Executive Committee and the chief information officer of the Company since April 2022
                       with a term of office in current session of the senior management from December 2022 to
                       December 2025.
                       Master of business administration, Mr. Sun once worked as a clerk, officer and deputy chief
                       of the cadre section of human resources division of Jiangsu Branch of the PBOC; deputy
                       chief (presiding) and chief of human resources division of Jiangsu Securities Company
                       ( 江蘇省證券公司 ); chief of human resources division, chief of the organization department,
                       general manager of the human resources department, secretary of the discipline inspection
                       commission, chief inspection officer, a member of the Party Committee and vice president
          Sun Hanlin   of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华泰证券有限责任公司 ). He was vice president,
                       secretary of the discipline inspection commission and a member of the Party Committee of
                       the Company from December 2007 to December 2015. He was vice president and a member
                       of the Party Committee of the Company from December 2015 to November 2019. He was
                       vice president of the Company from November 2019 to December 2019, and has been a
                       member of Executive Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office
                       in current session of the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.
                       Master of agricultural economics and management. Mr. Jiang once taught at Nanjing
                       Agricultural University ( 南京農業大學 ). He worked at Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券
                       公司 ) as an employee of the human resources division, chief of the training and education
                       section of the human resources division, deputy general manager of the stock affairs
                       department under the investment banking head office, deputy general manager of No. 1
                       investment banking department, senior manager of No. 1 investment banking department,
                       deputy general manager of the investment banking head office and general manager
                       of the issuance department, general manager of the asset management head office of
                       Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company, general manager of the investment banking
                       business Nanjing head office, director of investment banking business and general manager
          Jiang Jian
                       of Nanjing head office, assistant to the president and general manager of Shanghai
                       head office, assistant to the president, secretary to the Board of Directors, assistant to the
                       president and general manager of institutional customer service department, vice president
                       and secretary to the Board of Directors, and a member of the Party Committee. He was
                       vice president, secretary to the Board of Directors and a member of the Party Committee
                       of the Company from December 2007 to April 2017, vice president and a member of the
                       Party Committee of the Company from April 2017 to November 2019 and vice president of
                       the Company from November 2019 to December 2019. He has been a member of Executive
                       Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in current session of
                       the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.




134
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Name          Primary work experience
              Doctor of technology economics and management. Mr. Zhang once worked at Dongcheng
              District Personnel Exchange Service Center of Beijing ( 北京東城區人才交流服務中心 ), Brilliance
              Group ( 華 晨 集 團 ) Shanghai Office, Tongshang Holdings Co., Ltd. ( 通 商 控 股 有 限 公 司 ) and
              Beijing Lianchuang Investment and Management Co., Ltd. ( 北 京 聯 創 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ). He
              served as a senior manager of the asset management head office of Huatai Securities
              and deputy general manager of the business office at Nantong Yaogang Road. Mr. Zhang
              served as the general manager of the business office at Shanghai Ruijin First Road, deputy
              general manager of securities investment department of the Company; general manager


                                                                                                                          About Us
              of the Company’s general affairs department from July 2012 to January 2016; general
Zhang Hui     manager of the human resources department and head of the organization department
              of the Party Committee of the Company from January 2016 to April 2017; secretary to the
              Board of Directors, general manager of the human resources department and head of the
              organization department of the Party Committee of the Company from April 2017 to March
              2019; and secretary to the Board of Directors of the Company from March 2019 to December
              2019, and a member of the Executive Committee and secretary to the Board of Directors of
              the Company from December 2019 to July 2022. He has been a member of the Executive
              Committee, secretary to the Board of Directors and party committee member of the


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
              Company since July 2022, with a term of office in current session of the senior management
              from December 2022 to December 2025.


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
              Master’s degree in control science and engineering. Mr. Chen once was an engineer of
              Eastcom Co., Ltd. ( 東方通信股份有限公司 ), project manager of Nanjing Xinwang Telecom
              Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技股份有限公司 ), senior engineer of the information technology
              department, website operation manager of customer service center, head of network
              marketing team and assistant to general manager of financial service center of Huatai
Chen          Securities. He served as the deputy general manager of the head office of brokerage
Tianxiang     business of the Company from April 2015 to August 2015; deputy general manager of the
              internet finance department of the Company (in charge of work) from August 2015 to June




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
              2017; and general manager of the internet finance department of the Company from June
              2017 to March 2022. He has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Company
              since February 2020, with a term of office in current session of the senior management from
              December 2022 to December 2025.
              Master’s degree of accounting, an accountant. She once was a cadre of Industrial and
              Commercial Bank of China Limited ( 中國工商銀行股份有限公司 ) Beijing Branch as well as a
              cadre, deputy chief clerk and chief clerk of the comprehensive division of the accounting
              department of Ministry of Finance ( 財政部 ). She served as the deputy division chief of the second
              division of standards of the accounting department of Ministry of Finance, investigator
              of the second division of the system from November 2003 to November 2009; a cadre,
Jiao Xiaoning



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
              investigator, director and leading cadre of the system division of the accounting department
              of the CSRC from November 2009 to January 2014; deputy inspector and deputy director
              of the accounting department of the CSRC from January 2014 to January 2020. She joined
              Huatai Securities in January 2020 and has been the chief financial officer of the Company



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
              since March 2020, with a term of office in current session of the senior management from
              December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                 135
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name         Primary work experience
                       Doctor of finance. Mr. Jiao was once the manager and director assistant of trading operation
                       department, director assistant and deputy director of trading management department,
                       deputy director of executive office and general manager’s secretary, and director of board
                       of governors office and deputy director of executive office of Shanghai Stock Exchange. He
                       served as the director of board of governors office and deputy director of executive office,
                       director of CPC Committee Office and director of board of supervisors office of Shanghai
          Jiao Kai     Stock Exchange from January 2013 to March 2014; director of Beijing center of Shanghai Stock
                       Exchange from March 2014 to February 2017; general manager of membership department
                       of Shanghai Stock Exchange from February 2017 to December 2019. He joined Huatai
                       Securities in December 2019 serving as the general legal counsel of the Company and has
                       been the chief compliance officer and general counsel of the Company since February 2020
                       with a term of office in current session of the senior management from December 2022 to
                       December 2025.
                     Master of computer and finance. Mr. Wang served as the principal staff member of the
                     treasury department/global financial marketing department of Bank of China ( 中國銀行 ) from
                     July 1995 to March 2003; middle office chief of internal risk control for European treasury
                     operations at the London Branch of Bank of China from March 2003 to May 2007; leader of
                     interest rate derivative product and fixed income risks team of J.P. Morgan Securities (JP 摩根
          Wang Chong 證券 ) from June 2007 to January 2010; risk compliance officer of China International Capital
                     Corporation (UK) Limited ( 中國國際金融有限公司 ( 英國 )) from January 2010 to November 2014.
                     He has been general manager of risk management department of the Company from
                     December 2014 to January 2022 and chief risk officer of the Company since March 2017
                     with a term of office in current session of the senior management from December 2022 to
                     December 2025.
                       Bachelor of statistics. She once was the business director, business controller, senior
                       manager and compensation and benefits manager of the human resources department
                       of Huatai Securities. She served as the assistant to the general manager of the human
                       resources department of the Company from April 2011 to May 2014; deputy general manager
                       of the human resources department of the Company from May 2014 to March 2019; and
          Sun Yan      general manager of the human resources department and head of the organization
                       department of the Party Committee of the Company from March 2019 to December 2022.
                       She has been the director of human resources, general manager of the human resources
                       department and head of the organization department of the Party Committee of the
                       Company since December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the senior
                       management from December 2022 to December 2025.




136
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(II) Employment of Directors, Supervisors and senior management at present and
those retired during the Reporting Period

1. Employment at the Shareholders’ companies

                   Name of the                                     Commencement
Name of            Shareholder’s                                   of the term of      Expiration of the
employee           companies              Position                 office              term of office
                   Jiangsu Guoxin
                                          General manager of the
Ding Feng          Investment Group                              March 8, 2018         -
                                                                                                                    About Us
                                          finance department
                   Limited
                                          Deputy general
               Jiangsu
                                          manager, party           June 8, 2020        -
Chen Zhongyang Communications
                                          committee member
               Holding Co., Ltd.
                                          General legal counsel    December 16, 2022 -
                                          Deputy general
                   Govtor Capital Group   manager, party           August 17, 2020     -
Ke Xiang
                                          committee member

                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
                   Co., Ltd.
                                          General legal counsel    November 11, 2020   -
                                          General manager of the

                                                                                                                  and Strategies
                   Jiangsu Guoxin                                June 2, 2022          -
                                          finance department
Li Chongqi         Investment Group
                                          General manager of the
                   Limited.                                      June 2, 2022          -
                                          finance department
                                          Head of the financial
                   Jiangsu                management               November 22, 2019 -
Yu Lanying         Communications         department
                   Holding Co., Ltd.      Assistant to the general




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                                   June 1, 2022        -
                                          manager
                   Govtor Capital Group   Deputy general
Zhang Xiaohong                                                     July 8, 2020        -
                   Co., Ltd.              manager
                   Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Vice president, party
Zhou Hongrong                                                      December 10, 2020 -
                   Group Co., Ltd.       committee member
                   Jiangsu Guoxin         Party committee
Zhang Ming         Investment Group       member, chief            October 18, 2020    -
                   Limited                accountant
Explanation of the
employment at



                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                   Nil
the Shareholders’
Companies




                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                           137
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Employment at other companies

                                                                                     Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                    of the term of the term of
          employee    Name of other companies                      Position          office         office
                      CSOP Asset Management Limited ( 南方東英                           November 7,
                                                           Chairman                                   -
                      資產管理有限公司 )                                                     2017
                                                                                     October 31,
                      AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.           Director                           -
                                                                                     2016
                      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)                          November 28,
          Zhou Yi                                                  Director                           -
                      Limited                                                        2006
                      China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                Chairman             May 27, 2022     -
                      ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )
                                                                                     September 20,
                      Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited   Director                        -
                                                                                     2022
                      Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                                   Director          June 14, 2019    -
                      省聯合徵信有限公司 )
                      Jiangsu Guoxin Credit Financing Guarantee
          Ding Feng                                             Director             August 12, 2019 -
                      Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省國信信用融資擔保有限公司 )
                      Zking Property & Casualty Insurance Co.,                       February 20,
                                                                   Director                           -
                      Ltd. ( 紫金財產保險股份有限公司 )                                          2021
                    China Eastern Airlines Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 中
                                                                 Director            March 23, 2021   -
                    國東方航空江蘇有限公司 )
          Chen
          Zhongyang
                    Jinling Hotel Co., Ltd. ( 金陵飯店股份有限公司 ) Director                  May 25, 2021     -
                      Jiangsu Addor Huijing Asset Management                         November 4,
                                                                   Director                           -
                      Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達匯景資產管理有限公司 )                                   2020
                      Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co., Ltd.                      December 8,
                                                                Director                              -
          Ke Xiang    ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )                                               2020
                      Jiangsu Fenghai New Energy Seawater
                                                                                     December 18,
                      Desalination Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇豐     Director                           -
                                                                                     2020
                      海新能源淡化海水發展有限公司 )
                                                                   Managing director
                                                                   of strategic
                      Alibaba Group Holding Limited                                  January 1, 2020 -
                                                                   investment
                                                                   department
                      Shanghai Wanxiang Culture Distribution
                                                                   Director          May 7, 2019      -
                      Co., Ltd. ( 上海萬象文化配送有限公司 )
                      Dianwoba Holdings Limited                    Director          May 30, 2020     -
                      YTO Express Group Co., Ltd. ( 圓通速遞股份有                          February 25,
                                                            Director                                  -
                      限公司 )                                                          2021
                      Jiangsu Kangzhong Auto Parts Co., Ltd. ( 江                     September 30,
                                                                   Director                        -
          Hu Xiao     蘇康眾汽配有限公司 )                                                    2021
                                                                                     February 15,
                      BEST Inc.                                    Director                           -
                                                                                     2022
                      Red Star Macalline Group Corporation Ltd.
                                                                   Director          March 29, 2022 -
                      ( 紅星美凱龍家居集團股份有限公司 )
                      Travel Ease International (Hong Kong)
                                                                   Director          March 9, 2022    -
                      Limited
                      Yunshang Exhibition Company Limited ( 雲
                                                                   Director          March 1, 2022    -
                      上會展有限公司 )
                      Zhejiang Haozhu Network Technology
                                                         Director                    July 14, 2022    -
                      Company Limited ( 浙江豪豬網絡技術有限公司 )



138
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                            Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                     of the term of the term of
employee    Name of other companies                       Position          office         office
                                                          Deputy general
                                                          manager of
            Chengtong Fund Management Company             the research      September 30,
                                                                                          -
            Limited ( 誠通基金管理有限公司 )                        and planning      2017
                                                          department (in
Zhang                                                     charge of work)


                                                                                                                  About Us
Jinxin      Shanxi Jinbo Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.     Independent
                                                                            March 12, 2020   -
            ( 山西錦波生物醫藥股份有限公司 )                            director
            Beijing Tiandetai Technology Company          Independent
                                                                            April 28, 2020   -
            Limited ( 北京天德泰科技股份有限公司 )                     director
            Gkht (Beijing) Medical Technology Co., Ltd.   Independent       December 12,
                                                                                             -
            ( 國科恒泰 ( 北京 ) 醫療科技股份有限公司 )                    director          2022
            Law School of Nanjing University              Professor         May 1, 2021      -
            Changshu Feifan Metalwork Co., Ltd. ( 常熟      Independent
                                                                            April 15, 2021   -
            非凡新材股份有限公司 )

                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                          director
Wang
            Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. ( 通富微電      Independent       December 16,
Jianwen                                                                                      -
            子股份有限公司 )

                                                                                                                and Strategies
                                                          director          2021
            Nanjing Xinjiekou Department Store Co., Ltd. Independent        January 17,
                                                                                             -
            ( 南京新街口百貨商店股份有限公司 )                          director           2023
                                                                            December 31,
          Business School of Nanjing University    Professor                                 -
Wang                                                                        2010
Quansheng Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. ( 南京鋼鐵股份有 Independent
                                                                            June 30, 2022    -
            限公司 )                                         director




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
            Law School of Peking University               Professor         April 1, 2000    -
Peng Bing   HSBC Qianhai Securities Limited ( 滙豐前海證 Independent             September 1,
                                                                                             -
            券有限責任公司 )                               director                2017
            Accounting department of the Business         Associate         December 30,
                                                                                             -
            School of Nanjing University                  professor         2011
            Changzhou Tronly New Electronic Materials Independent           October 10,
                                                                                             -
            Co., Ltd. ( 常州強力電子新材料股份有限公司 )             director              2017
            Kuangda Technology Group Co. Ltd. ( 曠達        Independent
Wang Bing                                                                   May 12, 2020     -
            科技集團股份有限公司 )                                  director
            HIT Welding Industry Co., Ltd. ( 哈焊所華通 ( 常 Independent
                                                                            June 1, 2019     -
            州 ) 焊業股份有限公司 )


                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                                                       director
            Jiangsu Jiuwu High-Tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇久吾 Independent
                                                                            June 20, 2022    -
            高科技股份有限公司 )                              director




                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
            BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Limited                        January 24,
                                                     Chairman                                -
            ( 中銀國際英國保誠資產管理公司 )                                              2003
            BOCOM International Holdings Company          Independent
                                                                            June 26, 2014    -
            Limited ( 交銀國際控股有限公司 )                        director
            DTXS Silk Road Investment Holdings
Tse Yung                                                  Independent       November 16,
            Company Limited ( 大唐西市絲路投資控股有                                                    -
Hoi                                                       director          2017
            限公司 )
            Vico International Holdings Limited ( 域高國     Independent       January 16,
                                                                                             -
            際控股有限公司 )                                     director          2018
            Qianhai Financial Holdings Co., Limited ( 前   Independent
                                                                            July 21, 2014    -
            海金融控股有限公司 )                                   director




                                                                                                         139
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                       Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                      of the term of the term of
          employee     Name of other companies                       Position          office         office
                       Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華                     January 18,
                                                                     Supervisor                         -
          Gu         泰紫金投資有限責任公司 )                                                     2019
          Chengzhong Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權
                                                                     Supervisor        March 18, 2020   -
                       交易中心有限責任公司 )
                       Jiangsu International Trust Corporation                         October 21,
                                                                     Director                           -
                       Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )                                       2022
                       Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省鐵路
                                                               Director                May 20, 2020     -
                       集團有限公司 )
                                                                     Chairman of
                       Jiangsu New Energy Development Co., Ltd.
                                                                     the supervisory   August 4, 2021   -
                       ( 江蘇省新能源開發股份有限公司 )
                                                                     committee
                       Jiangsu Radio and Television Information
                       Network Investment Company Limited ( 江        Vice chairman     May 20, 2020     -
          Li Chongqi
                       蘇省廣播電視信息網絡投資有限公司 )
                       Suzhou Zhongfang Consortium Holding
                       Company Limited ( 蘇州中方財團控股股份有                 Director          June 10, 2019    -
                       限公司 )
                       Jiangsu Sainty International Group Limited
                                                                     Director          June 5, 2018     June 30, 2022
                       ( 江蘇舜天國際集團有限公司 )
                                                              Chairman of
                       Hong Kong Broadsino Investment Company
                                                              the supervisory          May 8, 2018      -
                       Limited ( 香港博騰國際投資貿易有限公司 )
                                                              committee
                       Jiangsu Re-guarantee Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                                     Supervisor        May 27, 2018     -
                       省信用再擔保集團有限公司 )
                                                                   Chairman of
                       Jiangsu Salt Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省                     December 3,
                                                                   the supervisory                      -
                       鹽業集團有限責任公司 )                                                    2018
                                                                   committee
          Yu Lanying
                       Jiangsu Jinsuzheng Investment and
                                                                                       December 3,
                       Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金蘇證投資發展有 Director                                      -
                                                                                       2018
                       限公司 )
                                                                                       September 16,
                       Bank of Nanjing Co., Ltd. ( 南京銀行股份有限公司 ) Director                                -
                                                                                       2020
                       Jiangsu Addor Equity Investment Fund
                       Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達股權投資基              Supervisor        May 13, 2022     -
                       金管理有限公司 )
                       Jiangsu Govtor Venture Capital                Legal
                                                                                       December 14,
                       Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高投創業投資管              representative,                    -
                                                                                       2021
                       理有限公司 )                                       chairman
                                                             Legal
                       Jiangsu Talent Innovation and Venture representative,
          Zhang                                                                September 9,
                       Service Center Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省人才創新創業 executive director                          -
          Xiaohong                                                             2019
                       服務中心有限公司 )                            and general
                                                             manager
                                                                 Legal
                       Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co., Ltd.                       September 10,
                                                                 representative,                        -
                       ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )                                                2021
                                                                 chairman
                       Jiangsu Xinxin Retail Innovation Fund Designated
                       (Limited Partnership) ( 江蘇新新零售創新基金 representative of August 26, 2021 -
                       ( 有限合夥 ))                             executive partner




140
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                 Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                          of the term of the term of
employee     Name of other companies                        Position             office         office
                                                      Legal
             Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權
Sun Hanlin                                            representative,            March 1, 2021    -
             交易中心有限責任公司 )
                                                      chairman
             Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限
Jiang Jian                                                  Director             May 16, 2012     -
             公司 )
             China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.                           October 18,
Zhang Hui                                              Director                                   -
             ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )
                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                                                 2016
             Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
Chen
             Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director                      March 30, 2018 -
Tianxiang
             管理有限公司 )
             AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc              Chairman             April 21, 2020   -
Jiao         Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
Xiaoning     Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director                      August 10, 2020 -
             管理有限公司 )


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
             Huatai International Financial Holdings
                                                                                 February 28,
             Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公                  Director                              -
                                                                                 2018
             司)

                                                                                                                          and Strategies
             Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                            Chief risk officer   July 30, 2018    -
             Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 )
Wang
Chong
                                                                                 September 28,
             Huatai Securities USA Holdings, Inc.           Director                           -
                                                                                 2018
                                                                                 September 28,
             Huatai Securities (USA), Inc.                  Director                           -
                                                                                 2018




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                            Party committee
             China Eastern Airlines Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 中                   October 18,
                                                            member, deputy                        -
             國東方航空江蘇有限公司 )                                                  2021
                                                            general manager
             Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省鐵路                                              March 29,
                                                     Director                    May 17, 2018
             集團有限公司 )                                                                             2022
             Jiangsu Port Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省港口集團                                               January 19,
                                                    Director                     July 9, 2018
             有限公司 )                                                                               2022
Chen
             Jiangsu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金融
Yongbing                                                Supervisor               March 17, 2018   April 22, 2022
             租賃股份有限公司 )
             Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                          Director               June 26, 2019    May 27, 2022
             省聯合徵信有限公司 )


                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
             Lian Life Insurance Co., Ltd. ( 利安人壽保險股                             November 18,
                                                            Director                              April 25, 2022
             份有限公司 )                                                             2020
             Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇


                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                                          Director               June 26, 2019    May 27, 2022
             省聯合徵信有限公司 )
             CMB Wealth Management Company                  Director and         November 1,
Wang Tao                                                                                          -
             Limited ( 招銀理財有限責任公司 )                         president            2019
                                                       Deputy secretary
             China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.                           December 10,
Zhu Xuebo                                              of the Party                               -
             ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )                                                    2020
                                                       Committee




                                                                                                                   141
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                       Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                      of the term of the term of
          employee    Name of other companies                      Position            office         office
                                                                                       November 1,
                      Business School of Nanjing University        Professor                            -
                                                                                       2006
          Chen      Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. ( 南京鋼鐵股份有 Independent
                                                                                       May 6, 2016      June 30, 2022
          Chuanming 限公司 )                                    director
                      Zhejiang Wansheng Co., Ltd. ( 浙江萬盛股份         Independent         November 14,
                                                                                                        -
                      有限公司 )                                       director            2022
                      Beijing Tian Yuan Law Firm ( 北京市天元律師
                                                                   Partner             January 1, 2002 -
                      事務所 )
          Liu Yan
                      WuXi Pharma Tech Co., Ltd. ( 無錫藥明康德新 Independent
                                                                                       March 17, 2017   -
                      藥開發股份有限公司 )                          director
                      School of Economics and Management of
                                                                   Professor           July 1, 2012     -
                      Southeast University
                      Jiangsu Phoenix Publishing & Media
                                                                   Independent
                      Corporation Limited ( 江蘇鳳凰出版傳媒股份                                 May 10, 2018     -
                                                                   director
                      有限公司 )
          Chen Zhibin Jiangsu Sainty Corp., Ltd. ( 江蘇舜天股份有限 Independent                                 February 19,
                                                                                       May 15, 2020
                      公司 )                                  director                                    2022
                      Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限         External            October 10,
                                                                                                        March 8, 2022
                      公司 )                                         supervisor          2020
                      Jiangsu Jiangnan Rural Commercial Bank Independent               October 15,
                                                                                                        -
                      Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇江南農村商業銀行股份有限公司 ) director                          2021
                      Jiangsu Guoxin Corporation Limited ( 江蘇國
                                                               Supervisor              August 20, 2019 -
                      信股份有限公司 )
                      Jiangsu International Trust Corporation
                                                                   Director            August 28, 2019 -
                      Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )
                      Jiangsu Sainty Corp., Ltd. ( 江蘇舜天股份有限
                                                            Supervisor                 July 12, 2019    -
                      公司 )
          Zhang Min
                      Suzhou Industrial Park Co., Ltd. ( 蘇州工業園
                                                                   Supervisor          June 24, 2015    -
                      區股份有限公司 )
                      China Eastern Airlines Jiangsu Limited ( 中國                      December 30,
                                                                  Director                              -
                      東方航空江蘇有限公司 )                                                     2020
                      Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. ( 江                       December 24,
                                                                   Director                             -
                      蘇省國信集團財務有限公司 )                                                   2020
                                                                   Vice president
                                                                   of Retail Group
                                                                   and president of    August 16, 2016 -
                                                                   Internet Platform
          Fan                                                      Company
                      Suning.com Group Co., Ltd.
          Chunyan                                                  General
                                                                   manager of the
                                                                                    January 29,
                                                                   customer service                     -
                                                                                    2018
                                                                   management
                                                                   center
          Explanation
          of other    Nil
          jobs




142
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(III) Remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management
                                                                                                 Currency: RMB


                             The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible for
Decision-making              advising the Board on the remuneration structure and policies of the Directors
procedures of                and senior management of the Company. The Board makes decisions on
remuneration of the          matters relating to the remuneration of and reward and punishment of senior
Directors, Supervisors and   management in accordance with relevant policies, and matters relating to
senior management            the remuneration of Directors and Supervisors shall be determined at the
                             general meeting.

                             The external Directors and external Supervisors of the Company do not                        About Us
                             receive remuneration from the Company; standard of remuneration of the
                             independent Directors is determined with reference to that of the listed peers
The basis for determining
                             and based on actual situation of the Company; remuneration of internal
the remuneration of the
                             Directors, employee representative Supervisors and the senior management
Directors, Supervisors and
                             applies relevant policies of governing authorities and the remuneration
senior management
                             assessment system of the Company, and determined in accordance with the
                             Company’s operation, job responsibilities and the result of annual and tenure

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                             performance, as it is linked to position and performance.



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Actual payments of
                             Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
remuneration of the
                             current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during
Directors, Supervisors and
                             the Reporting Period” in this report for details
senior management

                             Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
                             current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during
Total remuneration
                             the Reporting Period” in this report for details. During the Reporting Period,
actually obtained by all
                             the Company paid deferred compensations for previous years (before tax):




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Directors, Supervisors and
                             647,900 to Zhou Yi; 366,400 to Han Zhencong; 376,400 to Li Shiqian; 373,800
senior management at
                             to Sun Hanlin; 373,800 to Jiang Jian; 1,117,000 to Zhang Hui; 1,177,700 to Chen
the end of the Reporting
                             Tianxiang; 490,000 to Jiao Xiaoning; 543,100 to Jiao Kai; 635,900 to Wang
Period
                             Chong; 877,200 to Gu Chengzhong; 549,900 to Wang Ying; and 66,000 to
                             Wang Juan.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 143
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Changes in Directors, Supervisors and senior management

          Name           Position                           Change      Reason for Change
                                                                        Elected by the congress of workers and
          Zhou Yi        Employee Representative Director   Elected
                                                                        staff
          Chen                                                          Elected at the 2021 Annual General
                         Non-executive Director             Elected
          Zhongyang                                                     Meeting
                                                                        Elected at the 2021 Annual General
          Yin Lihong     Executive Director                 Elected
                                                                        Meeting
          Wang                                                          Elected at the 2021 Annual General
                         Independent Non-executive Director Elected
          Quansheng                                                     Meeting
                                                                        Elected at the First Extraordinary General
          Zhang Jinxin   Non-executive Director             Elected
                                                                        Meeting in 2022
                                                                        Elected at the First Extraordinary General
          Peng Bing      Independent Non-executive Director Elected
                                                                        Meeting in 2022
                                                                        Elected at the First Extraordinary General
          Wang Bing      Independent Non-executive Director Elected
                                                                        Meeting in 2022
                                                                        Elected at the First Extraordinary General
          Tse Yung Hoi   Independent Non-executive Director Elected
                                                                        Meeting in 2022
                                                                        Elected at the First Extraordinary General
          Li Chongqi     Supervisor                         Elected
                                                                        Meeting in 2022
          Zhou                                                          Elected at the First Extraordinary General
                         Supervisor                         Elected
          Hongrong                                                      Meeting in 2022
                         Member of the Executive Committee,
          Han Zhencong                                      Appointed   Appointed by the Board
                         chief information officer
          Sun Yan        Director of human resources        Appointed   Appointed by the Board
                                                                        Due to work reasons, he will no longer
          Chen
                         Non-executive Director             Resigned    serve as a non-executive Director of the
          Yongbing
                                                                        Company
                                                                        Due to work reasons, he will no longer
          Wang Tao       Non-executive Director             Resigned    serve as a non-executive Director of the
                                                                        Company
                                                                        Due to work reasons, he will no longer
          Zhu Xuebo      Executive Director                 Resigned    serve as an executive Director of the
                                                                        Company
                                                                        Having served as an independent non-
                                                                        executive Director of the Company for
          Chen
                         Independent Non-executive Director Resigned    6 consecutive years, he will no longer
          Chuanming
                                                                        serve as an independent non-executive
                                                                        Director of the Company
                                                                        Due to the expiration of her term of
                                                                        office, she will no longer serve as an
          Liu Yan        Independent Non-executive Director Resigned
                                                                        independent non- executive Director of
                                                                        the Company
                                                                        Due to the expiration of his term of
                                                                        office, he will no longer serve as an
          Chen Zhibin    Independent Non-executive Director Resigned
                                                                        independent non- executive Director of
                                                                        the Company




144
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Name                 Position                                          Change           Reason for Change
                                                                                        Due to the expiration of her term of
                                                                                        office, she will no longer serve as an
Au King Chi          Independent Non-executive Director Resigned
                                                                                        independent non- executive Director of
                                                                                        the Company
                                                                                        Due to the expiration of his term of
Zhang Ming           Supervisor                                        Resigned         office, he will no longer serve as a
                                                                                        Supervisor of the Company
                                                                                        Due to the expiration of her term of

                                                                                                                                                           About Us
Fan Chunyan          Supervisor                                        Resigned         office, she will no longer serve as a
                                                                                        Supervisor of the Company
                                                                                        Due to the expiration of his term of
Li Shiqian           Member of the Executive Committee Resigned                         office, he will no longer serve as a senior
                                                                                        management of the Company

Notes:
1. On April 8, 2022, as considered and approved at the twenty-second meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company, Mr. Han
Zhencong was appointed as a member of the Executive Committee and chief information officer of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
2. On April 14, 2022, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Mr. Wang Tao, a non-executive Director. Mr. Wang Tao
has proposed to resign from his positions as a non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company and as a member of
the Development Strategy Committee of the Board due to work reasons, upon which he no longer holds any position in the Company. There is




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
no disagreement between Mr. Wang Tao and the Board of the Company, and there is no matter in relation to his resignation that needs to be
brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. Mr. Wang Tao has also confirmed that he is not a party involved in any on-going
or pending litigation or dispute against the Company.
3. On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on the Election of an Independent Non-executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company
and the Resolution on the Election of a Non-executive Director and an Executive Director of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company were
considered and approved at the 2021 Annual General Meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Chen Zhongyang
and Ms. Yin Lihong were elected as an independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company, a non-executive
Director of the fifth session of the Board and an executive Director of the fifth session of the Board, respectively. Mr. Wang Quansheng has
replaced Mr. Chen Chuanming to perform his duties as an independent non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the Company;
Mr. Chen Zhongyang has replaced Mr. Chen Yongbing to perform his duties as a non-executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the
Company; and Ms. Yin Lihong has replaced Mr. Zhu Xuebo to perform her duties as an executive Director of the fifth session of the Board of the




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Company from June 22, 2022; all for a term of office until the end of the fifth session of the Board.
4. On December 28, 2022, as considered and approved at the employee representatives’ meeting of the Company, Mr. Zhou Yi was elected as an
employee representative Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, and Mr. Gu Chengzhong, Ms. Wang Ying and Ms. Wang Juan
were elected as employee representative Supervisors of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. The terms of office of
the above-mentioned persons shall be effective from the date on which the Resolution on the Election of Executive Directors and Non-executive
Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company, the Resolution on the Election of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Sixth
Session of the Board of the Company and the Resolution on the Election of Non-employee Representative Supervisors of the Sixth Session of the
Supervisory Committee of the Company were considered and approved at the 2022 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company until
the end of the sixth session of the Board and the Supervisory Committee.
5. On December 30, 2022, the Resolution on the Election of Executive Directors and Non-Executive Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board of
the Company, the Resolution on the Election of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company and the
Resolution on the Election of Non-employee Representative Supervisors of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company were
considered and approved at the 2022 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Ding Feng, Mr.
Chen Zhongyang, Mr. Ke Xiang, Ms. Hu Xiao, Mr. Zhang Jinxin, Ms. Yin Lihong, Mr. Wang Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Bing and Mr. Tse Yung Hoi were elected as Directors of the sixth session of the Board of the Company; and Ms. Li Chongqi, Ms. Yu Lanying, Ms.
Zhang Xiaohong and Ms. Zhou Hongrong were elected as non-employee representative Supervisors of the Company, respectively. The above-
mentioned persons shall perform the duties of Directors of the sixth session of the Board of the Company and the duties of Supervisors of the
sixth session of the Supervisory Committee from December 30, 2022, and shall hold office until the end of the sixth session of the Board and




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
the Supervisory Committee. On the same day, as considered and approved at the first meeting of the sixth session of Board of the Company,
Mr. Zhang Wei was elected as the chairman of the sixth session of the Board of the Company; it was agreed to appoint Mr. Zhou Yi as the chief
executive officer and the chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company; it was agreed to appoint Mr. Han Zhencong, Mr. Sun Hanlin,
Mr. Jiang Jian, Mr. Zhang Hui and Mr. Chen Tianxiang as members of the Company’s Executive Committee; it was agreed to appoint Mr. Han
Zhencong as chief information officer (concurrent) of the Company; it was agreed to appoint Ms. Jiao Xiaoning as chief financial officer of
the Company; it was agreed to appoint Mr. Jiao Kai as chief compliance officer and general legal counsel of the Company; it was agreed to
appoint Mr. Wang Chong as chief risk officer of the Company; it was agreed to appoint Ms. Sun Yan as director of human resources of the
Company; and it was agreed to appoint Mr. Zhang Hui as secretary to the Board of the Company (concurrent).The terms of office of the above-
mentioned persons are three years commencing from the date of consideration and approval by the sixth session of the Board (i.e. December
30, 2022). On the same day, as considered and approved at the first meeting of the sixth session of Supervisory Committee of the Company, Mr.
Gu Chengzhong was elected as the chairman of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, with a term of office of three
years from the date of consideration and approval by the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee (i.e. December 30, 2022).


Save as disclosed above, the Company did not appoint or dismiss any Director, Supervisor or senior
management during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, there is no change of information about the Directors,
Supervisors and chief executives which shall be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                                  145
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (V) As of the end of the Reporting Period, none of the incumbent Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management or Directors, Supervisors or senior
          management who left office during the Reporting Period had been subject to any
          penalty imposed by the securities regulatory authorities during the last three years



          V. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD CONVENED DURING THE REPORTING
          PERIOD
                           Convening
          Meeting          date        Meeting form and place                      Meeting motion                                                               Status

                                                                                     1. To consider the 2021 Work Report of the Senior Management of the
                                                                                     Company;
                                                                                     2. To consider the 2021 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                                                                     3. To consider the 2022 Financial Budget Report of the Company;
                                                                                     4. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of
                                                                                     the Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                                                                                     5. To consider the Proposal on the 2021 Profit Distribution of the
                                                                                     Company;
                                                                                     6. To consider the 2021 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                                                                     7. To consider the Resolution on the 2021 Annual Report of the Company;
                                                                                     8. To consider the Resolution on the 2021 Annual Compliance Report of
                                                                                     the Company;
                                                                                     9. To consider the Resolution on the 2021 Annual Risk Management
                                                                                     Report of the Company;
                                                                                     10. To consider the Resolution on the 2021 Annual Internal Control
                                                                                     Evaluation Report of the Company;
                                                                                     11. To consider the Resolution on the Special Report on Information
                                       By means of onsite & video                    Technology Management of the Company for 2021;
                                       meetings. Address: Large Conference           12. To consider the Resolution on the 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility
                                       Room, Floor 12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Report of the Company;
                                       Square, No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, 13. To consider the Proposal on the estimated ordinary transactions with
                                       Nanjing; Conference Room 6, Floor 18,         related parties of the Company for 2022;
                                       Building A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, 14. To consider the Proposal on the estimated investment amount for the
                                       No.                                           proprietary business of the Company for 2022;
                                       28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,         15. To consider the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2022;
          The Twenty-
                                       Beijing; Simulated Video Conference           16. To consider the Resolution on the Change of the Accounting Firm;       All resolutions
          first Meeting
                         March 30,     Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai 17. To consider the Proposal on the Election of Non-independent                   were
          of the Fifth
                         2022          Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,     Directors of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company;                considered
          Session of the
                                       Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,               18. To consider the Proposal on the Election of an Independent Director and approved
          Board
                                       Shanghai; Simulated Video Conference          of the Fifth Session of the Board of the Company;
                                       Room, Shenzhen Branch Office of Huatai 19. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Articles of
                                       Securities, 42/F, Fund Mansion, No. 5999      Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                       Yitian Road, Shenzhen; Simulated Video        20. To consider the Resolution on the Adjustment of the Organizational
                                       London Conference Room, Huatai                Structure of the Headquarters and the Duties of Relevant Departments;
                                       Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited,       21. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and
                                       62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Remuneration of Directors of the Company for 2021;
                                       Hong Kong.                                    22. To consider the Report on Execution of Duty, Performance Assessment
                                                                                     and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company for 2021;
                                                                                     23. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties of the Independent
                                                                                     Directors of the Company for 2021;
                                                                                     24. To consider the Resolution on Convening the 2021 Annual General
                                                                                     Meeting, 2022 First A Share Class Meeting and 2022 First H Share Class
                                                                                     Meeting of the Company;
                                                                                     25. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit
                                                                                     Committee of the Board of the Company for 2021;
                                                                                     26. Debriefing of the Work Report of the Chief Compliance Officer of the
                                                                                     Company for 2021;
                                                                                     27. Debriefing of the Work Report on Anti-money Laundering of the
                                                                                     Company for 2021;
                                                                                     28. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2021;
                                                                                     29. To review the Self-assessment Report on Money Laundering Risk of
                                                                                     the Company;
                                                                                     30. Review of the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control Indicators
                                                                                     of the Company for 2021.

          The Twenty-
                                                                                                                                                                The resolution
          second                                                                   To consider the Resolution on the Appointment of Mr. Han Zhencong as
                           April 8,                                                                                                                             was
          Meeting of the               By means of teleconference                  a Member of the Executive Committee and chief information officer of
                           2022                                                                                                                                 considered
          Fifth Session of                                                         the Company.
                                                                                                                                                                and approved
          the Board




146
                                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                Convening
Meeting         date        Meeting form and place                          Meeting motion                                                             Status

                            By means of onsite & video
                            meetings. Address: Large Conference
                            Room, Floor 12, Building 1, Huatai Securities
                            Square, No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road,
                            Nanjing; Conference Room 6, Floor 18,
                            Building A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza,
                            No. 28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,
The Twenty-                 Beijing; Simulated Video Conference
                                                                                                                                                       The resolution
third Meeting               Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai
               April 29,                                                  To consider the Resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company      was
of the Fifth                Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,
               2022                                                       for 2022.                                                                    considered
Session of the              Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                                                                                                                       and approved
Board                       Shanghai; Simulated Video Conference


                                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                            Room, Shenzhen Branch Office of Huatai
                            Securities, 42/F, Fund Mansion, No. 5999
                            Yitian Road, Shenzhen; Simulated Video
                            London Conference Room, Huatai
                            Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited,
                            62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central,
                            Hong Kong.

The Twenty-
                                                                                                                                                   The resolution
fourth Meeting
               May 31,                                                      To consider the Resolution on Increasing the Investment Amount for the was
of the Fifth                By means of teleconference
               2022                                                         R&D and Training Center Project of Huatai Securities.                  considered
Session of the
                                                                                                                                                   and approved
Board



                                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                            1. To consider the Resolution on the Application for Conducting Stocks
                                                                            Market-
                                                                            making Business on the STAR Market by the Company;



                                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
The Twenty-                                                                 2. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Basic System for
                                                                            Anti-money Laundering and Anti-terrorism Financing of Huatai Securities All resolutions
fifth Meeting
               June 22,                                                     Co., Ltd.;                                                               were
of the Fifth                By means of teleconference
               2022                                                         3. To consider the Resolution on Termination of the Commitment on the considered
Session of the
                                                                            Provision of Net Capital Guarantee to its Wholly-owned Subsidiary Huatai and approved
Board                                                                       Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd. by the Company;
                                                                            4. To consider the Resolution on the Adjustment to the Composition
                                                                            of Certain Special Committees of the Fifth Session of the Board of the
                                                                            Company.

                          By means of onsite & video
                          meetings. Address: Large Conference




                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                          Room, Floor 12, Building 1, Huatai Securities
                          Square, No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road,
                          Nanjing; Conference Room 6, Floor 18,
                                                                            1. To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Interim Report of the Company;
                          Building A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza,
The Twenty-                                                                 2. To consider the Resolution on the Application for the Qualification
                          No. 28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,                                                                                  All resolutions
sixth Meeting                                                               for Market- making and Trading Business of Listed Securities and
               August 30, Beijing; Simulated Video Conference                                                                                        were
of the Fifth                                                                Conducting Market-making and Trading Business of Bonds on the Stock
               2022       Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai                                                                                     considered
Session of the                                                              Exchange by the Company;
                          Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,                                                                                  and approved
Board                                                                       3. Examination on the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control
                          Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                                            Indicators of the Company for the First Half of 2022.
                          Shanghai; Simulated Video London
                          Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                          Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                          Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                          Kong.

                            By means of onsite & video
                            meetings. Address: Large Conference
                            Room, Floor 12, Building 1, Huatai Securities   1. To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the




                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                            Square, No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road,         Company for 2022;
                            Nanjing; Conference Room 6, Floor 18,           2. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Terms of Reference
                            Building A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza,      of the Special Committees of the Board of Directors of Huatai Securities
The Twenty-
                            No. 28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,       Co., Ltd.;                                                                 All resolutions
seventh
                 October    Beijing; Simulated Video Conference             3. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Administration          were




                                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Meeting of the
                 28, 2022   Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai          Measures for Information Disclosure of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;        considered
Fifth Session of
                            Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,       4. To consider the Resolution on amendments to the System for Investor     and approved
the Board
                            Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,                 Relationship Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                            Shanghai; Simulated Video London                5. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Administrative
                            Conference Room, Huatai Financial               System regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors,
                            Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The         Supervisors and Senior Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                            Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                            Kong.




                                                                                                                                                                         147
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                        Convening
          Meeting       date        Meeting form and place                    Meeting motion                                                              Status

                                                                              1. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Articles of
                                                                              Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                                                              2. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Rules of
                                                                              Procedure for General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
                                                                              3. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Working System
                                                                              for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
          The Twenty-
                                                                              4. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Management         All resolutions
          eighth           November
                                                                              System for Related-Party Transactions of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;     were
          Meeting of the 28, 2022   By means of teleconference
                                                                              5. To consider the Resolution on the Change of Business Scope and         considered
          Fifth Session of
                                                                              Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company;                 and approved
          the Board
                                                                              6. To consider the Proposal on the Election of Non-independent Directors
                                                                              of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company;
                                                                              7. To consider the Proposal on the Election of an Independent Director of
                                                                              the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company;
                                                                              8. To consider the Resolution on the Convening of the Extraordinary
                                                                              General Meeting of the Company.

                                                                              1. To consider the Resolution on Election of the Chairman of the Sixth
                                                                              Session of the Board of the Company;
                                                                              2. To consider the Resolution on the Composition of Special Committees
                                                                              of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company;
                                                                              3. To consider the Resolution on Appointment of Chief Executive Officer
                                                                              and the Head of Execution Committee of the Company;
                                                                              4. To consider the Resolution on Appointment of Senior Management of
                                                                              the Company;
                                  By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                                                              5. To consider the Resolution on the Engagement of the External
                                  Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                                                              Evaluation Institution for Compliance Management Effectiveness for
                                  12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                                                              2022;
                                  No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                                                              6. To consider the Resolution on the Satisfaction of the Conditions for the
                                  Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building A,
                                                                              Rights Issue of the Company;
                                  China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.
                                                                              7. To consider the Resolution on the Rights Issue Plan of the Company;
          The First      December 28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,                                                                                   All resolutions
                                                                              8. To consider the Resolution on the Proposal for Public Issuance of
          Meeting of the 30,      Beijing; Simulated Video Conference                                                                                     were
                                                                              Shares by Way of Rights Issue of the Company;
          Sixth Session 2022      Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai                                                                                  considered
                                                                              9. To consider the Resolution on the Feasibility Analysis Report on the Use
          of the Board            Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,                                                                               and approved
                                                                              of Proceeds from the Rights Issue of the Company;
                                  Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                                              10. To consider the Resolution on the Report on Use of Proceeds
                                  Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing
                                                                              Previously Raised;
                                  Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                                                                              11. To consider the Resolution on the Risk Reminder of and Remedial
                                  Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                                                              Measures to the Dilution of Immediate Returns Resulted from the Rights
                                  Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                                                                              Issue to the Existing Shareholders and the Undertakings by Relevant
                                  Kong.
                                                                              Parties;
                                                                              12. To consider the Resolution on the Shareholders’ Interim Return Plan
                                                                              (2023-2025);
                                                                              13. To consider the Resolution on the Mandate to the Board and Its
                                                                              Authorized Person(s) to Deal with Matters Related to the Rights Issue;
                                                                              14. To consider the Resolutions on Convening the 2023 First Extraordinary
                                                                              General Meeting, 2023 First A Share Class Meeting and 2023 First H Share
                                                                              Class Meeting of the Company.


          Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Board can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://
          www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.com.cn) and China
          Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




148
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
VI. MEETINGS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE CONVENED
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
               Convening
Meeting        date      Meeting form and place                   Meeting motion                                                                  Status

                                                                   1. To consider the 2021 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee of the
                                                                   Company;
                                                                   2. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
The Twelfth
                                                                   Restricted A Shares by the Company;                                            All
Meeting
                         By means of onsite & video meetings. 3. To consider the Proposal on the 2021 Profit Distribution of the Company;         resolutions
of the Fifth
               March 30, Small Conference Room, Floor 12,          4. To consider the resolution on the 2021 Annual Report of the Company;        were
Session
               2022      Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No. 5. To consider the resolution on the 2021 Annual Internal Control Evaluation   considered

                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
of the
                         228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing. Report of the Company;                                                               and
Supervisory
                                                                   6. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and Remuneration of        approved
Committee
                                                                   the Supervisors of the Company for 2021;
                                                                   7. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2021;
                                                                   8. Debriefing of the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2022.

The
Thirteenth                                                                                                                                        The
Meeting                    By means of on-site meeting. Small                                                                                     resolution
of the Fifth   April 29,   Conference Room, Floor 12, Building    To consider the Resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company for     was
Session        2022        1, Huatai Securities Square, No. 228   2022.                                                                           considered
of the                     Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing.                                                                                        and
Supervisory                                                                                                                                       approved



                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Committee

The
Fourteenth                                                                                                                                        The



                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Meeting                   By means of on-site meeting. Small                                                                                      resolution
of the Fifth   August 30, Conference Room, Floor 12, Building                                                                                     was
                                                                  To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Interim Report of the Company.
Session        2022       1, Huatai Securities Square, No. 228                                                                                    considered
of the                    Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing.                                                                                         and
Supervisory                                                                                                                                       approved
Committee

The Fifteenth
                                                                                                                                              The
Meeting
                           By means of on-site meeting. Small                                                                                 resolution
of the Fifth
              October      Conference Room, Floor 12, Building    To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the Company for was
Session
              28, 2022     1, Huatai Securities Square, No. 228   2022.                                                                       considered




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
of the
                           Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing.                                                                                    and
Supervisory
                                                                                                                                              approved
Committee

The
Sixteenth                                                                                                                                         The
Meeting                                                                                                                                           resolution
                                                                  To consider the Proposal on Election of Members of the Sixth Session of the
of the Fifth   November                                                                                                                           was
                        By means of teleconference                Supervisory Committee (Non-employee Representative Supervisor) of the
Session        28, 2022                                                                                                                           considered
                                                                  Company.
of the                                                                                                                                            and
Supervisory                                                                                                                                       approved
Committee

                                                                  1. To consider the Resolution on Election of Chairman of the Sixth Session of
                                                                  the Supervisory Committee of the Company;
                                                                  2. To consider the Resolution on the Satisfaction of the Conditions for the
                                                                  Rights Issue of the Company;




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                                                  3. To consider the Resolution on the Rights Issue Plan of the Company;
The First
                                                                  4. To consider the Resolution on the Proposal for Public Issuance of Shares by All
Meeting of
                        By means of onsite & video meetings. Way of Rights Issue of the Company;                                                 resolutions
the Sixth
               December Small Conference Room, Floor 12,          5. To consider the Resolution on the Feasibility Analysis Report on the Use of were
Session
               30, 2022 Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No. Proceeds from the Rights Issue of the Company;                                 considered
of the




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                        228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing. 6. To consider the Resolution on the Report on Use of Proceeds Previously            and
Supervisory
                                                                  Raised;                                                                        approved
Committee
                                                                  7. To consider the Resolution on the Risk Reminder of and Remedial Measures
                                                                  to the Dilution of Immediate Returns Resulted from the Rights Issue to the
                                                                  Existing Shareholders and the Undertakings by Relevant Parties;
                                                                  8. To consider the Resolution on the Shareholders’ Interim Return Plan (2023-
                                                                  2025).


Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Supervisory Committee can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www. hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.
com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




                                                                                                                                                                149
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VII. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF DIRECTORS
          (I) Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings and General Meetings

                                                                                                                    Attendance
                                                              Attendance at Board meetings                           at general
                                                                                                                      meetings

                                                                                                         Whether
                              Whether
                                                                                                        or not he/
                             or not he/
          Name of                          Times of                                                            she
                              she is an
          Director                      attendance                                                        failed to   Times of
                          independent                                Attendance
                                           at Board Attendance                  Attendance             attend the attendance
                               Director                             by means of               Absence
                                          meetings     in person                   by proxy            meeting in   at general
                                                                 teleconference
                                              during                                                    person for   meetings
                                            the year                                                           two
                                                                                                      consecutive
                                                                                                             times

          Zhang Wei                No             9           8              4            1         –          No            3

          Zhou Yi                  No             9           9              4           –          –          No             1

          Ding Feng                No             9           9              4           –          –          No            4

          Chen
                                   No             5           4              2            1         -          No             1
          Zhongyang

          Ke Xiang                 No             9            7             4           2          –          No             1

          Hu Xiao                  No             9           6              4           3          –          No            –

          Zhang Jinxin             No             1            1            –            –          –          No            –

          Yin Lihong               No             5           4              2            1         –          No             1

          Wang
                                  Yes             9           9              4           –          –          No             1
          Jianwen

          Wang
                                  Yes             5           5              2           -          -          No             1
          Quansheng

          Peng Bing               Yes             1            1            –            –          –          No            –

          Wang Bing               Yes             1            1            –            –          –          No            –

          Tse Yung Hoi            Yes              1           1            –            –          –          No            –

          Chen
                                   No             4            2             2           2          –          No            –
          Yongbing

          Wang Tao                 No             2            1             1            1         –          No            –

          Zhu Xuebo                No             4           4              2           –          –          No            –

          Chen
                                  Yes             4           4              2           -          -          No            3
          Chuanming

          Liu Yan                 Yes             8           8              4           –          –          No            –

          Chen Zhibin             Yes             8           8              4           –          –          No            4

          Au King Chi             Yes             8            7             4            1         –          No            –

          Number of Board meetings held within the year                                                                      9

          Of which: Number of on-site meetings                                                                               –

                     Number of meetings held by teleconference                                                               4

                     Number of meetings held on-site and via teleconference                                                  5




150
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(II) No Objections Raised by Directors to Relevant Matters of the Company

(III) Others

1. Board of Directors and the Operation Management

(1) Composition of the Board

According to the relevant regulations of the Articles of Association, the Board shall be composed of 13
Directors, with the number of independent Directors accounting for at least 1/3 of the total number. On

                                                                                                                             About Us
December 30, 2022, as elected at the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, and
according to the election by the congress of workers and staff of the Company, the Company formed
the sixth session of the Board. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 13 members in the Board,
including 3 executive Directors (Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Zhou Yi, Ms. Yin Lihong), 5 non-executive Directors (Mr. Ding
Feng, Mr. Chen Zhongyang, Mr. Ke Xiang, Ms. Hu Xiao, Mr. Zhang Jinxin) and 5 independent non-executive
Directors (Mr. Wang Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang Bing, Mr. Tse Yung Hoi).

The Directors are elected or changed via the general meeting and shall formally take office from the date
on which their appointments are approved by the general meeting. A Director shall serve a term of three


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
years. Directors are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of their terms. However, the successive terms
of independent non-executive Directors may not be more than 6 years. According to relevant regulations



                                                                                                                           and Strategies
of Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has received the annual written confirmation
from each independent non-executive Director with regards to his/her independence. Based on these
confirmations and the relevant information available to the Board, the Company continues to confirm their
independence.

The Company covered liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other
related staff held responsible according to the authorization of the 2014 Annual General Meeting, to protect
them from the compensation liabilities that may arise from performing their duties and to reasonably avoid
management risk and legal risk which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
to, and to encourage them to earnestly fulfill their duties and responsibilities.

(2) Duties and Responsibilities of the Board

The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and is accountable to the general meeting.
According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall exercise the following major functions and powers:
to convene general meetings and report work to general meetings; to carry out the resolutions of the
general meetings; to resolve on the business & investment plans of the Company; to prepare annual
financial budget plan and final accounting plan of the Company; to prepare profit distribution plan and
loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate proposals of the Company on increasing or decreasing
the registered capital, issuing bonds or other securities and the listing plan; to formulate plans for material



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
acquisition, purchase of shares of the Company, merger, division, dissolution or transformation of the
Company; to determine, within the authority granted by the general meeting, such matters as external
investment, acquisition and disposal of assets, asset mortgage, external guarantee, entrusted wealth




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
management, related-party transactions, external donations, etc.; to decide on the establishment of the
Company’s internal management organizations; to determine the appointment or dismissal of the chief
executive officer, secretary to the Board and other senior management of the Company, and to decide the
matters on their remuneration and rewards as well as penalties; to determine the appointment or dismissal
of the senior management of the Company including member of Executive Committee, chief financial
officer, chief compliance officer, chief risk officer and chief information officer according to the nominations
by the president, and to decide the matters on their remuneration and rewards as well as penalties; to
set up the basic management system of the Company; to formulate the proposals for any amendment
to the Articles of Association; to manage the Company’s information disclosure; to be responsible for the
strategic decision of the objectives and planning of cultural construction, and direct the Company to
strengthen its cultural construction; to propose to the general meeting the appointment or replacement




                                                                                                                    151
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of the accounting firms which provide audit services for the Company; to listen to the work reports of the
          Executive Committee and review its work; to decide the Company’s compliance management objectives
          and assume the responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, including but not limited
          to: considering and approving the basic system for compliance management and the annual compliance
          report, evaluating the effectiveness of compliance management, urging to solve problems in compliance
          management, establishing the mechanism for direct communication with the chief compliance officer,
          guaranteeing the chief compliance officer’s assessment on the senior management, various departments
          and branches, subsidiaries at all levels, Compliance Department and compliance management personnel;
          to formulate the risk control system of the Company; to determine Directors’ remunerations and distribution
          plan thereof; to decide to purchase Company’s shares due to the circumstances specified in the Articles of
          Association of the Company; and to exercise other functions and powers authorized by laws, administrative
          regulations, departmental rules or the Articles of Association.

          (3) Duties and Responsibilities of the Operation Management

          The Board is responsible for overall strategies and governance of the Company, and the Operation
          Management is responsible for the concrete implementation of the development strategies and
          policies passed by the Board as well as the daily operation and management of the Company. The
          Operation Management is the supreme operation management body established by the Company
          for implementation of the routes and policies determined by the Board, and shall exercise the following
          functions and powers according to the Articles of Association: to carry out Company’s operation policies
          determined by the Board and decide on material matters during the operation and management of
          the Company; to formulate and implement the financial budget plan of the Company; to formulate final
          accounting plan, profit distribution plan and loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate the registered
          capital change plans and bonds insurance plans of the Company; to formulate plans for merger, division,
          change and dissolution of the Company; to formulate Company’s business plans and plans for investment,
          financing and disposal of assets, and report to the Board for approval according to authorization; to
          formulate Company’s plan for establishment of internal management bodies; to deploy and implement
          various works for cultural construction; to prepare and approve the employee benefits plans and promotion
          and demotion plans; and to exercise other functions and powers authorized by the Board.

          (4) Implementation by the Board of Resolutions Passed at General Meetings

          1) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
          Issuance of Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2022]
          No. 161) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued nine tranches of corporate bonds totaling RMB28.0 billion
          during the Reporting Period.

          2) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by the Letter on Unanimity for the Listing
          and Transfer of Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2021]
          No. 1668) of the SSE, the Company issued one tranche of corporate bonds non-publicly, with a total amount
          of RMB4.0 billion during the Reporting Period.

          3) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
          Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors
          (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2021] No. 2918) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued three tranches of perpetual
          subordinated corporate bonds totaling RMB9.2 billion during the Reporting Period.

          4) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general




152
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian
Xu Ke [2020] No. 1904) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued two tranches of short-term corporate
bonds totaling RMB10 billion during the Reporting Period.

5) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, Pioneer Reward Limited, a
subsidiary of Huatai International (an overseas wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) issued one
tranche of USD bonds totaling USD1.0 billion; issued one tranche of RMB bonds totaling RMB5.0 billion.


                                                                                                                             About Us
6) On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares by the
Company was considered and approved at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting, 2022 First A Share
Class Meeting and 2022 First H Share Class Meeting. According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period,
the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares.

7) On June 22, 2022, the 2021 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company was considered and approved at
the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting. According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, the
Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 Shares based on the Company’s
total share capital of 9,076,650,000 Shares after deducting 45,278,495 Shares deposited in the special


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
account of the Company for securities repurchase and 1,060,973 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled
(i.e. on the basis of 9,030,310,532 Shares), with the total cash dividend of RMB4,063,639,739.40 (tax inclusive).


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, the profit distribution plan has been completed.

8) On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the
Company for 2022 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting. For
details of the actual performance of ordinary transactions with related parties of the Company during the
Reporting Period according to the resolution, please refer to “Material Related-party Transactions” under
“Major Events” in this report.

9) On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount of the Company’s Proprietary




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Business for 2022 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting. According
to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, related business indicators of the Company were controlled
within the authorized scope of the shareholders’ general meeting.

10) On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on the Change of the Accounting Firm of the Company for 2022 was
considered and approved at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting. According to the resolution,
during the Reporting Period, the Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP to handle 2022 annual financial statements and internal control auditing services for the Company and
its holding subsidiaries, and to issue the audit report of A shares, internal control audit report and GDR audit
report; the Company also appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for auditing services of H Shares for the
Company, and to issue the audit report of H Shares.




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
(5) Training of Directors

Trainings are provided to Directors on an on-going basis. The Company attaches great importance



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
to the ongoing training of Directors, to ensure that the Directors form an appropriate understanding of
the operation of the Company and its business and they understand their duties and responsibilities as
directors as required by the CSRC, the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and as
stipulated in the Articles of Association and other relevant laws and regulatory requirements. During the
Reporting Period, the Company’s Directors attached great importance to updating professional knowledge
and skills, to adapt to the needs of the development of the Company. In addition to participation in regular
trainings held by regulatory organizations and self-regulatory organizations and complete required ongoing
trainings, the Office of the Board also prepared the Work Newsletter of the Company regularly and sent it
to the Directors to enable them to understand the latest policies and regulations and industrial trends and
enhance their knowledge and understanding of the culture and operation of the Company. In addition,
the Company continuously improved the internal work procedures, established the multi-level information




                                                                                                                    153
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          communication mechanism, and set up the information communication platform, in order to ensure the
          access to information for Directors to perform their duties and constantly improve their overall performance
          capability.


          During the Reporting Period, the main trainings of the Directors of the Company were as follows:


          Director                                                                                    Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                      Location

                                                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  China Association for Special training on results briefing of listed
                     2022-03-30                                                                        (network video
                                  Public Companies      companies
                                                                                                       training)

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-04-01   Clifford Chance                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                     2022-06-16                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   laundering legislation

          Zhang                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-07-19   Clifford Chance                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
          Wei                                            the Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-11-18   Clifford Chance                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
                     2022-12-09                                                                       (network video
                                  for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu
                                                                                                      training)

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2022-12-16                          Anti-corruption training                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.

                                                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  China Association for Special training on results briefing of listed
                     2022-03-30                                                                        (network video
                                  Public Companies      companies
                                                                                                       training)

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-04-01   Clifford Chance                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                     2022-06-16                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
          Zhou Yi    2022-07-19   Clifford Chance                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-11-18   Clifford Chance                                                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
                     2022-12-09                                                                       (network video
                                  for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu
                                                                                                      training)

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2022-12-16                          Anti-corruption training                     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.




154
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Director                                                                                    Training
Name       Date          Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2022-04-01    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                the Hong Kong capital market

                         Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
           2022-06-16                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2022-07-19    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                the Hong Kong capital market

                                                                                                                        About Us
                                            Analysis on the standards for performance
                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      China Association for of duties and compliant transactions
           2022-09-29                                                                 (network video
                      Public Companies      by directors, supervisors and senior
                                                                                      training)
Ding                                        management of listed companies
Feng                                            Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2022-11-18    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                the Hong Kong capital market

           2022-12-01                          Explanation on the key points of the         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         China Association for

                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
           to 2022-12-                         compliance governance of listed              (network video
                         Public Companies
           12                                  companies                                    training)



                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
           2022-12-09                                                                       (network video
                         for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu
                                                                                            training)

                         Huatai Securities Co.,
           2022-12-16                           Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2022-07-19    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                the Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                            Analysis on the standards for performance
                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      China Association for of duties and compliant transactions
           2022-09-29                                                                 (network video
                      Public Companies      by directors, supervisors and senior
                                                                                      training)
                                            management of listed companies

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2022-11-18    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
Chen                                            the Hong Kong capital market
Zhongyang 2022-12-01                           Explanation on the key points of the         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         China Association for
           to 2022-12-                         compliance governance of listed              (network video
                         Public Companies
           12                                  companies                                    training)



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
           2022-12-09                                                                       (network video
                         for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu
                                                                                            training)



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                         Huatai Securities Co.,
           2022-12-16                           Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.




                                                                                                               155
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                    Training
          Name       Date          Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-04-01    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                   Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                     2022-06-16                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-07-19    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                                      Analysis on the standards for performance
                                                                                                Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                China Association for of duties and compliant transactions
                     2022-09-29                                                                 (network video
                                Public Companies      by directors, supervisors and senior
                                                                                                training)
                                                      management of listed companies
          Ke Xiang
                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-11-18    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                     2022-12-01                          Explanation on the key points of the         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   China Association for
                     to 2022-12-                         compliance governance of listed              (network video
                                   Public Companies
                     12                                  companies                                    training)

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
                     2022-12-09                                                                       (network video
                                   for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu
                                                                                                      training)

                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2022-12-16                           Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-04-01    Clifford Chance                                                    Shanghai
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                   Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                     2022-06-16                                                                       Shanghai
                                   Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-07-19    Clifford Chance                                                    Shanghai
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                                      Analysis on the standards for performance
                                China Association for of duties and compliant transactions
                     2022-09-29                                                                 Shanghai
                                Public Companies      by directors, supervisors and senior
          Hu Xiao                                     management of listed companies

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-11-18    Clifford Chance                                                    Shanghai
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                     2022-12-01                          Explanation on the key points of the
                                   China Association for
                     to 2022-12-                         compliance governance of listed              Shanghai
                                   Public Companies
                     12                                  companies

                                   Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
                     2022-12-09                                                                       Shanghai
                                   for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu

                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2022-12-16                           Anti-corruption training                    Shanghai
                                   Ltd.




156
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Director                                                                                    Training
Name       Date          Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                                Introduction to the responsibility of
                                                directors under Hong Kong laws and
                                                regulations and related laws and
                                                regulations

                                                Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A
                                                Guide on Directors’ Duties


                                                                                                                        About Us
                                                Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Guidance
Zhang                                           for Boards and Directors
           2023-01-13    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
Jinxin                                          SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                                Information

                                                SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
                                                in the context of valuations in corporate
                                                transactions



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                Introduction to the regulations on
                                                connected transactions and notifiable
                                                transactions

                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2022-04-01    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                the Hong Kong capital market

                         Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
           2022-06-16                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2022-07-19    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                the Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                            Analysis on the standards for performance
                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                      China Association for of duties and compliant transactions
           2022-09-29                                                                 (network video
                      Public Companies      by directors, supervisors and senior
                                                                                      training)
Yin                                         management of listed companies
Lihong                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2022-11-18    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                the Hong Kong capital market

           2022-12-01                          Explanation on the key points of the         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         China Association for
           to 2022-12-                         compliance governance of listed              (network video
                         Public Companies
           12                                  companies                                    training)



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                                                            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
           2022-12-09                                                                       (network video
                         for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu
                                                                                            training)



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                         Huatai Securities Co.,
           2022-12-16                           Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.




                                                                                                               157
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                    Training
          Name       Date          Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-04-01    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                   Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                     2022-06-16                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-07-19    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                                      Analysis on the standards for performance
                                                                                                Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                China Association for of duties and compliant transactions
                     2022-09-29                                                                 (network video
                                Public Companies      by directors, supervisors and senior
                                                                                                training)
                                                      management of listed companies

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
          Wang       2022-11-18    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market
          Jianwen
                     2022-12-01                          Explanation on the key point of the          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   China Association for
                     to 2022-12-                         compliance governance of listed              (network video
                                   Public Companies
                     12                                  companies                                    training)

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
                     2022-12-09                                                                       (network video
                                   for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu
                                                                                                      training)

                     2022-12-09                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          Follow-up training for independent
                     to 2022-12-   SSE                                                                (network video
                                                          directors of listed companies
                     23                                                                               training)

                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2022-12-16                           Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-07-19    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                                      Analysis on the standards for performance
                                                                                                Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                China Association for of duties and compliant transactions
                     2022-09-29                                                                 (network video
                                Public Companies      by directors, supervisors and senior
                                                                                                training)
                                                      management of listed companies

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2022-11-18    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                    2022-12-01                           Explanation on the key points of the         Nanjing, Jiangsu
          Wang                     China Association for
                    to 2022-12-                          compliance governance of listed              (network video
          Quansheng                Public Companies
                    12                                   companies                                    training)

                                                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Jiangsu Association Training for senior management of listed
                     2022-12-09                                                                       (network video
                                   for Public Companies companies in Jiangsu
                                                                                                      training)

                     2022-12-09                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          Follow-up training for independent
                     to 2022-12-   SSE                                                                (network video
                                                          directors of listed companies
                     23                                                                               training)

                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2022-12-16                           Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.




158
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Director                                                                              Training
Name       Date         Organizer         Content                                     Location

                                          Introduction to the responsibility of
                                          directors under Hong Kong laws and
                                          regulations and related laws and
                                          regulations
                                          Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A
                                          Guide on Directors’ Duties
                                          Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Guidance

                                                                                                                  About Us
Peng                                      for Boards and Directors
           2023-01-13   Clifford Chance                                               Beijing
Bing                                      SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                          Information
                                          SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
                                          in the context of valuations in corporate
                                          transactions
                                          Introduction to the regulations on
                                          connected transactions and notifiable

                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                          transactions

                                          Introduction to the responsibility of


                                                                                                                and Strategies
                                          directors under Hong Kong laws and
                                          regulations and related laws and
                                          regulations
                                          Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A
                                          Guide on Directors’ Duties
                                          Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Guidance
Wang                                      for Boards and Directors




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
           2023-01-13   Clifford Chance                                               Nanjing, Jiangsu
Bing                                      SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                          Information
                                          SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
                                          in the context of valuations in corporate
                                          transactions
                                          Introduction to the regulations on
                                          connected transactions and notifiable
                                          transactions

                                          Introduction to the responsibility of
                                          directors under Hong Kong laws and



                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                                          regulations and related laws and
                                          regulations
                                          Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A



                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                                          Guide on Directors’ Duties
                                          Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Guidance
Tse Yung                                  for Boards and Directors
         2023-01-13     Clifford Chance                                               Hong Kong
Hoi                                       SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                          Information
                                          SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
                                          in the context of valuations in corporate
                                          transactions
                                          Introduction to the regulations on
                                          connected transactions and notifiable
                                          transactions




                                                                                                         159
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

          Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are two different positions, and according to the provisions of the
          Articles of Association, the chairman is the legal representative of the Company, responsible for managing
          the operations of the Board, ensuring that the Board acts in compliance with the best interests of the
          Company, ensuring the effective operation of the Board, ensuring that the Board has fulfilled its due duties
          and discussions about all significant and appropriate matters are held so that Directors get accurate, timely
          and explicit data. Chief Executive Officer manages the daily work of the Company, attends Board meetings,
          reports to the Board and exercises the functions and powers according to the responsibility scope of the
          Chief Executive Officer.

          According to provisions of Rule C.2.1 of Corporate Governance Code, the roles of the chairman of the board
          and chief executive shall be separate and should not be performed by the same individual at the same
          time. On December 30, 2022, at the first meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company elected Mr.
          Zhang Wei as the chairman of the sixth session of the Board and continued to hire Mr. Zhou Yi as the Chief
          Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company. The Board thinks that this
          management structure is effective and has enough checks and balances for the Company’s operation.

          3. Non-executive Directors

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 5 non-executive Directors and 5 independent non-
          executive Directors. For details of their terms of office, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure
          and remuneration of current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
          Reporting Period” under “Directors, Supervisors and senior management” under “Corporate Governance” in
          this report.

          4. Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors

          (1) Works regarding periodic reports

          In the annual report compilation process, all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have
          performed full duties according to the requirements of the CSRC and the provisions of the Working System
          for Independent Directors of the Company.

          On January 18, 2022, at the first meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2022, the
          Audit Committee listened to the report on the arrangement of audit progress of the audit work in 2021, the
          focus of annual audit and the situation of pre-audit made by relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP,
          and made discussion and communication with relevant personnel from KPMG Huazhen LLP. Two out of the
          three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who put forward opinions
          and suggestions to the supplement and perfection of the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2021 from
          different perspectives in their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive
          Directors.

          On February 25, 2022, at the second meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for
          2022, the Audit Committee considered and approved the Resolution on the Auditing Plan of the Company
          for 2021. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors,
          who examined the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2021 from different perspectives in their roles as
          members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

          On March 29, 2022, at the third meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2022, the
          Audit Committee examined the Company’s Annual Financial Statement in 2021, Annual Report in 2021, Annual
          Internal Control Evaluation Report in 2021, Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee of the
          Board in 2021 and Internal Audit Work Plan in 2022, etc., reviewed the “Key Audit Matters” and other important
          issues involved in the Company’s 2021 Annual Audit Report, and listened to the report on the internal audit
          work of the Company in 2021. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-
          executive Directors, who examined relevant resolutions and gave opinions from different perspectives in
          their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.




160
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
On August 3, 2022, at the fifth meeting of the Audit Committee of the fifth session of the Board for 2022, the
Audit Committee listened to the report on the review of 2022 interim financial statements of the Company’s
H+G Shares and the audit plan of the Company’s 2022 A+H+G Share annual report made by relevant
personnel from Deloitte, and made discussion and communication with relevant personnel from Deloitte.
Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who made
discussions, exchanged views and made comments and suggestions from different perspectives in their
roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

(2) Consideration on related-party transactions

On March 30, 2022, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave independent opinions
on the Proposal on the Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2022. They were of the               About Us
opinion that the relevant related-party transactions were fair with reference to the market price for pricing
the transactions without compromising the interests of the Company and other shareholders; the relevant
related-party transactions were all derived in the ordinary operation of the Company and would help carry
out the businesses of the Company and bring certain income to the Company; the procedures for approval
for relevant related-party transactions complied with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents
as well as the Articles of Association and the Management System for Related-party Transactions of the
Company.


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
(3) Other performance of duties



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
On March 30, 2022, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave special clarification
and independent opinions on external guarantees carried out by the Company in 2021, gave special
clarification and independent opinions on fund intercourse between the Company and the controlling
shareholders and other related parties, gave independent opinions on the Proposal on Profit Distribution
of the Company in 2021, gave independent opinions on Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of the
Company in 2021, gave independent opinions on the change of the accounting firm, gave independent
opinions on the repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares and gave independent
opinions on the nomination of the candidates for Directors of the fifth session of the Board of the Company.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
On April 8, 2022, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave independent opinions
on the appointment of Mr. Han Zhencong as a member of the Executive Committee and chief information
officer of the Company. On November 28, 2022, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company
gave independent opinions on the nomination of the candidates for Directors of the sixth session of the
Board of the Company. On December 30, 2022, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company
gave independent opinions on the appointment of the Company’s senior management at the sixth session
of the Board of the Company, and gave independent opinions on the public issuance of Shares by way of
Rights Issue of the Company and the Shareholders’ interim return plan (2023-2025) of the Company.



VIII. SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

(I) Members of the special committees of the Board                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Five special committees, namely, Development Strategy Committee, Compliance and Risk Management
Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were
established under the Board, members of which were as follows:

The Development Strategy Committee (a total of five members): Zhang Wei, Zhou Yi, Chen Zhongyang,
Hu Xiao and Zhang Jinxin and Mr. Zhang Wei is the chairman (convener) of the Development Strategy
Committee;

The Compliance and Risk Management Committee (a total of three members): Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang
Jianwen and Mr. Zhou Yi is the chairman (convener) of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee;

The Audit Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors accounting
for more than 1/2): Wang Bing, Ding Feng and Tse Yung Hoi and Mr. Wang Bing is the chairman (convener) of




                                                                                                                 161
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the Audit Committee;

          The Nomination Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors
          accounting for more than 1/2): Wang Quansheng, Yin Lihong and Peng Bing and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the
          chairman (convener) of the Nomination Committee;

          The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (a total of three members, all are independent non-executive
          Directors): Wang Quansheng, Peng Bing and Wang Bing and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the chairman
          (convener) of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.

          (II) Performance of duties by the special committees of the Board

          1. Development Strategy Committee of the Board

          The major duties of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board include:

          1. Understanding and grasping the overall situation of the Company’s operation; 2. Understanding,
          analyzing and grasping the current situation of international and domestic industries; 3. Understanding
          and grasping the relevant domestic policies; 4. Studying the short-term, medium-term and long-term
          development strategies of the Company or relevant issues; 5. Providing consultancy advice on the
          Company’s long-term development strategies, major investments, reforms and other major decisions,
          and promoting the deep integration of the Company’s cultural concept and the Company’s development
          strategies; 6. Considering and approving the special research reports on development strategies; 7.
          Publishing daily research reports in a regular or irregular manner; 8. Other duties assigned by the Board.



          During the Reporting Period, the Development Strategy Committee of the Board convened a total of two
          meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                                     Convening                        Important comments Other conditions on
          Meeting name               date      Meeting contents       and suggestions    execution of duty

                                                To consider and        The Development
          The first meeting of the
                                                approve the resolution Strategy Committee
          Development Strategy                                                               The meeting was
                                     June 2,    on the Company’s       considered and
          Committee of the fifth                                                             convened by way of
                                     2022       2021 annual report     approved the
          session of the Board for                                                           teleconference
                                                of the practice of     resolution at the
          2022
                                                cultural construction meeting

                                                 To consider and
                                                 approve the resolution
                                                                        The Development
          The second meeting                     on amendments
                                                                        Strategy Committee
          of the Development                     to the Terms of                             The meeting was
                                     October 27,                        considered and
          Strategy Committee of                  Reference of the                            convened by way of
                                     2022                               approved the
          the fifth session of the               Special Committees                          teleconference
                                                                        resolution at the
          Board for 2022                         of the Board of
                                                                        meeting
                                                 Directors of Huatai
                                                 Securities Co., Ltd.




162
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Attendance of members of the Development Strategy Committee at the meetings held during the
Reporting Period was as follows:


                                                                                                  Attendance in person/Number of
Name                                                   Position                                     meetings requiring attendance

                                                       Chairman of the Board of
Zhang Wei (chairman and convener)                                                                                                         2/2
                                                       Directors

Zhou Yi                                                Executive Director                                                                 2/2


                                                                                                                                                           About Us
Chen Zhongyang                                         Non-executive Director                                                              1/1

Hu Xiao                                                Non-executive Director                                                             2/2

Zhang Jinxin                                           Non-executive Director                                                             -/-

                                                       Non-executive Director
Chen Yongbing                                                                                                                              1/1
                                                       (resigned)

                                                       Non-executive Director

                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Wang Tao                                                                                                                                  -/-
                                                       (resigned)




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Note: On December 30, 2022, at the first meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, the Resolution on the Composition of Special
Committees under the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was considered and approved. The members of the Development Strategy
Committee included Zhang Wei, Zhou Yi, Chen Zhongyang, Hu Xiao and Zhang Jinxin, and Mr. Zhang Wei is the chairman (convener) of the
Development Strategy Committee.



2. Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
making recommendations on the overall targets and fundamental policies of compliance management
and risk management; 2. Reviewing and making recommendations on the setup of compliance
management and risk management bodies and their duties; 3. Evaluating and making recommendations
on the risks of major decisions which require the Board’s review as well as the solutions to these risks; 4.
Reviewing and making recommendations on the compliance reports and risk assessment reports that
require the Board’s review; 5. Other duties prescribed in the Articles of Association.

During the Reporting Period, the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board convened four
meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                                                                                                                          Other



                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                                                                Important                 conditions on
                        Convening                                                               comments and              execution of
Meeting name            date      Meeting contents                                              suggestions               duty




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                  1. To consider and approve the Resolution
                                  on the Annual Compliance Report of the
The first
                                  Company in 2021                           The Compliance
meeting of the
                                  2. To consider and approve the Resolution and Risk
Compliance
                                  on the Annual Risk Management Report of Management                                      The meeting
and Risk
                        March 30, the Company in 2021                       Committee                                     was convened
Management
                        2022      3. To consider and approve the Resolution considered and                                by way of
Committee of
                                  on the 2021 Annual Internal Control       approved the                                  teleconference
the fifth session
                                  Evaluation Report of the Company          resolutions at the
of the Board for
                                  4. To consider and approve the Self-      meeting
2022
                                  assessment Report on Money Laundering
                                  Risk of the Company




                                                                                                                                                  163
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                    Other
                                                                                                          Important                 conditions on
                                  Convening                                                               comments and              execution of
          Meeting name            date      Meeting contents                                              suggestions               duty

          The second
                                                                                                          The Compliance
          meeting of the
                                                                                                          and Risk
          Compliance                             To consider and approve the Resolution
                                                                                                          Management                The meeting
          and Risk                               on Amendments to the Basic System
                                  June 22,                                                                Committee                 was convened
          Management                             for Anti- money Laundering and Anti-
                                  2022                                                                    considered and            by way of
          Committee of                           terrorism Financing of Huatai Securities
                                                                                                          approved the              teleconference
          the fifth session                      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          resolution at the
          of the Board for
                                                                                                          meeting
          2022

          The third
                                                                                      The Compliance
          meeting of the
                                                                                      and Risk
          Compliance
                                                                                      Management                                    The meeting
          and Risk                           To consider and approve the Resolution
                                  August 29,                                          Committee                                     was convened
          Management                         on the 2022 Interim Compliance Report of
                                  2022                                                considered and                                by way of
          Committee of                       the Company
                                                                                      approved the                                  teleconference
          the fifth session
                                                                                      resolution at the
          of the Board for
                                                                                      meeting
          2022

          The fourth
                                                                                    The Compliance
          meeting of the
                                                                                    and Risk
          Compliance                       To consider and approve the Resolution
                                                                                    Management                                      The meeting
          and Risk                         on the Engagement of the External
                                  December                                          Committee                                       was convened
          Management                       Evaluation Institution for Compliance
                                  30, 2022                                          considered and                                  by way of
          Committee of                     Management Effectiveness for 2022 of the
                                                                                    approved the                                    teleconference
          the fifth session                Company
                                                                                    resolution at the
          of the Board for
                                                                                    meeting
          2022




          Attendance of members of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee at the meetings held during
          the Reporting Period was as follows:


                                                                                                            Attendance in person/Number of
          Name                                                   Position                                     meetings requiring attendance

          Zhou Yi (chairman and convener)                        Executive Director                                                                 4/4

          Ke Xiang                                               Non-executive Director                                                             4/4

                                                                 Independent Non-executive
          Wang Jianwen                                                                                                                              4/4
                                                                 Director


          Note: On December 30, 2022, at the first meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, the Resolution on the Composition of Special
          Committees under the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was considered and approved. The members of the Compliance and Risk
          Management Committee included Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang Jianwen, and Mr. Zhou Yi is the chairman (convener) of the Compliance and Risk
          Management Committee.




164
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
3. Audit Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Board include: 1. Supervising and guiding the audit work.
It shall manage and guide the internal audit work planning and audit team construction, regularly listen
to and review the comprehensive report of audit work, annual audit plan and important audit reports,
make judgements on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the audited financial report, and
submit them to the Board for reviewing. It shall supervise the Company’s financial statement and the
completeness of the Company’s annual report and account, interim report and quarterly report and
review statements as well as major opinions on financial declaration in reports. The Committee shall
pay special attention to the following matters: ① Changes in accounting policies and practices; ② Matters

                                                                                                                            About Us
concerning significant judgment; ③ Significant adjustments due to the audit; ④ Assumptions of on-going
operations of the Company and its qualified opinions; ⑤ Compliance with the accounting standards;
and ⑥ Compliance with the listing rules or relevant laws and regulations of the listing place where the
financial reporting shall be made; 2. Proposing the engagement or changing of external audit institutions
and supervising the professional conduct of external audit institutions, so as to ensure the coordination
of internal and external auditors. Moreover, it shall also ensure that the internal audit institution is given
enough resources for operation and appropriate status within the Company and check and supervise its
validity; 3. Considering and putting forward suggestions for the appointment, reappointment, remuneration,
appointment terms and any other issues about the resignation or dismissal of external auditors. It

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
shall hold the position as the main representative between the Company and the external auditor and
supervise their relationship; 4. Discussing with the external auditors about the nature, scope and relevant


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
responsibility of audit and frequently check if the audit procedure is valid and whether the external auditor
is objective and independent before carrying out the audit work; 5. Checking the Explanation Letter on
Audit offered by external auditors to the management and any major doubts put forward by the auditors
to the management about the accounting record, financial account or monitoring system as well as the
response of the management and ensure that the Board can timely reply to issues put forward in the
Explanation Letter on Audit offered by external auditors to the management; 6. Checking and monitoring
the Company’s financial supervision, risk management and internal monitoring system and check the
financial and accounting policies and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries; 7. Discussing




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
the risk management and internal supervision system with the management so as to ensure that the
management has performed its duty and established a valid internal supervision system and strengthened
its responsibility on the rectification of accountability and the improvement of mechanism; studying the
important investigation results and responses of the management related to risk management and internal
supervision system actively or as assigned by the Board of Directors; 8. Reporting the above issues to
the Board; 9. Checking the Company’s following arrangement: Employees of the Company may secretly
raise concerns on irregular conducts about financial reporting, internal monitoring, or other aspects. The
Audit Committee shall ensure that there is appropriate arrangement for the Company to make fair and
independent investigation and take appropriate actions on such issues; 10. Studying other projects defined
by the Board; 11. Other responsibilities according to the Company’s Articles of Association or the Listing rules




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
or laws and regulations of the place where the Company is listed.




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   165
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the Board convened seven meetings, the details of
          which were as follows:


          Meeting       Convening                                      Important comments     Other conditions on
          name          date      Meeting contents                     and suggestions        execution of duty

                                                                     Committee member
                                                                     Chen Zhibin consulted
                                                                     on the process of the
                                                                     internal control audit
                                                                     system. Committee
                                     To listen to the report on the  member Ding Feng
          The first                  progress of the audit work in   inquired about the focus
          meeting of                 2021, the focus of annual audit of audit. Committee
                                                                                              The meeting was
          the Audit                  and the situation of preaudit   member Au King Chi
                         January 18,                                                          convened by way
          Committee                  made by relevant personnel      advised to further
                         2022                                                                 of on-site & video
          of the fifth               from KPMG Huazhen LLP, and to formulate detailed
                                                                                              meetings
          session of the             discuss and communicate with schedule. In this regard,
          Board for 2022             relevant personnel from KPMG    relevant personnel
                                     Huazhen LLP                     of KPMG Huazhen LLP
                                                                     and the Planning and
                                                                     Finance Department
                                                                     of the Company made
                                                                     records and detailed
                                                                     explanations

          The second
          meeting of
                                                                       The Audit Committee
          the Audit                  To consider and approve the                               The meeting was
                         February                                      considered and
          Committee                  Resolution on the Auditing Plan                           convened by way of
                         25, 2022                                      approved the resolution
          of the fifth               of the Company for 2021                                   teleconference
                                                                       at the meeting
          session of the
          Board for 2022




166
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Meeting       Convening                                       Important comments         Other conditions on
name          date      Meeting contents                      and suggestions            execution of duty

                           1. To consider and approve the
                           Final Financial Report of the
                           Company for 2021
                           2. To consider and approve the
                                                               The Audit Committee
                           Financial Budget Report of the
                                                               considered and
                           Company for 2022
                                                               approved the resolutions
                           3. To consider and approve the

                                                                                                                        About Us
                                                               at the meeting.
                           Proposal on the Profit Distribution
                                                               Committee member
                           Plan of the Company for 2021
                                                               Chen Zhibin inquired
                           4. To consider and approve
                                                               about accounting
                           the Resolution on the Annual
                                                               policies on specific
                           Financial Statements of the
                                                               business during the
                           Company for 2021
                                                               statement accounting
                           5. To consider and approve the
                                                               process; Director Au King
                           Proposal on the Annual Report
                                                               Chi proposed that the


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                           of the Company for 2021
                                                               regulation of accounting
                           6. To consider and approve
                                                               firms of Hong Kong
                           the Resolution on the Internal


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                               listed companies be
The third                  Control Assessment Report of
                                                               transferred from the
meeting of                 the Company for 2021
                                                               Hong Kong Institute        The meeting was
the Audit                  7. To consider and approve
               March 29,                                       of Certified Public        convened by way
Committee                  the Proposal on the Estimated
               2022                                            Accountants to the         of on-site & video
of the fifth               Ordinary Transactions with
                                                               Accounting and             meetings
session of the             Related Parties of the Company
                                                               Financial Reporting
Board for 2022             for 2022
                                                               Council, and suggested




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                           8. To consider and approve
                                                               that the Company could
                           the Proposal on the Change of
                                                               also inquire about the
                           Accounting Firm;
                                                               important matters of
                           9. To consider and approve the
                                                               audit institutions through
                           Report on Performance of Duties
                                                               the Accounting and
                           of Audit Committee under the
                                                               Financial Reporting
                           Board of the Company for 2021
                                                               Council. In this regard,
                           10. To consider and approve the
                                                               relevant personnel
                           Work Plan for the Internal Audit
                                                               of KPMG Huazhen LLP
                           of the Company for 2022
                                                               and the Planning and
                           11. To review the Important
                                                               Finance Department



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                           Matters Involved in the “Key
                                                               of the Company made
                           Audit Matters” as Set Out in
                                                               detailed explanations
                           the Annual Audit Report of the
                                                               and records



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                           Company for 2021
                           12. Debriefing in Relation to the
                           Internal Audit Report of the
                           Company for 2021




                                                                                                               167
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Meeting         Convening                                     Important comments        Other conditions on
          name            date      Meeting contents                    and suggestions           execution of duty

          The fourth
          meeting of
                                      To consider and approve the       The Audit Committee
          the Audit                                                                             The meeting was
                         April 28,    Resolution on the Financial       considered and
          Committee                                                                             convened by way of
                         2022         Statements for January to         approved the resolution
          of the fifth                                                                          teleconference
                                      March 2022 of the Company         at the meeting
          session of the
          Board for 2022

                                                                        The Audit Committee
                                                                        considered and
                                                                        approved the resolution
                                                                        at the meeting.
                                                                        Committee member
                                                                        Chen Zhibin suggested
                                      To listen to the report on the
                                                                        taking note of the
          The fifth                   2022 mid-term review of the
                                                                        applicability of new
          meeting of                  Company’s H+G Share and
                                                                        accounting standards      The meeting was
          the Audit                   the Company’s 2022 A+H+G
                         August 3,                                      and historical standards; convened by way
          Committee                   Share annual audit plan made
                         2022                                           committee member          of on-site & video
          of the fifth                by relevant personnel from
                                                                        Au King Chi inquired      meetings
          session of the              Deloitte, and to discuss and
                                                                        about the handover of
          Board for 2022              communicate with relevant
                                                                        the accounting firm.
                                      personnel from Deloitte
                                                                        Relevant personnel of
                                                                        Deloitte and the Planning
                                                                        and Finance Department
                                                                        of the Company made
                                                                        detailed explanations
                                                                        and records

                                      1. To consider and approve the
                                      Resolution on the Financial
                                      Statement of the Company in
                                      the First Half of 2022
          The sixth
                                      2. To consider and approve the
          meeting of
                                      Resolution on Interim Report of   The Audit Committee
          the Audit                                                                              The meeting was
                         August 29,   the Company in 2022               considered and
          Committee                                                                              convened by way of
                         2022         3. To consider and approve        approved the resolutions
          of the fifth                                                                           teleconference
                                      the Special Audit Report on the   at the meeting
          session of the
                                      Use of Proceeds, Provision of
          Board for 2022
                                      Guarantees and Related-party
                                      Transactions and Other Major
                                      Events of the Company in the
                                      First Half of 2022

          The seventh
          meeting of                 To consider and approve the
                                                                        The Audit Committee
          the Audit                  Resolution on the Financial                                The meeting was
                         October 27,                                    considered and
          Committee                  Statements for January to                                  convened by way of
                         2022                                           approved the resolution
          of the fifth               September of 2022 of the                                   teleconference
                                                                        at the meeting
          session of the             Company
          Board for 2022




168
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Attendance of the members of the Audit Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting Period was
as follows:


                                                                                             Attendance in person/Number of
Name                                           Position                                        meetings requiring attendance

                                               Independent Non-executive
Wang Bing(chairman and convener)                                                                                                   -/-
                                               Director

Ding Feng                                      Non-executive Director                                                              5/7


                                                                                                                                                    About Us
                                               Independent Non-executive
Tse Yung Hoi                                                                                                                       -/-
                                               Director

                                               Independent Non-executive
Chen Zhibin                                                                                                                        7/7
                                               Director (resigned)

                                               Independent Non-executive
AU King Chi                                                                                                                        7/7
                                               Director (resigned)



                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Note: The sixth session of the Board convened the first meeting on December 30, 2022, and considered and approved the Resolution on the
Composition of Special Committees under the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company. According to the resolution, Wang Bing, Ding Feng
and Tse Yung Hoi became members of the Audit Committee, and Mr. Wang Bing is the chairman (convener) of the Audit Committee.



                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
4. Nomination Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing the structure, headcount
and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least once each year and
making recommendations regarding any proposed changes in the Board in line with the Company’s
strategies; 2. Considering and making suggestions on the criteria and procedures for the selection of




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Directors and senior management members; 3. Searching for qualified candidates for Director and
senior management, and selecting from the list of candidates nominated by Directors or making
recommendations to the Board; 4. Reviewing and making suggestions on the qualification requirements
for Directors and senior management; 5. Assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors; 6. Making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of Directors
and succession planning for Directors (in particular the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer); 7. Other
responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association or as required by the Board.

The procedures to nominate and criteria to select and recommend candidates for directorship and senior
management are: in accordance with the provisions of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Rules
for the Independent Directors of Listed Companies (《上市公司獨立董事規則》) of the CSRC, Measures for the




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
Supervision and Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners of
Securities Fund Operating Institutions (《證券基金經營機構董事、監事、高級管理人員及從業人員監督管理辦法》),
the Hong Kong Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and other relevant laws, regulations and the Articles
of Association, the Nomination Committee under the Board shall base on the Company’s actual situation,



                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
study the criteria for election of the Company’s senior management officers including directors, the chief
executive officer and others, the procedures for selection and term of the office and submit such resolution
once made to the Board for approval. It then follows and implements the resolution. Selection procedures
are: 1. the Nomination Committee shall actively exchange opinions with the relevant departments of the
Company, study the Company’s requirements for the senior management officers including directors, the
chief executive officer and others and shall prepare materials in written form; 2. the Nomination Committee
may search for the candidates for the senior management officers including directors, the chief executive
officer and others both from and within the Company and a controlling (shareholding) enterprise, and out
of the Company; 3. to collect data of the natural condition of the preliminarily screened candidate and his/
her morality, ability, diligence and performance, and prepare written information; 4. to obtain the consent
of the nominee regarding the nomination or else the nominee cannot act as a candidate for a senior




                                                                                                                                           169
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          management officer including a director, the chief executive officer and others; 5. to convene a meeting
          of the Nomination Committee and to examine the qualifications of the preliminarily selected candidates
          based on the appointment criteria for senior management officers including directors, the chief executive
          officer and others; 6. one to two months prior to the election of new directors and appointment of new
          senior management officers including the chief executive officer and others, to submit to the Board the
          suggestion on the candidates for directors and the candidates for newly hired senior management officers
          including the chief executive officer and others and the relevant materials; 7. other follow-up work is to be
          carried out pursuant to the decision and feedback of the Board.



          During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee of the Board convened four meetings, the details
          of which were as follows:


                              Convening                                    Important comments      Other conditions on
          Meeting name        date      Meeting contents                   and suggestions         execution of duty

                                           1. To consider and approve
                                           the Resolution on the
                                           Election of Nonindependent
          The first meeting                Directors of the Fifth Session The Nomination
          of the Nomination                of the Board of the Company Committee considered        The meeting was
                               March 29,
          Committee of the                                                and approved the         convened by way of
                               2022        2. To consider and approve resolutions at the
          fifth session of the                                                                     teleconference
          Board for 2022                   the Resolution on the          meeting
                                           Election of an Independent
                                           Director of the Fifth Session
                                           of the Board of the Company

                                             To consider and approve
          The second
                                             the Resolution on the
          meeting of the                                                   The Nomination
                                             Appointment of Mr. Han                                  The meeting was
          Nomination                                                       Committee considered
                               April 8, 2022 Zhencong as a Member of                                 convened by way of
          Committee of the                                                 and approved the
                                             the Executive Committee                                 teleconference
          fifth session of the                                             resolution at the meeting
                                             and chief information officer
          Board for 2022
                                             of the Company

                                           1. To consider and approve
                                           the Resolution on the
                                           Election of Nonindependent
          The third meeting                Directors of the Sixth      The Nomination
          of the Nomination                Session of the Board of the Committee considered        The meeting was
                               November    Company
          Committee of the                                             and approved the            convened by way of
                               28, 2022
          fifth session of the             2. To consider and approve resolutions at the           teleconference
          Board for 2022                   the Resolution on the       meeting
                                           Election of an Independent
                                           Director of the Sixth Session
                                           of the Board of the Company

          The fourth
                                           To consider and approve
          meeting of the                                                   The Nomination
                                           the Resolution on the                                     The meeting was
          Nomination           December                                    Committee considered
                                           Appointment of Senior                                     convened by way of
          Committee of the 30, 2022                                        and approved the
                                           Management of the                                         teleconference
          fifth session of the                                             resolution at the meeting
                                           Company
          Board for 2022




170
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Attendance of the members of the Nomination Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting
Period:


                                                                                                  Attendance in person/Number of
Name                                              Position                                          meetings requiring attendance

Wang Quansheng (chairman and                      Independent Non-executive
                                                                                                                                          2/2
convener)                                         Director

Yin Lihong                                        Executive Director                                                                      2/2


                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                  Independent Non-executive
Peng Bing                                                                                                                                 -/-
                                                  Director

                                                  Independent Non-executive
Chen Chuanming                                                                                                                            2/2
                                                  Director (resigned)

Zhu Xuebo                                         Executive Director (resigned)                                                           2/2

                                                  Independent Non-executive
Liu Yan                                                                                                                                  4/4


                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                  Director (resigned)




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Note: On December 30, 2022, at the first meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, the Resolution on the Composition of Special
Committees under the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was considered and approved. The members of the Nomination Committee
included Wang Quansheng, Yin Lihong and Peng Bing, and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the chairman (convener) of the Nomination Committee.




5. Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
providing opinions on the appraisal and remuneration management system for Directors and senior




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
management, and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s overall policy and structure
for the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure to develop remuneration policy; 2. Reviewing and approving the management’s
remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; 3. Conducting
assessment on and making recommendations to the Directors and senior management: making
recommendations on the remuneration packages, including benefits in kind, pensions and compensation
payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of office or appointment), for
certain executive Directors and senior management, and making recommendations to the Board on
the remuneration of non-executive Directors; 4. Considering salaries paid by comparable companies,
time commitment and responsibilities and engagement condition elsewhere in the Group; 5. Reviewing
and approving compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with the relevant contractual terms.
In case of inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be fair and not be
excessive; 6. Reviewing and approving compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with the contractual terms. In case of
inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be reasonable and appropriate; 7.
Ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in determining their own remuneration; and
8. Other responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association.




                                                                                                                                                  171
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board convened two
          meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                                    Convening                                              Important comments                Other conditions on
          Meeting name              date      Meeting contents                             and suggestions                   execution of duty

                                                    1. To consider and
                                                    approve the Report on
                                                    Performance Assessment
          The first                                 and Remuneration of the
          meeting of the                            Directors of the Company               The Remuneration
          Remuneration                              in 2021                                and Appraisal
                                                                                                                             The meeting was
          and Appraisal             March 29,                                              Committee considered
                                                    2. To consider and                                                       convened by way of
          Committee of              2022                                                   and approved the
                                                    approve the Report                                                       teleconference
          the fifth session                                                                resolutions at the
          of the Board for                          on Execution of Duty,                  meeting
          2022                                      Performance Assessment
                                                    and Remuneration of the
                                                    Senior Management of the
                                                    Company in 2021

          The second
          meeting of the                            To consider and approve
                                                                                           The Remuneration and
          Remuneration                              the Resolution in Relation to
                                                                                           Appraisal Committee     The meeting was
          and Appraisal             August 29,      the Performance Plan and
                                                                                           considered and          convened by way of
          Committee of              2022            Target of the Company’s
                                                                                           approved the resolution teleconference
          the fifth session                         Senior Management for
                                                                                           at the meeting
          of the Board for                          2022
          2022



          Attendance of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee at the meetings held during
          the Reporting Period:


                                                                                                                          Attendance in person/
                                                                                                                            Number of meetings
          Name                                                   Position                                                  requiring attendance

          Wang Quansheng (chairman and
                                                                 Independent Non-executive Director                                                  1/1
          convener)

          Peng Bing                                              Independent Non-executive Director                                                 -/-

          Wang Bing                                              Independent Non-executive Director                                                 -/-

                                                                 Independent Non-executive Director
          Chen Chuanming                                                                                                                             1/1
                                                                 (resigned)

                                                                 Independent Non-executive Director
          Liu Yan                                                                                                                                   2/2
                                                                 (resigned)

                                                                 Independent Non-executive Director
          Chen Zhibin                                                                                                                               2/2
                                                                 (resigned)


          Note: On December 30, 2022, at the first meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, the Resolution on the Composition of Special
          Committees under the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was considered and approved. The members of Remuneration and Appraisal
          Committee included Wang Quansheng, Peng Bing and Wang Bing, and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the chairman (convener) of the Remuneration
          and Appraisal Committee.




172
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
IX. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF SUPERVISORS

The Supervisory Committee is the Company’s supervisory body and is accountable to the Shareholders’
general meeting. The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the financial activities and
internal control of the Company, and supervising the legality and compliance of the performance of duties
by the Board of Directors, operating management and its members in accordance with the Company Law
and the Articles of Association.

In 2022, the Supervisory Committee of the Company complied with the relevant provisions of the Company
Law, the Securities Law, the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for the Supervisory Committee

                                                                                                                                                  About Us
and other relevant regulations, to conscientiously perform and independently exercise the supervisory
powers and duties of the Supervisory Committee. In the spirit of being responsible to all shareholders,
the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the Company’s operating activities, financial position,
major decisions of the Board of Directors and the legality and compliance of the performance of duties by
operating management. It actively protects the interests of the Company and the shareholders, and escorts
the healthy and long-term development of the Company.

(I) Performance of duties by Supervisors


                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company held 6 meetings in total. For
relevant information, please refer to “VI. Meetings of the Supervisory Committee Convened During the


                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
Reporting Period” in this section.

During the Reporting Period, all the supervisors of the Company attended the meetings of the Supervisory
Committee, the Board of Directors, and the Shareholders’ general meetings, the details of which were as
follows:
                                            Attendance at meetings of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                               Whether or not
                               Number of                                                                                   Attendance
                                                                                                he/ she failed
Name of                       meetings of                                                                                       at the




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
             Position                                      Attendance                            to attend the
Supervisor                    Supervisory Attendance                    Attendance                                             general
                                                          in the way of             Absence         meeting in Attendance
                              Committee      in person                     by proxy                                           meeting
                                                       teleconference                          person for two     at Board
                                 requiring
                                                                                                   successive     meeting
                              attendance
                                                                                                         times
           Chairman of
           the Supervisory
Gu         Committee,
                                       6             6               1           -         -             No            5            4
Chengzhong employee
           representative
           supervisor

Li Chongqi   Supervisor                 1            1               -           -         -             No             1           -




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Yu Lanying   Supervisor                6             4               1           2         –             No             3            1

Zhang
             Supervisor                6             4               1           2         –             No             3            1
Xiaohong




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Zhou
             Supervisor                 1            1               -           -         -             No             1           -
Hongrong

             employee
Wang Ying    representative            6             5               1            1        -             No            4            4
             supervisor

          employee
Wang Juan representative               6             6               1           -         -             No            5            4
          supervisor

Zhang Ming Supervisor                  5             3               1           2         –             No             2           –

Fan
             Supervisor                5             3               1           2         –             No             2           –
Chunyan




                                                                                                                                         173
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Number of meetings of Supervisory Committee convened during the year                                                             6

          Of which: number of meetings held on-site                                                                                        3

                     number of meetings in the way of teleconference                                                                        1

                     number of meetings held on-site and in the way of teleconference                                                      2


          Note 1: On December 28, 2022, the Supervisory Committee of the Company received the Notice on the Results of the Election of Employee
          Representative Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board and the Employee Representative Supervisors of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory
          Committee from the employee representatives’ meeting of the Company, at which Mr. Gu Chengzhong, Ms. Wang Ying and Ms. Wang Juan were
          elected as the employee representative Supervisors of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.
          Note 2: On December 30, 2022, Ms. Li Chongqi, Ms. Yu Lanying, Ms. Zhang Xiaohong and Ms. Zhou Hongrong were elected as non-employee
          representative Supervisors of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee at the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company. On the
          same day, Mr. Gu Chengzhong was elected as the chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company at the first meeting of the sixth session of
          the Supervisory Committee of the Company, with a term of office of three years from the date of consideration and approval by the sixth session of
          the Supervisory Committee (i.e. December 30, 2022).




          (II) Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened 6 meetings in total in the whole year, at
          which 20 proposals and reports were considered. The Supervisors sat in the Board meetings and general
          meetings of the Company, monitored the decision-making process on material matters on a real-time
          basis, kept abreast of the management’s implementation of the decisions made by the Board through
          carefully reading the reports of the Company, including Work Newsletter (monthly) and Brief Report on Audit
          Work (quarterly). On this basis, the Supervisory Committee gave independent opinions on the Company’s
          relevant matters as follows:

          1. Legal operation

          During the Reporting Period, the Company was under legal operation in compliance with relevant laws
          and regulations such as the Company Law, the Securities Law and the Articles of Association as well as the
          requirements of the Company’s systems. Major operational decisions of the Company were reasonable,
          and the decision-making procedures were lawful. The Company established a relatively sound internal
          management system and internal control system, under which various regulations were effectively
          implemented. During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee found no conduct violating laws,
          regulations, the Articles of Association or damaging the interests of the Company and its shareholders
          made by Directors and senior management of the Company when performing their duties, and there were
          no material risks in the Company.

          2. Financial conditions of the Company

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company regularly convened meetings
          of the Supervisory Committee to review quarterly reports, interim reports, annual financial reports, annual
          evaluation reports on internal control and other documents of the Company, and checked the business
          and financial conditions of the Company. The Supervisory Committee believed that the financial report of
          the Company for 2022 had been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
          which had issued a standard audit report without qualified opinions. The Company’s financial statements
          were prepared in compliance with the relevant requirements of the ASBE, which truly reflected the financial
          conditions and operational achievements of the Company. Regular reports were prepared and reviewed
          in compliance with relevant laws, regulations and various requirements of the CSRC, the contents of which
          were true, accurate and complete to reflect the actual conditions of the Company.

          3. Implementation of the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
          Confidentiality

          The Company established the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
          of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period,
          the Company carried out the registration and management of insider information in an orderly manner




174
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
pursuant to the policies. There were no incidents found in the Company in violation of insider registration
and management and confidentiality obligation.

4. Related-party transactions

During the Reporting Period, the related-party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, and
no circumstances impairing interests of the Company and shareholders have been found. When the Board
of Directors of the Company considered related matters, independent directors expressed independent
opinions, affiliated directors abstained from voting, and the voting procedures were legal and valid.

5. Use of funds raised

During the Reporting Period, the Company successfully issued nine tranches of corporate bonds of RMB28.0                 About Us
billion in total; issued two tranches of short-term corporate bonds of RMB10.0 billion in total; issued three
tranches of perpetual subordinated bonds of RMB9.2 billion; issued one tranche of non-public corporate
bonds of RMB4 billion; issued one tranche of overseas RMB bonds of RMB5 billion; issued USD bonds and
overseas medium-term notes with a total scale of USD3.578 billion. During the Reporting Period, the
Company issued 3,310 income certificates in total with a scale of RMB29.542 billion. As of the end of the
Reporting Period, 999 income certificates continued to exist with a scale of RMB17.510 billion.



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
6. Review of relevant reports

(1) Written reviews and opinions on the annual report of the Company for 2022 prepared by the Board of

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Directors were as follows:

The annual report of the Company for 2022 was prepared and reviewed in compliance with the relevant
laws, regulations and requirements of regulatory authorities, the contents of which were true, accurate and
complete and could reflect the actual conditions of the Company.

(2) The Supervisory Committee of the Company reviewed the Assessment Report on Internal Control of the
Company for 2022, and had no objections to the contents therein.




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
X. RISKS FOUND BY THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN THE COMPANY

The Supervisory Committee had no objections towards the matters under supervision during the Reporting
Period.




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                175
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XI. INFORMATION ABOUT THE STAFF OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND
          MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AS AT THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
          (I) Information about the staff

          Number of staff employed by the parent company                                                                                            11,854

          Number of staff employed by major subsidiaries                                                                                            4,945

          The total number of staff employed                                                                                                       16,799

          Number of retired staff of the parent company and its major
                                                                                                                                                      242
          subsidiaries that need to be paid for the cost

                                                                  Profession Composition

          Profession                                                                                                                  Number of staff

          Operation professionals                                                                                                                   10,727

          Operation support professionals                                                                                                           2,405

          Research and development professionals                                                                                                    3,667

          Total                                                                                                                                    16,799

                                                                            Education

          Level of education                                                                                                      Number (persons)

          Doctor                                                                                                                                       167

          Master                                                                                                                                     6,518

          Bachelor                                                                                                                                  7,372

          Junior college graduate and below                                                                                                           1,115

          Total                                                                                                                                     15,172

          Note: Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics do not include those of employees of corporations in
          the United States. Number of the Group’s staff includes dispatched workers and brokers etc.




          As of December 31, 2022, the Group had a total of 10 members of senior management, of whom 8 were
          male and 2 were female. As at December 31, 2022, the Group had 8,495 male employees and 6,677 female
          employees in total, representing 44% being female employees (Note: Due to the internal policies of US
          companies, the gender structure statistics do not include US company employees). The Board is of the
          opinion that the Company has achieved gender diversity among its employees. During the Reporting Period,
          the Company issued the “Statement of Rights and Benefits of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.” (《华泰证券股份有限
          公司權益及福利聲明》) on the official website of the Company, which explicitly advocates employee diversity
          and ensures that the employment and career development of employees are not affected by any factors
          such as race, faith, gender, religion, nationality, ethnicity, age, marital status and social status.

          (II) Remuneration policy

          The Company implements the concept of stable operation, closely integrates compensation management
          with risk management, pays attention to the bottom-line requirements of compliance and fully considers
          the impact of market cycle fluctuations, industry characteristics and the Company’s business development




176
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
trends. The Company integrated the cultural concept of “compliance, integrity, professionalism and stability”
into its compensation management and established a compensation incentive mechanism for long-term
development to promote high-quality and sustainable development of the Company and the industry.

The Company attaches importance to external competitiveness and internal fairness of salary incentive,
and establishes a remuneration incentive distribution system based on market standards, oriented
by comprehensive assessment results, and matching with compliance and risk management. Staff
remuneration of the Company consists of fixed salary, performance bonus, share incentive and employee
benefits. The Company has established and implemented the restricted share incentive scheme of A
Shares in accordance with national laws and regulations, which established a sound medium and long-


                                                                                                                            About Us
term incentive and restraint mechanism, and created a market-oriented institutional mechanism and
development platform to gather core talents.

Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, the Company makes full payments to social insurances and
housing fund accounts for staff in accordance with laws. Meanwhile, the Company has established the
supplementary medical insurance plan and enterprise annuity plan to improve supplementary medical
care and retirement treatment of staff.

(III) Training programs


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
In line with the development trend of industry innovation and transformation, the Company continued
to centralize its training on the aspects including professional ability, management capability, business


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
innovation, technology empowerment and international horizon and its annual training plan was
implemented smoothly. The Company organized and carried out various online and offline professional
development trainings such as the BAL Star Battle Camp (BAL 星戰營 ) for managers, the HIPO project for
skilled employees and the HTSC STAR project for new employees. It organized business trainings on wealth
management, institutional service and international business with business departments. To support
the technology empowerment strategy, the Company established digital talent cultivation systems and
launched digital talent training programs at different levels. Among them, the “HIPO-Talent Cultivation
Program”, which is centered on value chain review, product operation and data empowerment in key




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
businesses and fields, is to cultivate compound talents in digitalization with the capabilities to construct
business, operate products, analyze data and leadership. In addition, the Company effectively utilized
the cloud learning platform and optimized its functions and interfaces to improve staff experience, and
introduced various online learning activities. It organized 487 live broadcast training sessions on the
platform. 1,400,000 participants studied through the platform and completed 360,000 hours of learning with
an average of 39.2 hours for each participant.

(IV) No labor outsourcing



XII. PROPOSAL OF PROFIT DISTRIBUTION OR CAPITALIZATION FROM

                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
CAPITAL RESERVE


                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
(I) Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

Article 261 of the Articles of Association has clarified the Company’s profit distribution policy, the decision-
making process for the profit distribution plan and the decision-making process for adjustments of the
profit distribution policy. The policy of the Company’s profit distribution is: “The Company shall focus on
generating a reasonable investment return to the investors and implements continual and steady policy of
profit distribution; the Company’s profit distribution shall not exceed the scope of accumulated distributable
profits nor impair the Company’s continual operational capability; the Company may distribute dividends
in form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares. Except for the special condition under which
the Company plans to conduct material investments or make major cash expenses within the next twelve
months, or other conditions that may result in the fact that the Company fails to comply with the regulatory
requirements regarding net capital, the Company shall distribute its dividends in form of cash if the




                                                                                                                   177
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company’s profits for the current year and its accumulated non-distributed profits are positive; for the last
          three years, the Company’s accumulated profits distributed in form of cash shall not be less than 30% of
          the annual average distributable profit realized for the last three years; upon the proposal by the Board of
          Directors and approval by the general meeting, an interim dividend distribution may be made in the form
          of cash; the Company may distribute dividends in the form of shares based on the annual profits and cash
          flow status and subject to the satisfaction of the lowest ratio for cash dividend and the reasonableness of
          the Company’s equity scale.”

          For the last three years (including the Reporting Period), the Company did not have any plan or proposal
          regarding capitalization from capital reserve to share capital. The details of the profit distribution plan or
          proposal of ordinary shares of the Company over the last three years (including the Reporting Period) were
          as follows:

          In 2020, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB4.00 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
          Company’s total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting the A Shares deposited in the
          Company’s special account for securities repurchase and temporarily not used in the equity incentive
          scheme, with the total cash dividend of RMB3,612,548,602.00, representing 33.38% of net profit attributable to
          the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2020. According to relevant provisions
          of the Guidelines of Self-regulation of Companies Listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 7 – Repurchase of
          Shares (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 7 號－回購股份》), the amount of share repurchases effected
          by a company in a year shall be deemed as cash dividends and be counted in the calculation of the cash
          dividend payout ratio for the year. Accordingly, based on the amount of share repurchases effected by
          the Company for 2020 of RMB1,626,402,152.88 (excluding transaction costs), the total cash dividend of the
          Company in 2020 amounted to RMB5,238,950,754.88, representing 48.41% of net profit attributable to the
          shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2020.

          In 2021, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
          Company’s total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting 45,278,495 A Shares deposited in
          the special account for securities repurchase and 1,060,973 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled (i.e.
          on the basis of 9,030,310,532 shares), with the total cash dividend of RMB4,063,639,739.40 (tax inclusive),
          representing 30.45% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated
          basis for 2021. According to relevant provisions of the Guidelines of Self-regulation of Companies Listed
          on Shanghai Stock Exchange No.7 –Repurchase of Shares (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 7 號－
          回購股份》), the amount of share repurchases effected by a company in a year shall be deemed as cash
          dividends and be counted in the calculation of the cash dividend payout ratio for the year. Accordingly,
          based on the amount of share repurchases effected by the Company for 2021 of RMB48,959,144.00 (excluding
          transaction costs), the total cash dividend amounted to RMB4,112,598,883.40, representing 30.81% of net profit
          attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2021.

          In 2022, after comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the
          development of the Company, the 2022 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:

          1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
          Company’s existing total share capital of 9,075,589,027 shares after deducting 45,278,495 A Shares
          deposited in the special account for securities repurchase and 925,692 A Shares to be repurchased and
          cancelled (i.e. on the basis of 9,029,384,840.00 shares), with the total cash dividend of RMB4,063,223,178.00
          (tax inclusive), representing 36.76% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a
          consolidated basis for 2022.

          If the total share capital of the Company changes as a result of repurchase and cancellation of shares
          granted in the equity incentive during the period from the disclosure date of this proposal to the record
          date of the implementation of the dividend distribution, the Company intends to maintain the distribution
          ratio per share unchanged and adjust the total distribution accordingly. The remaining profits available for
          distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.

          2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the
          depositary of GDRs) and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding




178
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
the investors of Southbound Trading) in HKD. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be calculated at
the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB to HKD issued by the PBOC five business days prior to the
date of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company.



(II) Particulars of cash dividend policy


Whether it is in compliance with the requirements of the Articles of Association
                                                                                              √Yes       No
or the resolutions of general meetings

Whether the dividend distribution criteria and proportion are well defined and
                                                                                              √Yes       No              About Us
clear

Whether the relevant decision-making procedures and mechanism are
                                                                                              √Yes       No
complete

Whether the independent directors fulfil their duties and play their roles                    √Yes       No

Whether the minority shareholders have the opportunities to sufficiently voice


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
their opinions and make requests, and whether their legal interests are fully                 √Yes       No
protected



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
(III) PROFIT DISTRIBUTION AND SHARE CAPITAL INCREASE BY WAY OF TRANSFER FROM
CAPITAL RESERVES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


Number of bonus shares per 10 shares (share)                                                              –




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Dividends per 10 shares (Yuan) (tax inclusive)                                                         4.50

Number of increased shares per 10 shares (share)                                                          –

Amount of cash dividends (tax inclusive)                                                  4,063,223,178.00

Net profit attributable to the shareholders of ordinary shares of the Company in
                                                                                         11,052,695,673.35
the consolidated statement during the dividend year

Percentage of net profit attributable to the shareholders of ordinary shares of
                                                                                                      36.76
the Company in the consolidated financial statements (%)




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Amount for repurchase of shares under cash included in cash dividends                                      -

Total amount of dividends (tax inclusive)                                                 4,063,223,178.00




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Ratio of total amount of dividends to net profit attributable to ordinary
                                                                                                      36.76
shareholders of the listed company in consolidated statements (%)




                                                                                                                179
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XIII. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN
          OR OTHER EMPLOYEE INCENTIVES MEASURES AND THEIR IMPLICATION
          On February 8, 2021, a series of resolutions including the Resolution on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
          of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary was considered and approved at the
          Company’s first extraordinary general meeting of 2021. On March 23, 2021, upon consideration and approval
          at the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company made
          adjustment to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and agreed to grant restricted A Shares to
          the incentive participants, and the grant date was determined to be March 29, 2021. For details, please refer
          to the announcements of the Company dated December 31, 2020 and March 23, 2021.


          (I) Summary of the Share Incentive Scheme

          1. Purposes

          The Company has formulated the Incentive Scheme in accordance with the relevant requirements
          of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Trial Measures on Implementation of Share Incentive
          Schemes by State-owned Listed Companies (Domestic) (Guo Zi Fa Fen Pei [2006] No. 175), the Notice
          on Issues concerning Regulating the Implementation of the Share Incentive Schemes by State-Owned
          Listed Companies (Guo Zi Fa Fen Pei [2008] No. 171), Opinions on Supporting Share Repurchase by Listed
          Companies (CSRC Announcement [2018] No. 35) and The Administrative Measures on Incentive Scheme
          of Listed Companies (CSRC Decree No. 148). The main purposes of implementing the Incentive Scheme
          are as follows: (1) to deepen and implement the mixed-ownership reform of state-owned enterprises;
          (2) to stabilize and enhance the Company’s value; (3) to advocate the concept of joint and sustainable
          development of both the Company and the individual; (4) to establish and improve the long-term incentive
          and restriction mechanism of the Company.

          2. Scope of the Incentive Participants

          The incentive participants granted under the Incentive Scheme shall include directors and senior
          management officers and other core key employees of the Company, but exclude non-executive Directors
          (including independent Directors) and Supervisors of the Company. All of the incentive participants are
          employed with the Company (including branches) or wholly-owned or majority-controlled subsidiaries.

          3. Interests Proposed to be Granted under the Share Incentive Scheme

          The Restricted A Shares proposed to be granted to the incentive participants under the Incentive Scheme
          shall be not more than 45,640,000 shares, representing 0.50% of the total share capital of the Company
          at the end of the Reporting Period. The source of shares is the ordinary A shares repurchased from the
          secondary market by the Company. The grant price shall be RMB9.10 per share and shall not be lower than
          the higher of 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for the last trading day preceding the date
          of the Share Incentive Scheme and 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for either the last 20
          trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days immediately preceding the Share Incentive Scheme.

          4. Validity Period of the Share Incentive Scheme and Arrangement of Lock-up Period

          The validity period of the Incentive Scheme shall commence from the date of completion of registration of
          the granted Restricted Shares and end on the date when all the Restricted Shares granted to the incentive
          participants are fully unlocked (excluding those subject to voluntary lock-up or reduction restriction over
          Directors and senior management) or repurchased and deregistered, for a maximum of six years.




180
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
The lock-up period of the Restricted Shares granted under the Incentive Scheme is 24 months from the date
of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding portion of the Restricted Shares, and the
unlocking period and unlocking schedule of each period of the Restricted Shares granted is set out below:

Unlocking                                                                                              Unlocking
Arrangement           Unlocking Period                                                                proportion

                      Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 24 months from
The first unlocking   the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                            33%
period                portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 36 months from


                                                                                                                            About Us
                      the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares

                      Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 36 months from
The second            the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                            33%
unlocking period      portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 48 months from
                      the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares

                    Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 48 months from
The third unlocking the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                            34%
period              portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 60 months from

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                    the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares



(II) Particulars of the Grant under the Share Incentive Scheme                                                            and Strategies

On April 7, 2021, the Company received the Certificate of Registration of Changes in Securities issued by
China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to set out the record date
being April 6, 2021 and granted 45,488,000 Restricted A Shares to 810 eligible incentive participants at the
grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. The Company has completed the registration of the grant of the restricted
A Shares. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 7, 2021.




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(III) Subsequent Development of the Share Incentive Scheme during the Reporting
Period

During the Reporting Period, the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A
Shares by the Company was considered and approved at the 2021 Annual General Meeting, the 2022 First A
Share Class Meeting, and the 2022 First H Share Class Meeting of the Company, respectively, which agreed
that the Company shall repurchase and cancel a total of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares granted but not yet
unlocked from 22 incentive participants of the grant who are no longer qualified as incentive participants.
During the Reporting Period, the Company has completed the repurchase and cancellation of the 1,060,973
restricted A shares. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated June 22, 2022 and



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
September 20, 2022.




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   181
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, changes in the restricted A Shares granted under the Share Incentive Scheme
          are as follows:

                                                                       Changes in the Reporting Period
                                         Number of                                                      Number          Purchase            Number of
                                  Restricted Shares                                                    of Shares         Price for   Restricted Shares
          Name/Type of                Locked at the Number of Shares                                    Lapsed/           Shares         Locked at the
          Incentive                Beginning of the   Newly Granted Number of Shares                  Cancelled        Cancelled      End of the Period
          Participant                Period (share)          (share) Unlocked (share)                    (share)          (Yuan)               (share)

          Director Zhou Yi                  720,000                       –                     –                  –            –            720,000

          Five highest
          remuneration                              -                     -                     -                  -            -                    -
          individuals

          Other incentive
                                        44,768,000                        -                     -     1,060,973             8.70          43,707,027
          participants

          Total                         45,488,000                        -                     -     1,060,973             8.70          44,427,027

          Note: No restricted A Shares of the Company were granted to the five highest remuneration individuals.



          Other incentive measures

          For the employee incentive measures adopted by AssetMark (not a major subsidiary of the Company within
          the meaning of the Hong Kong Listing Rules), a controlled company of the Group, please refer to Note 63(b)
          Share-based payments of an overseas subsidiary to the consolidated financial statements in this report.

          (IV) No share incentive granted to the Directors and senior management during the
          Reporting Period

          (V) Appraisal mechanism for the senior management and the establishment and
          implementation of incentive mechanism during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the annual and tenure performance appraisal on the Company’s senior
          management was carried out in the principle of sharing goals, comprehensively benchmarking the market
          and attaching equal importance to incentives and restrictions. The appraisal adopts the target appraisal
          on key performance indicators. The performance indicators are related not only to the annual operating
          goals of the Company but also reflect the orientation of compliance operation as well as the emphasis and
          difficulties of relevant work charged by such individual. The performance indicators and target value on
          senior management are determined by the Board based on the Company’s annual operation strategies,
          the characteristics of the Company, the market environment and others. The Board determines the level
          of annual appraisal of senior management at the end of the year after comprehensively considering the
          Company’s annual operating goals, the completion of relevant work charged by the senior management
          member and the special annual compliance appraisal.

          The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee proposes the amount of reward and the form of incentives
          for senior management based on the completion of the Company’s annual operating goals and the
          performance indicators of senior management as well as the Company’s policies on remuneration
          distribution and submits them to the Board for study and determination after approving by vote.



          XIV. ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL
          SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          (I) Statement of the Board

          As required by the internal control standard system of the Company, the Company has strengthened




182
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
and refined its corporate governance structure, compliance and risk control system and internal control
management system. A corporate governance structure with checks and balances has been formed,
which features the separation among the Shareholders’ general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory
Committee and senior management. Under such structure, all operating management members perform
their functions and duties within respective responsibilities and authorization, ensuring the prudent and
standardized operation of the Company. The Company convenes and holds shareholders’ general
meetings in strict accordance with the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings
and other relevant provisions to strictly perform its obligations of information disclosure, protect the right
to know of all shareholders, and thus to ensure the standard and transparent operation of Shareholders’
general meetings. Meanwhile, the Company also strictly regulated its relationships with shareholders, de

                                                                                                                           About Us
facto controllers and related parties to ensure its operational independence.

The objective of internal control of the Company is to reasonably ensure the legality and compliance of
the operation and management, the security of the assets, and the truthfulness and completeness of
the financial report and its relevant information, to improve operating efficiency and effectiveness, and
to promote the accomplishment of the development strategy. Due to the inherent limitations of internal
control, only reasonable assurance can be provided for the achievement of the above objectives. In
addition, internal control may become inappropriate or the level of compliance with control policies and
procedures may become lower due to the changes of situation, so it subjects to certain risks to speculate


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
the effectiveness of internal control in the future based on the results of internal control evaluation.

(II) Structure of the internal control system

The Board of Directors has set up special committees such as the Compliance and Risk Management                          and Strategies
Committee, the Audit Committee and the Development Strategy Committee to comprehensively monitor
the effective implementation of internal control and self-evaluation of internal control. The Company
established the leading group for the construction and continuous optimization of internal control to
comprehensively lead internal control standardized project construction and continuously promote the
improvement of the internal control system. The Company designates Risk Management Department,




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Planning and Finance Department, Inspection Department, Legal Compliance Department, etc. as internal
control management departments and all departments as internal control implementation departments
to fully cooperate with the improvement and self-assessment of the internal control system, actively rectify
defects in internal control and give feedback on rectification results as required. The Inspection Department
shall be responsible for conducting internal control evaluation independently and implementing internal
audit and assessment independently on the Company’s internal control measures annually.

(III) Construction and improvement of the internal control system

The Company strictly follows the Company Law, the Securities Law, Guidelines for Internal Control of
Securities Firms, Regulation on Supervision and Administration of Securities Firms, Basic Internal Control




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Norms for Enterprises, Implementation Guidelines for Enterprise Internal Control and other laws and
regulations, and continually improves the corporate governance structure, compliance risk control system
and internal control management system. The Company practices internal control management methods,
constantly enhances its ability to restrict itself and effectively prevents and resolves various risks so as to



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of various businesses thereof. The Company makes
clear the internal control organizational structure and division of responsibilities, and the leading group for
internal control construction and continuous optimization supervises and promotes the internal control
construction of the Company. The Company’s whole businesses, departments, branches and all staff
are involved in internal control, throughout each link from decision-making, implementation, supervision
to feedback. Based on regulatory requirements and business development, the Company continued
to improve various internal control management systems and constantly established and improved
internal control systems appropriate to the scale and complexity of the business of the Company. Starting
from prudent operation and identification, prevention and resolution of risks, the Company continuously
diversified risk matrixes and developed clear control measures to check the effectiveness of control
measures with regular or irregular assessment and continuously improved the overall internal control.




                                                                                                                  183
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Operation of the internal control system

          With a focus on the regulatory requirements, development strategies and operation objectives, the
          Company continued to deepen the operation of the internal control system. The Company regularly or
          irregularly carried out a review and update of the system to ensure the comprehensiveness, prudence,
          effectiveness and applicability of the system and standards, so as to avoid blank or loopholes. The
          Company strengthened its risk review, assessment, management and control in major businesses and key
          fields to guarantee the risks are measurable, controllable and bearable. It deepened the establishment of
          the business continuity management mechanism and improved the systems of emergency management;
          and actively conducted publicity and trainings to strengthen the internal control culture publicity. Starting
          from prudent operation and identification, prevention and resolution of risks, the Company established a
          multi-level internal control evaluation mechanism, including regular and irregular self-assessment on the
          effectiveness of internal control, the evaluation on the effectiveness of internal control by the internal audit
          departments and the independent evaluation by the external auditors, so as to consistently deepen the
          analysis on high residual risk points and control defects and the tracking and rectification of internal control
          defects, and improve the effectiveness of the design and implementation of control measures.

          (V) Basis for the assessment of internal control

          The Company organizes to conduct internal control assessment according to the corporate internal control
          standard system and the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Firms (《證券公司內部控制指引》) and
          Rules for the Preparation and Reporting of Information Disclosure by Listed Issuers of Securities No. 21 –
          General Provisions on the Annual Internal Control Assessment Report (《公開發行證券的公司信息披露編報規則第
          21 號－ 年度內部控制評價報告的一般規定》) issued by the CSRC, the Guidelines of Self-regulation of Companies
          Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 1 – Standard Operation (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 1
          號－規範運作》) issued by the SSE and other relevant laws, regulations and regulatory rules.

          (VI)Internal control defect and its identification

          According to the identification requirements for major defects, important defects and general defects as
          stipulated by the internal control system of enterprises, the Board of the Company, in consideration of such
          factors as the scale of the Company, industrial characteristics, risk appetite and risk tolerance, distinguished
          financial report internal control from non-financial report internal control and determined the internal
          control defects applicable to the Company and its specific identification standards, which were consistent
          with those of the previous years.

          A material defect refers to a combination of one or more controlling defects that could cause the enterprise
          to deviate significantly from its control objectives; a significant defect refers to a combination of one or
          more controlling defects that is less severe and has less economic consequences than a material defect,
          but may still cause the enterprise to deviate from its control objectives; general defects refer to defects
          other than material defects and significant defects.

          (VII) The Company’s internal control effectiveness assessment

          According to the Basic Norms of Internal Control and its provisions in its supporting guidelines and
          other regulatory requirements on internal control as well as the Company’s internal control system and
          assessment methods, we have assessed the Company’s internal control effectiveness on December 31,
          2022 (base date of internal control assessment report) based on the daily supervision and specialized
          supervision of internal control, and have issued the Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report for 2022.

          The main businesses and matters included in the evaluation scope of the Company’s internal control
          include: internal environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, internal
          supervision, as well as incompatible position separation control, authorization and approval control,
          accounting system control, property protection control, budget control, operation analysis control and
          performance appraisal control involved in the control activities. High risk areas we focused on include:
          current business and basic function management, namely brokerage business, financial product sales and




184
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
fund investment advisory business, margin financing and securities lending and stock pledge businesses,
futures business, investment banking business, prime brokerage (PB) business, research business, equity
trading business, FICC trading business, OTC derivatives trading business, asset management business,
private equity fund management business, alternative investment business, international business,
information technology, financial management, compliance and legal affairs, related-party transactions
and other fields, as well as the liquidity risk, market risk, credit risk, operational risk, reputation risk, information
technology risk, compliance risk, legal risk and integrity risk that have significant impact on the Company’s
operation and management.

According to the identification results of major defects in financial report internal control, on the base date


                                                                                                                                     About Us
of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in financial report internal
control.

The Board of Directors thinks that the Company has maintained effective financial report internal control
in all major aspects according to the enterprise internal control standardized system and requirements in
relevant regulations.

According to the identification results of major defects in non-financial report internal control, on the base
date of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in non-financial
report internal control.

(VIII) Work plan for internal control in 2023                                                                                     Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
In 2023, the Company will continuously promote internal control optimize work. The key contents include
referring to and implementing new regulatory and industrial requirements and intensifying systematic
management and control measures with focus on deepening special review and enhancing the efficiency
of management and control tools; improving the process control and the ability to identify risks, improving
monitoring indicators system and enhancing the insurmountability of management and control; boosting
the automation of control measures and the identification and evaluation of risk points and advancing
digital business process and operation management; and deepening the establishment of internal control




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
and management culture and intensifying training and publicity.




XV. MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF SUBSIDIARIES DURING THE
REPORTING PERIOD

The Company incorporated its onshore and offshore subsidiaries into the comprehensive risk management
system. Adhering to the philosophy of collectivization, specialization and platformization, it established a
management model with the concentration and deep penetration of professional risks and the hierarchical
authorization of business risks of subsidiaries, establishing an integrated management system with full



                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
coverage of the Group.

During the Reporting Period, the Company constantly optimized the overall risk management framework of




                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
subsidiaries, continued to enhance the refined management and control ability, and continuously improved
hierarchical authorization and quota management. It sped up in the integration of risk data and information
of the Group, further enhanced the unified risk monitoring and analysis capability of the Group and normally
urged subsidiaries to implement the unified rules of the Group to ensure that the risks of subsidiaries are
measurable, controllable and bearable under the overall risk preference of the Group.




                                                                                                                            185
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XVI. INFORMATION ABOUT THE INTERNAL CONTROL AUDITING REPORT

          When disclosing the annual report for 2022, the Company will also disclose the 2022 Annual Internal Control
          Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and the Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd. at the same time, which will be published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.
          cn), the HKEX news website of the HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s official website (www.htsc.
          com.cn) on March 31, 2023.

          Whether to disclose the internal control audit report: Yes

          Type of opinion on the audit report on internal control: Standard unqualified opinion



          XVII. RECTIFICATION OF PROBLEMS DISCOVERED IN SPECIAL SELF-
          INSPECTION ACTIONS ON LISTED COMPANIES GOVERNANCE

          Under the requirements of the Announcement Regarding Implementation of Special Actions on Listed
          Companies Governance issued by the CSRC, the Company conducted careful review and searching based
          on the list of items for special self-inspection on listed companies governance and discovered no problems
          to be rectified.




          XVIII. BUILDING OF THE COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM OF
          THE COMPANY AND THE INSPECTION AND AUDIT FINISHED BY
          THE COMPLIANCE AND INSPECTING DEPARTMENT DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
          The Company always places emphasis on the corporate culture of operation in compliance with laws and
          regulations, and carries out strict management and prudent and standard operation. During the Reporting
          Period, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements, the Company
          further established a sound compliance management system, improved the organizational structure for
          compliance management, and continued to strengthen the compliance management of the Company to
          keep continuous and standardized development of the Company’s various businesses.

          (I) Organizational Structure for Compliance Management

          Since its establishment, the Company has been adjusting and improving the organizational structure for
          compliance management and the relevant systems based on the changes of the market environment
          and regulatory requirements and the development needs of business. According to the Measures for
          the Compliance Management of Securities Companies and Securities Investment Fund Management
          Companies (hereinafter referred to as the “Measures”) issued by the CSRC in 2017, the Company further
          clarified the compliance duties of the Board of Directors, Supervisory Committee, senior management, chief
          compliance officer, and responsible persons of all departments, all branches and subsidiaries at all levels
          (hereinafter referred to collectively as “all subordinate units”) in the Articles of Association and the basic
          compliance management system. The current compliance organizational system comprehensively reflects
          the basic requirements of the Measures for “full compliance” and “starting compliance management from
          the senior management”, and a resultant force situation of sound compliance management organizational
          structure, clear positioning of responsibilities at all levels and full compliance is basically created.

          The Board of Directors is the supreme decision-making body for compliance management of the Company,
          which bears ultimate responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, decides on the
          compliance management objectives and is responsible for the effectiveness of compliance management




186
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
of the Company; the Compliance and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is
responsible for overseeing the overall risk management of the Company and controlling the risks within
a reasonable range to ensure that the internal management system, business rules, significant decisions
and main business activities of the Company are in compliance with laws and regulations and the risks
are controllable and bearable; the Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the compliance
management and the performance of compliance management duties by Directors and senior
management; the senior management assumes the major responsibilities for compliance management,
implements the compliance management objectives of the Company and is responsible for the whole
company’s compliance management; responsible persons of all subordinate units are responsible for their
units’ operations in accordance with laws and regulations; all the staff of the Company are responsible for

                                                                                                                         About Us
the compliance of the operational matters and professional conducts within the range of their operational
activities.

The chief compliance officer is in charge of the compliance of the Company, conducts audit, inspection
and supervision on the compliance of the management and professional conducts of the Company and
its staff, and helps the operation management effectively identify and manage compliance risks. The
chief compliance officer is a member of the Company’s senior management, and is appointed by the
Board of Directors. The chief compliance officer does not hold any concurrent posts or take charge of any
departments that conflict with his/her compliance management duties.


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
The Company has established a Legal Compliance Department to assist the chief compliance officer in
performing specific compliance management duties, mainly including: establishment of the compliance


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
management system of the Company; compliance training, inspection and guidance; assessment
and unified disposal of compliance risks; compliance review and compliance reports; cooperation with
external compliance supervision and management institutions; anti-money laundering and Chinese Wall;
establishment of the legal system of the Company; review of legal documents; handling of legal affairs;
assessment of and consultation on legal risks.

All departments and branches of the Company have their own compliance officers. A compliance officer
is mainly responsible for the compliance management work of the unit he/she belongs to, performing




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
such duties as carrying out timely and effective supervision, inspection, assessment and reporting on the
implementation of compliance policies and procedures by such unit and its staff, and is responsible for
the unit’s communication and exchange of information with the Legal Compliance Department and other
compliance management work. During the Reporting Period, the Company strengthened the management
of full-time compliance personnel of institutional business lines in the headquarters, further optimized the
compliance management mode of its branches, deepened the vertical management of the branches’
compliance management teams, strengthened the compliance risk management work of the branches,
ensured the branches’ compliance teams to perform their duties independently, and strived to prevent
compliance risks of front-line businesses from the source.

The Company established the management measures for compliance of subsidiaries, which made




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
detailed arrangements for basic principles, organizational structure and working mechanism of compliance
management of the subsidiaries, and established a sound compliance management system appropriate
to the group strategy on the basis of ensuring the independence of the subsidiaries’ legal representatives.




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Meanwhile, the Company established a special compliance management information reporting
mechanism, and all subsidiaries shall report on the operation of compliance management quarterly and
report on any major risk or abnormal situation timely after the event so that the Company can grasp
the compliance risk management and control of its subsidiaries timely; the Company established a
mechanism for regular meetings between compliance chiefs of the parent company and subsidiaries
to call together compliance chiefs of the subsidiaries to hold regular meetings quarterly and unblock the
communication mechanism between the Group’s compliance chiefs and the Compliance Department, and
built an important platform of notifying the Group’s compliance risk events, sharing supervision information,
exchanging key and difficult points of the compliance management work and forming a resultant force for
compliance management; and the Company strengthened the audit and filing of important compliance
systems of subsidiaries, and carried out special compliance inspection on relevant subsidiaries to
implement the compliance management mechanism of subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                187
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Compliance System Building of the Company

          The Company continued to improve the compliance management system and formed various compliance
          management systems, including the Compliance Management System (2017 Revision), Measures for
          the Compliance Management of Subsidiaries (2020 Revision), Daily Working Measures for Compliance
          Management (2020 Revision), Measures for Management of Compliance Management Personnel (2020
          Revision) and Measures for the Implementation of Compliance Accountability.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated the Implementing Rules for the Management of
          Securities Investment Behaviors of Employees, and amended certain internal control systems such as the
          Management System for Chinese Wall, the Basic System for Anti-money Laundering and Anti-terrorism
          Financing and the Management System for Abnormal Securities Transaction Behaviors of Customers of
          Stock Exchanges, which further optimized the compliance control system, the anti-money laundering
          management system and other internal control systems.

          (III) Implementation of the Compliance Management Mechanism

          Since the full implementation of the compliance management system, the Company saw continuous
          improvement of its compliance management work, and continued to benefit from observance with the
          philosophy of “Creating Value through Compliance Management” and saw significant improvement in the
          standardization of operations. During the Reporting Period, the Company deepened the effective integration
          of business and compliance, and focused on key business links to build an embedded compliance
          management and control mechanism with penetration and coverage. The Compliance Department
          provided all branches with comprehensive compliance consultation, put forward recommendations on
          common issues in time and monitored and gave guidance over the rectification and improvement of
          relevant systems and procedures by relevant departments; carried out compliance review comprehensively,
          clarified the front-line compliance review responsibilities.

          (IV) Information about Inspection Carried out by the Compliance Department
          during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Compliance Department carried out inspections on the OTC
          derivatives business, compliance investigations and inspections on the custody business and inspections
          on the fund investment advisory business, and continuously followed up the progress of rectification.

          (V) Progress of Audit Work of the Audit Department during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department earnestly implemented the development
          strategy. Based on the functional positioning of “identifying problems, facilitating rectification, resolving
          risks and promoting development”, it innovated audit means and methods and optimized the allocation
          of audit resources with full coverage and key focuses. The Company effectively carried out inspections
          and evaluation on the establishment and implementation of the internal control mechanisms of each
          department and subsidiary, and each branch and securities business department of the Company, the
          legality and compliance of business operation, operating guarantee, client services, anti-money laundering
          and innovative business, as well as the accuracy of financial revenue and expenditure and accounting
          calculation, evaluated the risks on business and operation, revealed the weaknesses and defects in
          operation management, continued to improve work mechanism and enhanced audit quality steadily. It
          better completed the working tasks for the whole year and escorted the high-quality development of the
          Company.

          Based on the annual operational targets and audit supervision, for the purpose of serving group
          development and deployment and in accordance with regulatory requirements, the Company’s Audit
          Department adjusted the manners of working and arranged various projects to adopt new types of
          audit such as “remote + on-site” and “video + materials” through the appropriate allocation of audit
          resources and the optimization of audit means. It connected the units under auditing to conduct remote
          communications on uncertain points through online video meetings and Link working groups and achieved




188
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
the homogeneous management of off-site data analysis and on-site audit, completing the tasks of audit
projects. During the Reporting Period, it completed 157 audit items in total, including regular auditing and
auditing for the departure of general managers for 19 business and management departments such as the
research institute, securities investment department, fixed income department, debt financing department,
sales and trading department, platform operation department, investment advisory development
department, margin financing and securities lending department, financial innovation department, central
trading room, wealth management department, financial products department, asset custody department,
risk management department, human resources department, planning and finance department, strategy
and development department, general affairs department, party-mass work development and offices;
regular auditing and auditing for departure of senior management for 8 subsidiaries such as Huatai

                                                                                                                          About Us
Futures, Huatai United Securities, Huatai Asset Management, Huatai Innovative Investment, Huatai Purple
Gold Investment, Huatai International, Jiangsu Equity Exchange and the departure of the chief information
officer of Huatai Asset Management; auditing for the departure and mandatory leave of general managers
of 9 branches in Beijing, Shandong, Xuzhou, Taizhou, Zhenjiang, Fujian, Jiangxi, Suzhou and Wuxi; auditing
for the departure and mandatory leave of general managers of 109 securities branches in Daguang Road,
Nanjing, Zhongshan East Road, Nanjing, Zhenghe Middle Road, Nanjing, Changjiang Road, Nanjing, Wuding
Road, Shanghai, Raffles Square, Huangpu District, Shanghai, Dongsanhuan North Road, Beijing, Suzhou
Street, Beijing, Yitian Road, Shenzhen, Longgang Avenue, Shenzhen, Yuncheng West Road, Guangzhou and



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Heshan Road, Suzhou; 12 special audits including assessment of the effectiveness of corporate compliance
management, corporate internal control evaluation, special corporate comprehensive risk management,
effectiveness evaluation of the dynamic monitoring system for corporate risk control indicators, evaluation


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
of corporate anti-money laundering, specific compliance of branches in Xiamen, specific securities
investment and funds custody and service business, specific funds sales business, specific related-party
transactions, special operation, maintenance and management on information technology, special travel
reimbursement, and special key matters in the first half of 2022. Audit reports have been issued for 153
audit items; 505 audit opinions and suggestions were put forward and 443 problems were rectified, with a
rectification completion rate of 87.72%; 484 problems discovered in the previous auditing were tracked and
445 problems were rectified, with a rectification completion rate of 91.19%; according to the Implementing




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Rules for Penalties of Illegal Behaviors Discovered in Audit of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., suggestions were
made on penalties for 94 person-times in 94 units and the penalty amounted to RMB128,000. All units
under auditing actively coordinated in the auditing process and the audit opinions and suggestions were
recognized by units under auditing and their responsible persons.

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Department of the Company increased investment in digitalization
and officially initiated the construction of the new-generation digital audit platform, providing fundamental
guarantees to standardize business procedures on audit and intensify the management of audit resources.
It further promoted the development of data mart, empowered audit analysis and application, fully
integrated the entire instrument chain system and the data governance system on the data middle office
of the Company and embraced the data standards of the Company. While fully guaranteeing information
security, it connected channels for obtaining cross-departmental data information and boosted continuous



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
efforts in financial management, anti-money laundering, brokerage business, comprehensive management
and other theme segments. It carried out the review and establishment of common mart tables and
continuously accumulated data assets. Meanwhile, it converted business risk points into models and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
thinking and transformed business language into technical language, conducted the establishment, test
and acceptance of audit analysis models, gradually achieved the big data analysis and screening on “all
samples, the full process and the entire system” and promoted the transformation of audit means from
limited risk data to the audit on all risk data and from subsequent supervision to in-process monitoring.

Adhering to the concept of promoting reform and construction with audit, the Audit Department of the
Company started from the identification of problems and the revealing of risks with the purpose of rectifying
defects and resolving risks. It insisted on the integration of “abolishment, rectification and establishment”,
continuously improved the mechanisms on rectifying and tracking problems, advanced the effective
implementation of rectifications and solidly carried out the “latter part” of audit to form a closed working
loop covering the identification of problems, the modification and rectification, the implementation of
responsibilities and the resolving of risks. It continuously urged the units under auditing to implement




                                                                                                                 189
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the audit opinions and included the implementation of the rectification of problems identified in audit
          into integral contents. It constantly tracked and conducted subsequent audits, irregularly “reviewed” the
          problems identified in the corresponding period and followed the effectiveness of rectifications through
          online and offline means. It specified that the principal responsible persons of the units under auditing shall
          be primarily responsible for giving feedbacks on rectification and required to arrange the contact person on
          rectification. They shall lead the implementation of rectification and report the progress in a timely manner
          within the prescribed period to ensure that no issues are left and all problems are rectified earnestly and
          seriously. It strictly performed the functions on punishment and suggestion and linked the accountability
          and punishment with the rectification to improve the seriousness of audit and rectification; fully displayed
          the function on consultancy, deeply tapped into the value of audit and developed the final closed loop in
          risk prevention; and improved the mechanism on the normalized transmission of audit results and shared
          audit results with relevant functional departments through routine meetings and regular summarizing and
          sharing. It promoted prevention and control from the source through suggestions on management, audit
          briefs and other means to display the alarming function and prevent the “broken windows effect”.

          During the Reporting Period, the Audit Department of the Company adhered to the principle of prioritizing
          systems, optimized the audit mechanism and further improved various audit rules, systems and guidance.
          It improved project commencement modes, adjusted audit items and risk assessment templates and
          achieved accurate risk control; revised working papers and checklists, coordinated various risk factors from
          the perspective of customers and optimized the logic on selecting audit samples; fully leveraged on existing
          risk assessment results of the Company and dynamically adjusted efforts in anti-money laundering and
          other specific audit work.



          XIX. OTHER INFORMATION

          (I) Company Secretary

          Mr. Zhang Hui is one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, while Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne,
          manager of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, is the joint company secretary fulfilling
          the relevant qualification requirements of the Listing Rules. The company secretary is mainly responsible for
          facilitating the operation of the Board, ensuring the effective communication between the members of the
          Board and the observation of the policies and procedures of the Board, and ensuring the compliance with
          Listing Rules and other regulations by the Company. Any Director can discuss with, seek advice from and
          obtain information from the company secretary. The primary contact person for Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne
          at the Company is Mr. Zhang Hui.

          Each of Mr. Zhang Hui and Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne has complied with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the
          Listing Rules by receiving relevant professional training for no less than 15 hours during the Reporting Period.

          (II) Responsibilities of the Directors and Auditors in respect of the Accounts

          The following statement of responsibilities of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
          conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
          of this report. Each responsibility statement shall be understood separately.

          The Board of Directors confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual report of the
          Group for the year ended December 31, 2022.

          The Board of Directors is responsible for presenting a clear and well-defined assessment of the annual and
          interim reports, stock price sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed according to
          the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided relevant and
          necessary explanation and information for the Board of Directors so that the Board of Directors could make
          informed assessment on the financial data and position of the Group for examination and approval at the
          Board meetings.

          To the knowledge of all Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant




190
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
uncertainty likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustainable operations.
In addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities
which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed to.

For the purposes of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority’s Transparency Rule 4.1.12(3), each
Director of the Company (whose names and functions are listed on pages 124-126 of this report), to the best
of their knowledge, confirm the following two points, respectively:

(a) the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards,
give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the
undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and

(b) the management report (being this annual report, excluding the financial statements referred to above                     About Us
(on pages 263-273 of this report) and the independent auditor’s report thereon (on pages 256-262 of this
report)) includes a fair review of the development and performance of the business and the position of the
Group and the undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of
the principal risks and uncertainties that the Group faces.

(III) Performance Assessment Results for Directors and Supervisors


                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company had abided by the relevant
provisions of laws, administrative laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, and performed
their duties and obligations honestly and diligently.

                                                                                                                            and Strategies
All the Directors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently in
compliance with laws. They have attended Board meetings and various meetings of special committees in
accordance with relevant provisions, considered each proposal seriously, offered advice and suggestions
on significant strategic decisions and plans, important investment and financing projects, business
innovations, related-party transactions, compliance management and internal control, system construction,
appointment of senior management, performance assessment, enterprise cultural construction and social
responsibilities of the Company, and acted as professional gatekeepers on such issues, which ensured




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
those material decisions to be scientific and standardized as well as the sustainable and innovative
development of the Company, and preserved the interests of the shareholders practically.

All the Supervisors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently
in compliance with laws. They have attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee in accordance
with relevant provisions, attended the Board meetings, considered each proposal carefully, supervised
and inspected the legality of operation, material decisions and important business activities as well as
the financial position of the Company, actively protected the legal interests of the Company and its
shareholders, promoted the legal operation and standardized management, and ensured the sound
development of the Company.




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
For details on the performance of duties of the Company’s Directors and Supervisors, please refer to the
“Performance of Duties of Directors” and “Performance of Duties of Supervisors” under this section in this
report.




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
(IV) Communication with Shareholders

The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.

The Company pays great attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively and regularly carries
out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and meet their reasonable
needs timely. The Company has formulated a series of relatively perfect rules and regulations such as the
Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, to manage investor relationship in accordance with




                                                                                                                     191
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the standards, systems and procedures.

          The Company’s Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, namely the shareholder
          communication policy of the Company, was reviewed by the Board on October 28, 2022 to ensure
          implementation and effectiveness. The Company confirms that the current Administrative System
          Regarding Investor Relationship, namely the shareholder communication policy of the Company, is
          effectively implemented by the following measures:

          The provisions set out in the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship are designed to
          ensure that shareholders of the Company, including individual and institutional investors (collectively,
          “shareholders”) and, where appropriate, securities analysts and potential investors, have full and equal
          access to information about the Company in due course, thus to help the effective performance of
          shareholders’ rights, to enhance communication between shareholders and the Company, and to increase
          their understanding and recognition of the Company.

          The main channels through which the Company communicates information to its shareholders are the
          regular reports, announcements and circulars published on the websites of the SSE, the HKEXnews website
          of Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the website of LSE and the official website of the Company. In addition,
          the Company has developed good interaction and communication with its shareholders by means of
          holding regular results announcement meetings, opening a service hotline, setting up an investor relations
          column on the website of the Company and conducting on-site research and receptions to ensure timely
          communication of the relevant information about the Company to Shareholders and relevant parties.

          The Board of Directors of the Company is willing to listen to shareholders’ advice and encourages
          shareholders to attend the general meetings to ask the Board of Directors or the management directly
          about any doubts they may hold. Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or submit
          interim proposals to general meetings according to the procedures set out in Article 84 and Article 89 of the
          Articles of Association, which were published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the HKEX news
          website of the HKEX and the Company’s official website. The Company will arrange for the Board of Directors
          to answer the shareholders’ questions at its annual general meeting for 2022.

          (V) Investor Relations

          The investor relations management is one of the most important tasks on the normative development and
          legitimate operation of the Company and is highly valued by the Board of the Company. The Company
          planned, arranged and organized various activities to manage investor relations with a strong sense of
          responsibility, including coordinating on-site interviews to the Company, and keeping in contact with
          regulatory authorities, investors, intermediary agencies and news media and so on.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company timely updated information on the “Investor Relations” column
          on the Company’s website, and answered inquiries from investors of the interactive e-platform on the
          website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company has received 4 times of onsite investigations
          and surveys or telephone interviews from approximately 53 researchers and investors such as securities
          companies and funds companies at home and abroad in the whole year. The Company also carried out
          daily consultation work seriously for investors and answered their questions in detail. Meanwhile, to assist the
          issuance of the periodic reports, the Company held 2 presentations for operating performance and 3 online
          briefings on performance, and proactively attended strategy seminars and investment forums held by
          domestic or foreign securities institutions. It attended 7 strategy seminars and investment forums during the
          Reporting Period and maintained full communications with investors and researchers on issues such as the
          development trend of the industry, operational results of the Company as well as its business development
          strategy, which effectively promoted investors’ and researchers’ understanding of the business condition
          and result performance of the Company, completely marketed the development advantages of the
          Company, and correctly guided market expectations. The Company persisted in inducing and analyzing
          various questions proposed by institutional investors and researchers to improve the professionalism,
          normalization and the quality of investor relations management of the Company.




192
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
The Company’s reception of investigations and surveys, communications and participation in strategy
seminars and investment forums held by domestic or overseas securities institutions in the year of 2022 are
as follows:
                                                                                                         Major topics
                                                                                                         discussed and
      Date of                         Way of                                                             information
No.   reception    Meeting name       reception   Guests                                                 provided

                   UBS 2022 China
      January                         Telephone   Millennium, Dodge&Cox, Daiwa Asset, etc. (13
1                  Investment
      22, 2022                        interview   person-times)
                   Summit


                                                                                                                                    About Us
                                                  Sino-Rock Investment, CCB Principal Asset
                   Presentation       Video and   Management, CITIC Securities, CICC, Guotai Junan,
      March 31,
2                  for 2021 Annual    telephone   GF Securities, Shenwan Hongyuan, Morgan Stanley,
      2022
                   Results of HTSC    interview   J.P. Morgan, UBS Group, Millennium, etc. (more than
                                                  1,000 person-times)

                   Institutional
      April 12,                       Telephone
3                  investigations                 Balyasny AM (3 person-times)
      2022                            interview
                   and surveys




                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
                   Institutional
      April 14,                       Telephone
4                  investigations                 Wellington Management (9 person-times)
      2022                            interview
                   and surveys


                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
                   Institutional
      April 14,                       Telephone   Guotai Junan, GF Fund, Tianhong Fund, E Fund,
5                  investigations
      2022                            interview   Harvest Fund, Fullgoal Fund, etc. (40 person-times)
                   and surveys
                                                                                                         Business
                   Morgan Stanley
      May 26,                         Telephone   Balyasny AM, Dodge&Cox, Robeco, etc. (7 person-        highlights,
6                  2022 China
      2022                            interview   times)                                                 operations
                   Summit
                                                                                                         and financial
                                                                                                         performance,




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                  Harvest Fund, Perseverance Asset, CCB Principal
                   Presentation       Video and                                                          and long-
      August 31,                                  Asset Management, CITIC Securities, CICC, Morgan
7                  for 2022 Interim   telephone                                                          term strategic
      2022                                        Stanley, J.P. Morgan, UBS Group, Credit Suisse, etc.
                   Results of HTSC    interview                                                          planning of the
                                                  (more than 500 person-times)
                                                                                                         Company
                   Institutional
      November                        Telephone
8                  investigations                 Morgan Stanley (1 person-time)
      3, 2022                         interview
                   and surveys

                   2023 Investment
                   Strategy Annual
                                                  Shenwan Hongyuan, China Asset Management,
                   Meeting of
      November                       Telephone    ICBCCS, Taiping Fund, Zheshang Asset
9                  Shenwan
      7, 2022                        interview    Management, GF Asset Management, etc. (22




                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                   Hongyuan for
                                                  person- times)
                   leap ahead into a
                   new era




                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
                   Bank of America
      November                      Telephone     Dodge&Cox, Kadensa Capital, BofA Securities, etc.
10                 Securities China
      9, 2022                       interview     (7 person-times)
                   Investment Forum

                   Exchange
                   Meeting on                     Zheshang Securities, Hongcheng Capital,
      November                        Telephone
11                 Top Holdings                   Zhengyuan Investment, Sino-US MetLife, Tebon
      15, 2022                        interview
                   in Zheshang                    Fund, CITIC Wealth (26 person-times)
                   Securities




                                                                                                                           193
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VI) Corporate Cultural Construction

          The Company strives to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and
          global influence, always adheres to the core values of “high efficiency, integrity, stability and innovation”, is
          committed to the operation philosophy of “centered on customer services, oriented by customers’ needs”,
          spares no effort in being accountable to all clients, shareholders, staff and society to achieve harmony
          and unity. In recent years, leveraging on the corporate cultural connotation of “openness, inclusiveness,
          innovation, struggle and responsibility”, the Company continuously strengthened the cultural characteristics
          of “technology empowerment, innovation and initiative”, cultivating an open and inclusive cultural
          atmosphere of “positive and innovative”.

          During the Reporting Period, by practicing the core cultural values of securities industry in China of
          “compliance, integrity, professionalism and stability” and following the Ten Elements of Cultural Construction
          of the Securities Industry (《證券行業文化建設十要素》), the Company established and implemented an annual
          cultural construction plan in accordance with the requirements of the Evaluation Measures on Cultural
          Construction and Practice for Securities Companies (《證券公司文化建設實踐評估辦法》), improving the promotion
          and evaluation mechanism of culture construction, and incorporating relevant requirements into the
          Company’s internal control system. Improving internal and external recognition on culture, facilitating the
          continuous enhancement of the Company’s cohesion and unity, and strengthening public reputation and
          brand influence, are the critical evaluation metrics for the effectiveness of corporate cultural construction.
          The Company was awarded Golden Bull Award for Cultural Construction of Securities Companies ( 證券公司
          文化建設金牛獎 ) in the selection of the 2022 Golden Bull Award (2022 金牛獎 ) held by China Securities Journal.

          The Company values the promotion and practice of cultural concept and continues to optimize the system
          and mechanism promoting cultural orientation. The Company’s cultural construction leading group is
          responsible for the coordination and promotion of the Company’s cultural construction. Meanwhile, the
          Company established a cultural construction team comprising full-time and part-time staff, effectively
          advancing and implementing various substantial tasks of cultural construction. The Company organized
          and carried out corporate culture promotion activities through various internal and external as well as
          online and offline methods and channels, the content of which was in line with the Company’s core cultural
          values and operation philosophy.

          The Company always focuses on the feedback from internal and external platforms and has established
          clear channels for internal and external feedback. The Company values and listens to staff’s opinions and
          has established an effective feedback supervision system and incentive mechanism to strengthen the
          communication and feedback for relevant issues.

          The Company attaches great importance to the establishment and optimization of financial and non-
          financial reward measures for cultural construction. During the Reporting Period, the Company organized
          and carried out various themed selection and commending activities to continuously encourage the
          innovative and positive motivation of talents, improve their value and empower their growth. The Company
          also adopted effective measures to encourage its staff to participate in the trainings in relation to culture
          and professional ethics, so as to help its staff develop the awareness of conscious protection of state’s
          financial safety and enhancement on social responsibility as well as cultivate the cultural concept of
          proactive responsibility performance.

          (VII) Independence of the Auditor

          According to the relevant provisions in Rule 19A.31 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, annual accounts should
          be audited by a prestigious certified public accountant (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company),
          who (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company) also should be independent of the Chinese issuer
          to the extent that its independent procedures should be substantially the same as those specified in the
          statements on independence issued in the Companies Ordinance or by the International Federation of
          Accountants. According to the relevant provisions in Rule D.3.3 of the Corporate Governance Code as set
          out in Appendix 14 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Audit Committee should review and monitor the
          independence and objectiveness of external auditors as well as the validity of the auditing process in




194
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
accordance with applicable standards. During the Reporting Period, the Company engaged Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditors of A Shares and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the
auditors of H Shares. The Audit Committee had carried out necessary review and supervision to ensure the
independence between the firms and the Company.

(VIII) Changes in the Management Measures for Information Disclosure during the
Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, in accordance with the regulatory requirements of the CSRC and the SSE,
the Company comprehensively collated relevant measures for its information disclosure management,

                                                                                                                             About Us
amended some provisions of the Management Measures for Information Disclosure of Huatai Securities Co.,
Ltd., and simultaneously repealed the Internal Reporting System for Material Information of Huatai Securities
Co., Ltd. and the Information Disclosure Suspension and Exemption Management System of Huatai Securities
Co., Ltd., which were incorporated into the Management Measures for Information Disclosure of Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. The main contents of the amended Management Measures for Information Disclosure of
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. include: basic principles, content, management, responsibilities of relevant parties,
confidentiality measures for information disclosure as well as suspension and exemption of information
disclosure, etc. Such changes in the Management Measures for Information Disclosure will not adversely
affect investors’ rights and interests.

                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                           and Strategies




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                    195
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Environmental
          and Social
          Responsibilities




          I. ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                         Currency: RMB


          Establishment of environmental protection- related mechanisms                                          Yes

          Investment in environmental protection funds during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                              457.60
          (unit: Ten Thousand Yuan)



          (I) The Company is not in the list of attention units discharging pollutants published
          by the environmental protection authority

          (II) Description of the environmental protection of enterprises excluding attention
          units discharging pollutants

          1. During the Reporting Period, the Company was not subject to any administrative penalty
          arising from environmental issues

          2. Other environmental information with reference to disclosures of attention units discharging
          pollutants

          The Company is a financial company, which is not in the list of attention units discharging pollutants
          and their major subsidiaries published by the environmental protection authority. The Company entrusts
          qualified third-party organizations to conduct inspections for the wastewater, exhaust gases and noises of
          the headquarters office every year. All inspections are in line with the national standards.

          For possible rainstorms, typhoons and other extreme weather events as a result of climate change, the
          Company issues pre-warning alerts and notices to all departments and branches in time and relevant staff
          immediately adopt measures on preventing wind and water logging, inspect and clear flood-discharging
          facilities and prepare sandbags, raincoats and other emergency equipment. Under extreme weathers,
          relevant staff enhance inspections on key areas and parts in preventing wind and water logging and rectify
          equipment failure in time.

          3. During the Reporting Period, the Company had no undisclosed other environmental
          information




196
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(III) Relevant information beneficial to protecting ecosystem, preventing pollution
and performing environmental responsibilities

1. The Company actively responds to the Nanjing Municipal Domestic Waste Management Regulations and
sets waste sorting points on each floor. It publicizes the concepts and practice on waste sorting among
staff through pasting posters on waste sorting in striking parts of public places and playing videos on waste
sorting repeatedly in elevators to create an atmosphere of “waste sorting with all participation” and form
a habit of actively sorting and consciously putting waste. Office wastes of the Company are collected and
transported by the property management company. Hazardous wastes such as electronic wastes, light
pipes, toner cartridges and ink cartridges are recovered by qualified entities for further disposal or recycling.

2. As specified in the vehicle management system by the Company, new energy vehicles shall be given                          About Us
priority when purchasing vehicles for corporate affairs and operation of the Company to practice low-
carbon and environmental operation. The underground garage of headquarters office park is equipped
with charging piles for new energy vehicles and electric motorcycles to encourage employees to practice
green commuting and advocate green and environmental concepts.

3. For the decoration and renovation of business buildings of the Company, it takes measures such
as setting the shortest decoration intervals (decoration and renovation are not allowed for those not



                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
exceeding the shortest decoration intervals except under special circumstances) and improving the quality
of decoration and renovation projects to extend the life of decoration for business buildings, reduce the
frequency of decoration and minimize pollution from decoration and renovation. The Company adopts


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
new construction materials in decoration and renovation to achieve the integration of environmental
protection and buildings. For curtain walls, interior furnishings and landscapes, it follows green, innovative
and environmental concepts and focuses on the popularization of LED lighting with low energy consumption
in office areas to save lighting power in daily office to the maximum extent. It significantly reduces the
use of paint and other decoration materials and adopts environmental and paint-free materials instead.
Panel furniture is widely adopted for office and it generally eliminates the use of paint furniture. Greater
efforts are made in aerial detection and governance after decoration to improve the air quality in the office




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
environment so as to create a safe and comfortable office environment for employees.

(IV) Measures adopted for reducing its carbon emission during the Reporting Period
and their effects

Adoption of carbon reduction measures                                                                       Yes

Reduction of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions (unit: tons)                                              60.76

Type of carbon reduction measures (e.g. use of clean energy for power
                                                                                Use of clean energy for power
generation, use of carbon reduction technologies in the production
                                                                             generation and carbon reduction



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
process, R&D and production of new products that help reduce carbon
                                                                                 technologies in data centers
emissions, etc.)




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
1. Green Park

The Company implements its concept of garden-like office to proactively build a green park. The greening
rate of Huatai Securities Square is 27.9%, which is higher than that of general business office areas. Around
the concept of garden- like office, the Company consistently expanded the plantation area of green plants
and focused on reducing carbon emission through creating a multi-level landscape based on developing
greening in central area.

The Company actively promotes clean energy. The Company installed solar photovoltaic power generation
systems, solar water heating systems, solar light induction lighting systems, ground source heat pump
systems, etc. in office areas to make full use of renewable energy. The Company saved 95,597 kWh of
electricity throughout 2022 with photovoltaic power generation systems. Through the air conditioning ice




                                                                                                                    197
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          storage and cooling system, ground air supply system, intelligent lighting control in the office area and other
          measures, the Company has reduced energy consumption, decreased carbon emissions as a result, and
          brought good social benefits to the low carbon economy.

          2. Green Office

          The Company continues to promote green office by strengthening the management of energy use, water
          efficiency, greenhouse gas emissions and waste emissions, and the Company aims to reduce the carbon
          footprint of its operations on the basis of strict ecological and environmental protection, and support
          the implementation of national call on “carbon peak and carbon neutrality” with practical actions. The
          Company calls on all employees to integrate the concepts of resources saving and emission reduction into
          their work and life and is devoted to minimizing the impact of its own operation on the environment. It has
          adopted the following measures to save energy, reduce emission and protect the environment:

          (1) Promotion of paperless office: the Company promoted paperless office based on the OA system and
          the electronic signature platform, and used environmental-friendly paper in business card production,
          report printing and other processes, and the Company advanced online procurement, fully realized the
          whole process of online and standardized procurement of office supplies and promotional items from
          procurement to centralized settlement and payment through the coordinated operation of multiple systems
          including procurement, contracts and payment, reducing the use of paper materials in the process. In 2022,
          leveraging on electronic signature management platform, the Company provided convenient and efficient
          online signing services, for which the Company saved over 5 million pieces of paper through the online
          signing services of the electronic signature management platform across the year.

          (2) Promotion of energy saving and emission reduction: the Company used video meeting systems to
          reduce the number of on-site meetings and carbon emissions from business travel; Priority will be given
          to the purchase of new energy vehicles and encouragement of green travel to reduce fossil energy
          consumption and vehicle emissions.

          (3) Enhancement of waste utilization management: the Company disposed waste by upholding the
          concept of “waste recycling and value innovation”, encouraged the reuse of waste materials and entrusted
          qualified units for the recycling and treatment of non-hazardous and hazardous wastes and wastewater.
          The Company discharged office wastewater into the municipal sewage pipeline and transported the
          wastewater to the municipal wastewater treatment plant. The Company also required the property
          management center to clear and transported office waste; electronic waste, light tubes, toner cartridges,
          ink cartridges and other hazardous waste entrusted to qualified units for recycling, disposal or reuse by the
          recycling party, and evaluated the usage of discarded office devices, optimized the allocation of fixed asset
          resources and improved the utilization rate of existing assets.

          3. Green Data Center

          The data center of Huatai Securities Square covers an area of approximately 5,541 square meters. From
          the pre-construction to post-operation, the Company’s goal is to build a green data center. To this end,
          the Company has continually adopted various methods to improve energy efficiency. In terms of resource
          deployment, the Company continues to promote business cloudization with online operation of “ZhangLe”
          commissions and online trading commissions in 2022 and approximately 130 physical servers offloaded. As
          for the infrastructure of machine room, efficient energy-saving cold-aisle closure technologies are adopted
          in the area of machine room to increase the cooling efficiency of the equipment, enhance the effectiveness
          of the cold-flow utilization. The Company improved the isolation effect of hot and cold aisles by adding
          blind plates. Meanwhile, it renovated and updated the return louvers of air-conditioning rooms to reduce
          resistance in air returning and energy loss. In order to improve the refrigerating efficiency of air conditioners
          in the data center, the Company deployed temperature-controlled power air diffuser units for hotter areas
          in the machine room to provide reasonable and necessary cooling draught for hotter areas. On this basis,
          it enables that the temperature change and air flow always correspond to each other, achieved precise
          temperature control and improved the efficiency of cold energy utilization, thereby ensuring the reasonable
          distribution of cold air flow. The run time of air-conditioning compressors in corresponding areas is




198
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
shortened, and one air-conditioning unit can reduce power consumption by about 30 kWh each day and
about 10,950 kWh each year.



II. SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
The Company is a financial company in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London. While disclosing its 2022 Annual
Report, the Company also disclosed the 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities Co.,
Ltd., which has been published on the website of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of HKEX (www.
hkexnews.hk), the website of LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com) and the website of the Company (www.

                                                                                                                           About Us
htsc.com.cn) on March 31, 2023.




     In 2022, in the ESG rating of Morgan Stanley
     Capital International (MSCI), the MSCI ESG
                                                                                 A
     rating of the Company maintained A for two
                                                                  the highest level in the domestic
     consecutive years, representing the highest


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                  securities industry
     level in the domestic securities industry and
     surpassing 72% of its peers globally.



                                                                                                                         and Strategies

                                                                                                  Currency: RMB


External donations, public welfare projects              Number/Content      Description

                                                                             Total investment in external




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Total investment (Ten Thousand Yuan)                              4,282.89
                                                                             donations of the Company

                                                                             Total investment in external
   Of which: Funds (Ten Thousand Yuan)                            4,282.89
                                                                             donations of the Company

            Material discount (Ten Thousand Yuan)                        -   -

                                                                             Please refer to the description
Number of persons benefited (people)                                     -
                                                                             below this table



Description: In 2022, the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education program of



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
the Company benefited a total of 9,605 children and teachers; Huatai Foundation funded 212 children in
need; and the Company jointly established technology scholarships with Peking University, Fudan University
and Shanghai Jiao Tong University, which awarded 280 outstanding students. Huatai Futures carried out



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
“insurance + futures” programs, which provided risk protections of approximately RMB2.0 billion to 23,237
peasant households who were compensated by approximately RMB50.00 million.




                                                                                                                  199
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          1. Deepening Social Responsibility Management through ESG Integration

          (1) Social responsibility principles

          The Company has always been adhering to its core values of “efficiency, honesty, prudency, and innovation”
          and its business philosophy of “centering on customer service, driven by customer demand, and aiming for
          customer satisfaction”, integrating ESG into the routine businesses of the Company, striving to create value
          for customers, shareholders, employees, society and other stakeholders.




          The Company always places
          its customers at the center and
          strives to create value for its                       Trust of
          customers, so as to win their                        Customers
                                                                                             The Company values people that
          trust with high-quality financial
                                                                                             are both talented and morally
          services.
                                                                                             respectable, for whom it has
                                                                                             built a solid career development
                                                                                             platform and fostered an
                                                             Responsibility                  optimistic corporate culture, so

                                           Satisfaction of     Principles      Pride of      as to achieve common growth
                                                                                             with its employees.
                                           Shareholders        of Huatai      Employees
                                                               Securities




          The Company standardizes its                         Respect of
          corporate governance structure                        Society
          and attaches great importance                                                      The Company values the
          to risk management and                                                             harmonious development
          compliant operation, aiming to                                                     of the financial system and
          achieve a stable increase in asset                                                 the society, gives full play to
          value and ensure sustainable                                                       its professional strengths to
          returns to its shareholders.                                                       facilitate social advances. It
                                                                                             also actively partic ipates in
                                                                                             social welfare promotion and
                                                                                             green development, fulfilling its
                                                                                             responsibilities as a corporate
                                                                                             citizen.




          (2) Social responsibility and ESG Management Structure

          Employing social responsibility and ESG management as part of its development strategy, the Company
          set up the ESG Committee under the direct management and leadership of the Board of Directors and the
          senior management of the Company to continuously improve its ESG management structure, established
          an ESG management mechanism with the linkage between upper and lower levels and continued to
          improve the systematicness and effectiveness of its ESG management. The Company established an ESG
          management team under the ESG Committee and arranged liaison officers in relevant departments of the
          headquarters and in subsidiaries to be responsible for the actual implementation of ESG-related works.




200
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Social Responsibility Management Structure
of Huatai Securities

Supervision level                                                 Board of
· Fully supervise ESG-related affairs                             Directors


                                                               Senior
Management level                                             management
· Formulate ESG strategies for the Company

                                                                                                                         About Us
· Evaluate the importance of ESG-
related affairs which will be taken into                    ESG Committee
                                                 (with the CEO serving as the chairman and the
consideration in business operations            Secretary to the Board as the deputy-chairman)
·Supervise the implementation and
progress of ESG strategies
                                         Permanent members                      Professional
· Identify ESG-related                   (persons-in-charge of relevant
                                                                                  members
opportunities and risks                   departments and subsidiaries)


                                                       ESG Management Team

                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Execution level                      Fixed Income Department
                                     Research Institute                       Persons-in-charge of other
· Actual implementation              Human Resources Department               relevant departments and



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                     Risk Management Department               subsidiaries and backbone
of ESG relevant work                 Strategy and Development Department      members with expertise
                                     Huatai Asset Management                  knowledge and professional
                                     Huatai International                     capabilities in ESG
                                     Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                     Huatai United Securities




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
(3) Social responsibility and ESG Management Systems

In 2022, the Company organized and held the meeting of the ESG Committee, which considered and
released the Statement on Employees’ Interests and Welfare of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., the Statement on
the Exercise of the External Voting Right of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., the Code of Conduct on Suppliers of
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and other ESG management systems.



Relevant ESG Management Systems of Huatai Securities:

Statement on Employees’ Interests and Welfare of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
Statement on the Exercise of the External Voting Right of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Code of Conduct on Suppliers of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
Responsible Investment Statement of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2021)




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Environmental and Social Management Statement of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2021)
Regulations on Anti-Corruption and Integrity of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                201
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Compliant Operation to Protect the Realization of Rights and Interests of All Parties

          The Company conscientiously implements the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Standards for the
          Governance of Listed Companies (《上市公司治理準則》) and other documents and has established a system of
          modern enterprise organization and an operation mechanism with the General Meeting, the Board of Directors,
          the Supervisory Committee and the senior management. It follows the principles of independent operation,
          effective checks and balances, mutual cooperation and coordinated operation of various governance bodies
          and continuously improves the operation mechanism of the Meetings and the management to improve its
          corporate governance efficiency.

          Acted in strict accordance with the Administrative Measures for the Disclosure of Information of Listed
          Companies issued by the CSRC and other legal norms and relevant requirements, the Company also
          formulated the Management Measures for Information Disclosure, Internal Reporting System for Material
          Information, the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality and other rules
          and regulations to provide comprehensive regulation on information disclosure of the Company, so as to
          disclose information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner, and ensure that all shareholders
          have equal access to relevant information of the Company. In 2022, the Company was rated the highest-
          level Class A in the 2021-2022 information disclosure evaluation of listed companies by the SSE.

          In line with changes in laws and regulations, the Company’s business practice and compliance
          management requirements, the Company promulgated or amended management systems such as
          Management Measures on Sanction Compliance Work of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (《华泰证券股份有限公司
          制裁合規工作管理辦法》), Management System of Information Segregation Wall of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
          (《华泰证券股份有限公司信息隔離牆管理制度》), Management System of Abnormal Securities Trading Behavior
          of Exchange Customers of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (《华泰证券股份有限公司交易所客戶證券異常交易行為管
          理制度》) and Rules for Compliance Management of OTC Derivatives Business of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
          (《华泰证券股份有限公司場外衍生品業務合規管理細則》), covering various aspects of anti-money laundering,
          management on abnormal trading behavior and information segregation wall and other multiple aspects,
          thus ensuring management requirements to be more institutional and well-regulated.

          The suppliers of Company mainly include those related to IT hardware, IT software, products for project
          construction, comprehensive materials, products for Internet marketing and promotion, information
          products and relevant services. The Company strictly followed the Tendering and Bidding Law of the
          People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國招標投標法》), the Government Procurement Law of the People’s
          Republic of China (《中華人民共和國政府採購法》) and other laws and regulations. The Company continued
          to strengthen the supplier management thus to create a sound supplier cooperation ecosystem. The
          Company issued the Code of Conduct on Suppliers of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (《华泰证券股份有限公司供應商
          行為準則》) in 2022, which clarified the criteria for the operational conducts of its suppliers, sub-contractors
          and staffs thereof and required suppliers to practice the principles of integrity, ethics, safety, impartiality
          and confidentiality.

          The Company strictly complied with various requirements on financial marketing publicity and product
          advertisement stipulated by the Advertisement Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國廣告
          法》), the Notice on Further Standardizing Financial Marketing Publicity (《關於進一步規範金融營銷宣傳行為的
          通知》), the Measures for Supervision and Administration of the Sales Organizations of Securities Investment
          Funds in Public Offering (《公開募集證券投資基金銷售機構監督管理辦法》) and the Interim Regulations on the
          Administration of Publicity and Referral Materials of Securities Investment Funds in Public Offering (《公開募集
          證券投資基金宣傳推介材料管理暫行規定》) and formulated the Administrative Measures for Marketing Publicity
          Activities (《規範營銷宣傳管理辦法》) and the Administrative Measures for Proxy Sale of Financial Products
          (《金融產品代銷管理辦法》), establishing and improving the internal control systems on the advertising and
          marketing management of financial products, continuously strengthening the management of marketing
          publicity activities and preventing risks resulting from illicit marketing publicity.

          3. Promoting Sustainable Development with Responsible Finance

          The Company strengthened the clients’ ESG risk management, identified, analyzed and managed possible
          significant ESG issues of clients through due diligence and other means. It enhanced concerns on climate-




202
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
related risks, strengthened the internal establishment of ESG risk management and improved the business
management capability of ESG risks of the Company by means of research, exchange, training and others.

The Company advocated technology on ESG risks. As an integral part of the CAMS intelligent grading
system, the CAMS ESG function module is an important instrument of the Company to continuously follow
and monitor the level of exposure to ESG risks and the response to ESG risks of listed companies and bond
issuers. The CAMS ESG function module is an important tool for the Company to apply financial technology
to empower ESG risk management and integrate the ESG concepts into the decision-making on investment
of the business departments of the Company.

The Company practiced the concept of responsible investment and deepened the integration of ESG

                                                                                                                          About Us
with business investment and financing. On the basis of the Responsible Investment Statement of Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2021), the Company gradually improved the work on the organizational
structure and management, investment strategy and application, as well as research and communication
for responsible investment. In the process of investments, the Company has included ESG factors in
preliminary screening on investment targets, in-depth analysis of the investment and research team,
approval and decision-making of the investment decision-making committee. The Company clearly
requires relevant business units to incorporate ESG factors into the full investment process of group-wide
equity investment business (including equity investment in listed companies and equity investment in



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
emerging markets), fixed- income investment business, private equity investment and equity investment
in alternative investment business. It includes three important factors, namely environmental responsibility,
social responsibility and corporate governance, as restrictive indexes, into regular investment decision-


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
making.

4. Green Finance to Boost the Green Transformation of Economy

The Company vigorously develops green finance, supports the listing of new energy, energy-saving
and environmental protection enterprises, and innovates green financial investment and financing
instruments to jointly promote green technology innovation and help the green transformation of
economic development. By utilizing domestic and overseas resources, the Company has been providing




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
comprehensive financial services to many “carbon peak and carbon neutrality” and “green” enterprises by
leveraging its advantages in full-cycle and full-product services. In addition, the Company has optimized
the allocation of resources, assisted enterprises in M&A and restructuring to broaden financing channels
and promote the transformation and upgrade of traditional industries featuring intelligence, light asset and
greenness.

The Company continues to promote its green bond business to support the development of green industry
projects. In 2022, our subsidiary Huatai United Securities underwrote a total of 53 green bonds with an
underwriting scale of RMB26.882 billion and a total issuance amount of RMB155.072 billion, contributing to its
efforts in realizing the strategic objectives of carbon peaking and carbon neutrality. The Company allocates
various green infrastructure assets and innovative green financial products and services. In 2022, Huatai




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Asset Management, a subsidiary of the Company, issued five ABS products for green financial projects with
a total scale of RMB5.837 billion, and 17 green financial products with a total cumulative issuance scale of
RMB21.680 billion. The Company actively participated in the important exchange activities in the field of




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
“carbon peak and carbon neutrality” and “sustainability” both at home and abroad. Huatai International, a
subsidiary of the Company, won the Trophy of “First Participants in Hong Kong International Carbon Market”
and completed carbon emissions reduction transactions in RMB and HKD. The Company strengthened
the research related to green finance, and published over ten reports about “carbon peak and carbon
neutrality”, “sustainable”, “new energy” and “environmental protection and low carbon” and other related
topics and in-depth research and study results.

5. Forging ahead Dauntlessly and Facilitating the Development of Real Economies

Adhering to the orientation of national strategic deployments and remaining true to the original aspirations
on serving real economies, the Company displayed the role as a bridge connecting real economies and the
capital market and carried out intensive and specialized operation in serving the construction of modern




                                                                                                                 203
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          industrial systems, facilitating industrial transformation and upgrading as well as industrial adjustments,
          promoting regional coordinated development and promoting higher- standard opening up, contributing
          its strength in advancing the modernization construction with Chinese characteristics. Relying on a highly
          coordinated business model, the Company efficiently integrates the entire business chain of research,
          investment banking, investment and asset management, and continues to enhance its comprehensive
          financial services capabilities across the business chain by focusing on strategic emerging industries and
          supporting technology innovation enterprises, private enterprises, small and medium-sized enterprises
          and other real economies to achieve high-quality development through the capital market. Leveraging
          on the full business chain system and the advantages of an onshore and offshore integrated platform of
          a large investment bank, the Group recorded an equity lead underwriting amount of RMB155,369 million in
          2022, ranking the fourth in the industry. Huatai Asset Management established various sub-funds to support
          private enterprises. It provided liquidity support and securities and financial services to real economies
          through financing with the pledge of stocks, equity investment and other means with a total investment
          scale of RMB15,884 million.

          Focusing on serving domestic customers to “go global” and “bringing in” overseas customers, the Company
          provides all-round support for building a new pattern of opening capital market to the outside world and
          actively responds to the national strategy on promoting higher-standard opening up. Among the 10 GDRs
          completed in all markets in 2022, Huatai International, a subsidiary of the Company, participated in 6
          GDRs, maintaining the leading advantages in the GDR sector. Adhering to the international development
          concept of “upholding fundamental principles and breaking new ground and connecting the south and
          north”, the Company develops the intermediary business in the capital market, expands the participation
          in mainstream international markets and vigorously promotes the construction of a modern cross-border
          capital market with Chinese characteristics. In 2022, the Company obtained the letter of no objection
          from the CSRC on the application for the establishment of a subsidiary in Singapore, achieving new
          breakthroughs in international layout.

          6. Digital Transformation to Safeguard Product Service Responsibility

          The Company is a forward-looking financial technology provider by deepening the application of digital
          technology in finance and actively pursuing the sustainable development strategy of “finance + technology
          + green”. We endeavor to ensure the implementation of the digital transformation of the Company by
          improving the structure of the system and setting scientific targets. The Company insights into market
          needs, innovates business products and service models, accelerates the process of comprehensive
          digitization and intelligent transformation, thus promoting the development of a brand new technology
          ecology. The Company continued to explore cutting-edge technologies such as artificial intelligence, cloud
          computing and big data to enhance the digitization of its entire business chain.

          The Company put more efforts on introducing talents in core and emerging fields and focused on campus
          recruitment of technology talents. In 2022, the Company used product-oriented ideas to build FINTECH
          strategic talent advantage and held the first financial technology challenge event in the brokerage industry
          to enhance the effectiveness of school recruitment of technology talents. The Company established a
          business continuity management mechanism by taking key businesses as a breakthrough, continuing the
          construction of key resources, enhancing system high availability and disaster tolerance, improving system
          monitoring coverage and business awareness, upgrading the level of automatic fault disposal, establishing
          sound closed-loop management of incident problems, substantially eliminating production risks and hidden
          dangers, so as to successfully complete various important protection tasks. The Company’s information
          system operated smoothly overall in 2022.

          The Company strictly complied with the Data Security Law (《數據安全法》), the Personal Information Protection
          Law (《個人信息保護法》) and other relevant laws and regulations, and attached great importance to information
          security work, served customer privacy protection as priority and continued to increase the construction of
          information security and privacy protection by strictly preventing the misuse and leakage of information to
          ensure the safety of the Company’s data and customers’ privacy.

          The Company implemented the regulatory requirements of the regulators on investor protection and




204
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
investor education by focusing on the full integration of investor education and protection into the whole
process of daily business and increasing the construction of investor education endeavor to enhance the
awareness of investors on risk prevention. In 2022, the Company’s new-generation investor education base
network was further expanded, forming an operational network of investor education bases with national-
level investor education bases as the main base, internet investor education bases, provincial-level investor
education bases and university investor education corners as a whole. In 2022, Huatai Securities Nanjing
National Investor Education Base was awarded “Excellent” rating for the “Year 2021-2022 National Securities
and Futures Investor Education Base”.

7. People-oriented Philosophy and Growing Together with Employees

The Company strictly observed the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動法》),                              About Us
the Labour Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動合同法》) and other laws
and regulations to carry out standard management on employment and dismissal, equal employment,
working hours management, rest and holidays and the prevention of child labour and forced labour. The
Company has always regarded the growth of employees as one of the core elements of the Company’s
development, implemented the international talent introduction and cultivation strategy, provided
employees with a perfect talent cultivation mechanism, scientific career advancement channel, sound
welfare protection system and reasonable incentive measures, and enhanced employees’ sense of identity


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
and belonging to the Company. In 2022, the Company released the Statement on Employees’ Interests and
Welfare of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (《华泰证券股份有限公司員工權益及福利聲明》). The statement serves as a



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
framework document for the protection of employees’ rights and interests and reflects the people-oriented
management philosophy of the Company.

The Company focused on building a branded and ecological recruitment operation system to deepen
the market influence of employer brand and enhance the attractiveness of talents. We made forward-
looking planning of talent layout, continued to increase the introduction of talents in core and emerging
fields, enhanced the thickness of talents and improved the competitive advantage of talents. The Company
firmly opposed discrimination in employment and ensured that employees’ employment and occupational
development do not be affected by race, belief, gender, religion, nationality, ethnic group, age, marital




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
status, disability, social status, etc. Meanwhile, the Company paid attention to the employment of female
candidates and minority ethnic candidates, and provided equal and fair employment opportunities thereof.

8. Giving Back to Society to Promote Common Prosperity

(1) Assisting in ecological protection

Since the establishment of the public welfare project of “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Yangtze
River” on ecological protection in 2018, the Company fully displayed the role of a financial institution as link
and joined hands with public welfare organizations, university research institutions and the public to support
the protection of biodiversity and environment with the Yangtze River Basin as the key area. In 2022, Huatai



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Securities donated and initiated the establishment of Huatai Foundation and the “One Yangtze River” special
fund on environmental protection with the Phase-I capital of RMB10 million. It provides more professional
and continuous supports to local work, facilitates the growth of talents in different stages in environmental




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
protection and charity, promotes cross-border linkage between capitals and protection and guides capital
inflow into public welfare.

In 2022, under the advocacy of the 15th meeting of the UN Conference of the Parties to the Convention on
Biological Diversity (CBD COP15), the “Independent Commitments by Non-State Actors” of the Company with
the theme of “One Yangtze River One World” was officially included in the database of the United Nations
CBD “Action Agenda”, making it the first financial enterprise with independent commitments in China.

In 2022, the Company established the “One Yangtze River” special fund on environmental protection
through Huatai Foundation, providing assistance to the expansion of environmental protection activities
and the development of talents in environmental protection and charity, such as “Little Step Scholarship
- One Yangtze River Young Movers Support Program” to reward and support outstanding young people




                                                                                                                   205
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          who are devoted to long- term development in the ecological and environmental protection sector with
          certain actual contributions in the frontline and with potentials; the “Streamlet Action - One Yangtze River
          Subsidy Scheme on Environmental Protection Activities by College Students” to provide small subsidies and
          supporting experts’ guidance to college students and direct them to carry out environmental protection
          activities in more scientific and rational manners, thus to contribute youth strengths for environmental
          protection industry.

          (2) Practicing charity with love

          Since its establishment in 2016, the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education
          project has been dedicated to improving the mental health and overall quality of left-behind children,
          helping their healthy growth, promoting educational equity, and mobilizing the efforts of various parties
          to help children in need to continuously improve their living conditions. The project provides targeted
          voluntary services for left-behind children and teachers by sponsoring schools with a high density of left-
          behind children, in conjunction with the characteristics and differentiated needs of the schools, introducing
          resources from experts in psychology, education, sociology, intangible culture, ecology and sports,
          cultivating the children’s diversified interests and hobbies, and helping their growth. In 2022, the project has
          benefited 64,578 children and 9,980 teachers. In addition to the donation from the Company, the project
          team has cooperated with public fund-raising foundations to bring in 108,832 donations amounting to
          RMB2.347 million for assisting a total of 912 children in financial difficulties.

          9. Green Development to Actively Deal with Climate Change

          The Company has always attached great importance to and actively dealt with the risks and challenges
          brought by climate change. In order to disclose its measures to address climate change in a more specific
          and detailed manner, the Company disclosed its identification, analysis and countermeasures of climate
          risks and opportunities related to its operations based on the recommended framework of Task Force
          on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai
          Securities Co., Ltd., including: climate-related risk management, strategy, risk management, metrics and
          targets and potential financial impact analysis. For details of 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., please refer to the website of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of
          the HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk), the website of the LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com) and our Company
          website (www.htsc.com.cn) on March 31, 2023.




206
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Summary of climate-related disclosures by TCFD

             • The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for comprehensively
             supervising climate risk
             Fully aware of the severity and urgency of addressing the impact of
             climate change and strengthening the standardization and supervision
             on climate risk management
             Assuming overall responsibility for the Company’s climate risk
             management, regularly reviewing climate risk management strategies,


                                                                                                                         About Us
             objectives, risks and opportunities, action plans and other major decisions
             and paying particular attention to resolutions on climate change

             • The ESG Committee is the decision-making and deliberative body
             for ESG work
             Responsible for reviewing strategies, goals and other major decisions
             related to environmental protection, climate change and other
             sustainable development
             Conducting important tasks such as climate change strategy formulation,


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
             determination of the importance of climate change issues, and
                                                                                             P15, 32-
             identification of risks and opportunities of climate
                                                                                             33 of 2022

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
             Responsible for the construction and management of climate-
                                                                                             Corporate Social
             related mechanism, and coordination of the formation and overall
Governance                                                                                   Responsibility
             implementation of climate change strategies
                                                                                   Report of Huatai
             • The ESG management team is accountable to the ESG Committee and Securities Co.,
             responsible for the implementation and promotion of environmental and Ltd.
             climate change-related policies
             The implementation of climate risk management strategy, statistics of




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
             energy and resource consumption, and the accounting of greenhouse
             gas emissions

             • All business departments and subsidiaries jointly promote the
             implementation of climate change actions

             • The Company exercises the voting right and states its concerns about
             resolutions on climate change, including but not limited to carbon neutrality
             goals, actions on carbon emission reduction and response to climate-
             related substantial and transformation risks
             Approving relevant resolutions in principle and incorporating relevant



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
             regulatory policies on climate change, relevant systems of the Company
             on climate change, the impacts of climate change risks on the operation
             and finance of the Company as well as the measures of the Company on



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
             identifying and responding to risks into consideration

             • Carrying out the identification, evaluation and analysis of climate-
                                                                                             P32-37 of 2022
             related risks and opportunities
                                                                                             Corporate Social
             • Determining the climate-related risks and opportunities which are Responsibility
Strategy
             material for the Company’s business and operations                              Report of Huatai
                                                                                             Securities Co.,
             • Gradually improving the top-level design for managing climate-
                                                                                             Ltd.
             related risks and opportunities




                                                                                                                207
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                        Based on its business and strategy, and combined with expert opinions ,
                                                                                                   P32-37 of 2022
                        the Company evaluates climate-related risks and opportunities. Moreover,
                                                                                                 Corporate Social
                     the Company constructs a climate-related risk and opportunity matrix
          Risk                                                                                   Responsibility
                     based on the assessment results and identifies the materiality of the risks
          management                                                                             Report of Huatai
                     and opportunities based on their probability and degree of impact, while
                                                                                                 Securities Co.,
                     also improves the mechanism for climate-related risks and opportunities
                                                                                                 Ltd.
                     on an on-going basis

                        • As a financial enterprise, the Company consumes energy and
                        discharges carbon mainly for daily office work in the course of
                        operations, involving energy such as electricity, natural gas, petrol
                        used for company owned vehicles and diesel used for diesel
                        generators
                        Implementing various energy conservation and emission reduction P32-37, 42-47,
                        measures such as adopting renewable energy sources, promoting 91-93 of 2022
                        recycling, reducing paper consumption and advocating green and low- Corporate Social
          Metrics and
                        carbon travel, so as to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions Responsibility
          targets
                        • The Company conducts statistics and analysis of total carbon Report of Huatai
                        emissions and energy consumption and intensity to assess the Securities Co.,
                        management on climate change issue and accordingly formulate Ltd.
                        improvement scheme to promote energy conservation and emission
                        reduction
                        With taking 2021 as the base year, the Company has set carbon emission
                        and energy management targets, and will track and report on the
                        progress of such targets on an annual basis




208
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
III. Details on Consolidation and Expansion of the Results of
Poverty Alleviation, Rural Revitalization and Other Work
                                                                                                      Currency: RMB


                                                        Number/
Poverty alleviation and rural revitalization project    Content        Description

Total investment (Ten Thousand Yuan)                    2,200.03        Investment in rural revitalization

  Of which: Funds (Ten Thousand Yuan)                   2,200.03        Investment in rural revitalization

            Material discount (Ten Thousand Yuan)       –               -                                                      About Us

                                                                        In 2022, the “One Commonweal
                                                                        Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural
                                                                        education program benefited a total
Number of persons benefited (people)                    9,817
                                                                        of 9,605 children and teachers; and
                                                                        Huatai Foundation funded 212 children
                                                                        in need.

                                                                        In “Five-party Linkage” assistance                  Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                        in pair and “Village-enterprise Joint
                                                                        Construction” works, support was
                                                        Industry
                                                                        provided to facility agriculture, rural
                                                        alleviation,
Forms of poverty alleviation (such as industry                          tourism and other industrial projects;
                                                        education
alleviation, employment alleviation, education                          the “One Commonweal Heart of
                                                        alleviation,
alleviation, etc.)                                                      Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education
                                                        consumer
                                                                        program was implemented; and
                                                        support
                                                                        consumer support products were




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                        purchased from corresponding
                                                                        supporting areas in Jiangsu Province.



Detailed description:

In 2022, Huatai Securities established the Huatai Foundation with its self-funds, and joined hands with its
subsidiaries to set up a special fund for rural revitalization through the Huatai Foundation, which will be used
exclusively for rural revitalization and public welfare projects to repay the society with a stronger sense of
responsibility and higher professionalism, and will rely on the Huatai Foundation to gather the strength of
more partners to support public welfare and charity, thus to boost sustainable development and promote




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
social justice.

In 2022, the Company served the national strategy of rural revitalization wholeheartedly by continuing to
deepen the “One Company Helps One County” pair assistance, “Five- party Linkage” assistance for Jiangsu



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Province and “Village-enterprise Joint Construction” with 10 villages in central and northern Jiangsu, thus
fully supporting the work of east- west cooperation and counterpart support in Jiangsu Province. In Jinzhai,
Anhui Province, the Company set up a research group on county economic development to provide
financial solutions for economic and social development in Jinzhai by leveraging the intellectual strengths
of financial talents. In Feng County, Jiangsu Province, the Company designated staff to join the support
team under new Jiangsu Provincial Party Committee in Feng County to carry out village support, which we
donated RMB1 million for projects such as high-efficiency facility agriculture and smart village governance.
In the village-enterprise construction in central and northern Jiangsu Province, we donated RMB1,543,600 for
village-enterprise construction. The Company also actively supported consumer support and purchased
RMB3.3 million of consumer support products from corresponding supporting areas in Jiangsu Province.
In 2022, the Company was honored as the “Advanced Unit of ‘Five-party Linkage’ Assistance Work in the
Province for 2020-2021” and also honored as the “Advanced Unit of Consumer Assistance (Lhasa) in 2022” by
the Forward Command Department of Partner Assistance (Lhasa, Tibet) in Jiangsu Province.




                                                                                                                      209
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Major Events




          I. PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS
          Undertakings of de facto controllers, Shareholders, related parties, purchasers
          of the Company, the Company and other undertaking-related parties made or
          remained effective during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                            Any            Strictly
          Background                                                                       Date and         deadline for   performed
          of            Type of     Undertaking                                            duration of      performance    in a timely
          undertaking   undertaking party          Content of undertaking                  undertaking      or not         manner or not

                                                  Guoxin Group and its subsidiaries or
                                                  associated companies shall not engage
                                                  in or conduct any business which may
                                                  compete with the primary business of
                                                  Huatai Securities in any way (including
          Other
                                                  but not limited to self-operated, joint-
          undertakings
                                                  ventured or associated) at any time in Issuing date:
          made to      To solve
                                                  the future (except for Jintai Futures Co., June 27, 2014;
          minority     horizontal    Guoxin Group                                                            No            Yes
                                                  Ltd.). For any opportunities to conduct, expiry date: in a
          Shareholders competition
                                                  engage in or invest in any business        long term
          of the
                                                  that may compete with the business
          Company
                                                  of Huatai Securities available to Guoxin
                                                  Group and its subsidiaries or associated
                                                  companies, Guoxin Group will give
                                                  such opportunities to Huatai Securities
                                                  (except for Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.).




          II. THERE WAS NO NON-OPERATING MISAPPROPRIATION OF FUNDS
          OF THE COMPANY BY ANY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND
          OTHER RELATED PARTIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

          I I I . TH E CO M PANY HAD N O G UARANTEES I N VI O L ATI O N O F
          REGULATIONS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD




210
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
IV. STANDARD UNQUALIFIED OPINION AUDIT REPORT WAS PREPARED
BY THE ACCOUNTING FIRM OF THE COMPANY


V. ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION FROM THE COMPANY ON THE
REASONS AND IMPACT OF THE CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES
AN D ACCOU NTI N G ESTI MATES O R CO RRECTIO N O F MAJO R
ACCOUNTING ERRORS
                                                                                                                            About Us
(I) Analysis and explanation from the Company on the reasons and impact of the
change of accounting policies and accounting estimates

For the change of accounting policies and accounting estimates during the Reporting Period, please refer
to Note 2. Significant accounting policies to the consolidated financial statements in this report.

(II) The Company made no correction of major accounting errors

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
VI. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRM

                                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                        Previously employed           Currently employed

                                                                                             Deloitte Touche
Name of the domestic accounting firm                           KPMG Huazhen LLP          Tohmatsu Certified




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                                      Public Accountants LLP

Remuneration of the domestic accounting firm                                  332                          295

Audit duration of the domestic accounting firm                             8 years                       1 year

Name of certified public accountants of the domestic
                                                     Cheng Hailiang, Qian Ruwen         Hu Xiaojun, Han Jian
accounting firm

Continued duration of auditing services by certified
                                                                           4 years                       1 year
public accountants of the domestic accounting firm

                                                                                             Deloitte Touche



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Name of the overseas accounting firm                                        KPMG
                                                                                                   Tohmatsu

Remuneration of the overseas accounting firm                                  265                           125




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Audit duration of the overseas accounting firm                             7 years                       1 year


                                                   Name                              Remuneration

Accounting firm for the auditing of           Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu      Please refer to the description
internal controls                       Certified Public Accountants LLP                   below this table




                                                                                                                   211
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Description of appointment and removal of accounting firm

          Pursuant to the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Selection and Appointment of Accounting
          Firms by State-owned Financial Enterprises (Cai Jin [2020] No. 6)(《國有金融企業選聘會計師事務所管理辦法》( 財金
          [2020]6 號 )) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the service term of the accounting firm previously appointed
          by the Company, namely KPMG Huazhen LLP, expired after the completion of the audit on the 2021 Annual
          Report. Upon approval at the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting, the Company employed Deloitte
          Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its
          holding subsidiaries for the 2022 annual financial statements and internal control to issue A Share audit
          report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the
          audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee in
          aggregate was RMB4.20 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.35 million).




          VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RISKS OF SUSPENSION OF LISTING,
          TERMINATION OF LISTING, BANKRUPTCY AND RESTRUCTURING


          VIII. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

          During the Reporting Period, there were no material litigation and arbitration of the Company with amount
          involving more than RMB10 million and accounting for more than 10% of the absolute value of the audited
          net assets of the Company for the latest period, which are required to be disclosed by the Rules Governing
          the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.

          (I) Litigation and arbitration disclosed in ad hoc announcements without
          subsequent development

          Summary and type of event                                              Query indexes

          Debt dispute between the Company and Sichuan Shengda Group Could be retrieved in the annual
          Co., Ltd. ( 四川聖達集團有限公司 )                                   report for the Year 2021

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities, Stone Group ( 四通集 Could be retrieved in the annual
          團 ) and Stone Group Financial Company ( 四通集團財務公司 )                reports for the Year 2011 to 2021

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities and Beijing Huazi Could be retrieved in the annual
          Syndicated Group ( 北京華資銀團集團 )                                    reports for the Year 2011 to 2021

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities, China Huacheng
                                                                         Could be retrieved in the annual
          Group Financial Co., Ltd. ( 中國華誠集團財務有限責任公司 ) and Huacheng
                                                                         reports for the Year 2011 to 2021
          Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 華誠投資管理有限公司 )

          Dispute over Magnate project between Huatai United Securities Could be retrieved in the annual
          and Postal Savings Bank                                       report for the Year 2021

          Bond default contract dispute under collective asset management Could be retrieved in the annual
          program of Huatai Asset Management                              report for the Year 2021

          A considerable overloss in futures account of Zhang Xiaodong, a Could be retrieved in the annual
          client of Huatai Futures                                        reports for the Year 2013 to 2021




212
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(II) Litigation and arbitration not disclosed in ad hoc announcements or with
subsequent development

The litigation or arbitration of the Company which was newly raised but has not been disclosed (with an
involved amount of over RMB100 million) or has been disclosed but had progress during the Reporting
Period:

1. Contract dispute under Hubei Daohuaxiang Liquor Co., Ltd. ( 湖 北 稻 花 香 酒 業 股 份 有 限 公 司 )
suing Wusheng Asset Management (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. ( 吳聲資產管理 ( 廣州 ) 有限公司 ) and
Huatai Securities

In March 2022, the Company received the Notice of Respondence to Action and other relevant litigation                   About Us
materials served by Hubei Yichang Intermediate People’s Court. Since investment in the “Fund Contract
on Wusheng • Chunyu Debt Private Securities Investment Fund No. 2” was not fully redeemed, Hubei
Daohuaxiang Liquor Co., Ltd., the plaintiff, sued to the court, requesting Wusheng Asset Management
(Guangzhou) Co., Ltd., the fund manager (the first defendant), and Huatai Securities, the custodian (the
second defendant) to bear joint and several liability for compensation, requesting the two defendants to
jointly pay the redemption amount of RMB102,893,661.22, requesting the first defendant to pay liquidated
damages of RMB5,779,002.15 on deferred payment and compensate the losses on the principal and revenue

                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
of the investment with an amount of RMB18,182,720.56 and requesting the two defendants to assume the
lawsuit fees of the case. On February 10, 2023, according to the Civil Judgment of (2023) Hu 74 Min Chu No.


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
179 issued by Shanghai Financial Court, the case was treated as withdrawal of the lawsuits by the plaintiff.
Therefore, the Company would not bear any loss in the case and the case was closed.

2. Equity transfer dispute between the Company and Cheng Xi

In 2016, the Company acquired the shares of Zhangzhou Sanlida Environmental Technology Corporation
Limited ( 漳州三利達環保科技股份有限公司 ) (stock code: 833329, the “Lida Corporation”) for market-making.
In July 2018, Lida Corporation stated that it planned to delist from the National Equities Exchange and




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Quotations (NEEQ) with a view to overseas development, and its shareholder, Cheng Xi, agreed to be a
transferee of all the shares of Lida Corporation held by the Company subsequent to the delisting. Lida
Corporation and its shareholder, Cheng Xi, issued a “Letter of Undertaking” to the Company, in which they
undertook to be transferred the entire 1,407,000 shares of Lida Corporation held by the Company by way
of cash payment upon the delisting of Lida Corporation, with the total transfer amount being no less than
RMB63,315,000. Upon the delisting of the Lida Corporation, Cheng Xi did not pay for the transfer price. And
in that case, the Company filed a pleading with the Xiamen Intermediate People’s Court on November
14, 2022, requesting the defendant, Cheng Xi, to pay the equity transfer amount, liquidated damages and
overdue interests in a total amount of RMB108,363,622.50 (as of October 20, 2022). The court filed a case on
November 15, 2022. The case has not yet been heard as of the end of the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                               213
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. Dispute over pledged securities repurchase

          Matters              Descriptions

                               Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Chu Jinfu, the
                               Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in July 2020, requesting
                               the court to order Chu Jinfu to pay the outstanding principal of RMB 571 . 80 million and the
                               corresponding interest, liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights,
                               order Tang Fujun to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled
                               to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares,
                               equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Chu Jinfu and Henan
          Dispute over         Senyuan Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Senyuan Group”) within the scope of relevant
          pledged securities   payment obligations. On June 24, 2021, the Company received the first-instance judgment from
          repurchase between   the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that Chu Jinfu, the defendant, shall repay the
          the Company, Chu     financing principal, the interest and liquidated damages to the Company and pay the lawyer’s fee.
          Jinfu, Tang Fujun    The Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale
          and Henan Senyuan    of relevant shares, equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by
          Group Co., Ltd.      Chu Jinfu and Senyuan Group within the scope of the above payment obligations. Tang Fujun shall
                               undertake joint responsibilities on the payment obligations of Chu Jinfu. On July 8, 2021, Senyuan
                               Group and Tang Fujun appealed to the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province. On December
                               23, 2021, the Company received the second-instance judgment from the High People’s Court of
                               Jiangsu Province, which rejected the appeal and upheld the original judgment. Such case is still
                               under enforcement, and on November 2, 2022, the Nanjing Qixia District People’s Court publicly
                               auctioned 10,130,000 shares of Senyuan Electric held by Senyuan Group with auction transaction
                               price of RMB34,336,210.00.

                               Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Senyuan Group, the
                               Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’ s Court of Nanjing in July 2020 , requesting
                               the court to order Senyuan Group to pay the outstanding principal of RMB300 million and the
                               corresponding liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Chu
                               Jinfu to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled to the
                               priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares, equity
                               interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Senyuan Group within
          Dispute over         the scope of relevant payment obligations. On June 24, 2021, the Company received the first-
          pledged securities   instance judgment from the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that Senyuan Group,
          repurchase between   the defendant, shall repay the financing principal and liquidated damages to the Company
          the Company, Henan   and pay the lawyer’s fee. The Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the proceeds from
          Senyuan Group Co.,   the disposal of relevant shares, equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the
          Ltd. and Chu Jinfu   Company by Senyuan Group within the scope of the above payment obligations. Chu Jinfu shall
                               undertake joint responsibilities on the above payment obligations of Senyuan Group. On July
                               8, 2021, Senyuan Group appealed to the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province. On December
                               23, 2021, the Company received the second- instance judgment from the High People’s Court of
                               Jiangsu Province, which rejected the appeal and upheld the original judgment. Such case is still
                               under enforcement, and on November 2, 2022, the Nanjing Qixia District People’s Court publicly
                               auctioned 32,031,200 shares of Senyuan Electric held by Senyuan Group with auction transaction
                               price of RMB107,711,890.40.

                               Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Han Hua, the Company
                               filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in August 2020, requesting the
                               court to order Han Hua to pay the outstanding principal of RMB161,905,600 and the corresponding
                               interest, liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Yang
          Dispute over         Lijun to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled to the
          pledged securities   priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares and
          repurchase between   the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Han Hua within the scope of relevant
          the Company, Han     payment obligations. On June 16, 2021, the Company received the first instance judgment from
          Hua and Yang Lijun   the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that Han Hua shall pay the amount on the stock
                               repurchase transaction and liquidated damages to the Company. The Company is entitled to the
                               priority of claim for the proceeds from the disposal of relevant shares pledged by Han Hua. Yang
                               Lijun shall undertake joint settlement responsibilities on the debts of Han Hua. The case is under
                               enforcement, and RMB24,007,579.91 was repaid through enforcement in 2022.




214
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Matters               Descriptions

                      Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Yang Lijun, the
                      Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in September 2020,
                      requesting the court to order Yang Lijun to pay the outstanding principal of RMB101,268,300 and
                      the corresponding interest, liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights,
Dispute over          order Han Hua to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled
pledged securities    to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares and
repurchase between    the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Yang Lijun. On July 12, 2021, the Company
the Company, Yang     received the first-instance judgment from the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that
Lijun and Han Hua     Yang Lijun shall pay the amount on the stock repurchase transaction and liquidated damages to
                      the Company. The Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the proceeds from the disposal

                                                                                                                                      About Us
                      of relevant shares pledged by Yang Lijun. Han Hua shall undertake joint settlement responsibilities
                      on the debts of Yang Lijun. The case is under enforcement, and RMB4,153,182.67 was repaid through
                      enforcement in 2022.




4. Arbitration on the Dispute in relation to the Master Agreement on Bond Pledge Repurchase
Transactions of Shanghai Stock Exchange between Everbright Securities Company Limited
and the Company


                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Company received the arbitration document from Shanghai International
Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (Shanghai International Arbitration Center). Everbright


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Securities Company Limited applied to Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission
for arbitration on the bond pledge repurchase transactions of Shanghai Stock Exchange, requesting the
Company to repay the financing amount under four repurchase transactions under relevant agreements
with a total amount of RMB184,300,000 and the corresponding interest and liquidated damages. As the
Company is not the repurchasing party in the repurchase transactions under the agreements involved and
it is only the dealer of the repurchasing party, the Company has appointed lawyers to respond to the case.
On October 29, 2021, the case was heard at the Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration
Commission. On October 27, 2022, Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ruled




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
to reject all arbitration requests of the applicant for arbitration.

5. Dispute between Huatai United Securities and investors of 16 Bright Oceans Bonds

Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd. was approved to issue corporate bonds with a nominal value of no more than
RMB2.5 billion (the “16 Bright Oceans Bonds”) to qualified investors in 2015. Huatai United Securities served as
the joint lead underwriter.

(1) Disclosed cases with new developments

In November 2020, CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. ( 中信信託有限責任公司 ), the plaintiff, filed a lawsuit against the issuer,




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
namely Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd., the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter for the reason
of false statements on securities, requesting the issuer to repay the principal and the interest of the bond
with a total amount of approximately RMB23,536,400, and requesting the lead underwriter and the joint
lead underwriter to undertake joint responsibilities. The Intermediate People’s Court of Harbin rejected the



                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
claims of the plaintiff in the first-instance judgment in July 2021 and the Company won the case. The plaintiff
appealed and the court rejected the appeal in the second-instance judgment and upheld the judgment in
favor of the Company in the first instance in February 2022.

(2) New case

In March 2022, Shanghai Qianfulai Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 上海仟富來資產管理有限公司 ), the plaintiff,
filed a lawsuit against the issuer, namely Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd., for the reason of false statements
on securities, requesting the issuer to repay the principal and the interest of the bond with a total amount
of approximately RMB5,098,100 and requesting the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter, the
accounting firm, the credit rating agency and the law firm to undertake joint compensation responsibilities.
Beijing Financial Court ruled to transfer the case to the Intermediate People’s Court of Harbin. The plaintiff




                                                                                                                             215
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          disagreed with the verdict and appealed. The Beijing High People’s Court ruled in the second-instance
          judgment, which rejected the appeal. The case will be transferred to Harbin Intermediate People’s Court,
          which is still in the process of shifting the file.

          6. Contract dispute of Huatai Asset Management involving in Huatai Huize No. 1 Pooled Product

          In June 2021, an investor under the Huatai Huize No. 1 Pooled Asset Management Plan filed a lawsuit against
          Huatai Asset Management, the manager, in the Shanghai Financial Court on the ground of contract dispute
          over entrusted financial management, and claimed liability for compensation, with a damage amount of
          RMB86.31 million. In November 2021, the plaintiff amended its claim and adjusted the damage amount to
          RMB144.16 million. In September 2022, the first instance court ruled to reject all of the plaintiff’s claims and the
          case is currently in the second instance.

          7. Stock pledged repurchase contract dispute under No. 3 Targeted Assets Management Plan
          on Capital Innovation of China Merchants of Huatai Asset Management

          As the manager of the No. 3 Targeted Assets Management Plan on Capital Innovation of China Merchants
          of Huatai Asset Management, Huatai Asset Management entered into relevant financing agreements on
          stock pledged repurchase business with Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the financiers, on behalf of the asset
          management product in May 2017, and conducted transactions on the business. The principal of financing
          was RMB365 million (of which, the principal of RMB235 million and RMB130 million were financed by Liu Hujun
          and Xiong Jinyu, respectively) in total and the target of the pledged stock was Liantronics (stock code:
          300269.SZ). Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the financiers, breached the contract as they failed to repurchase on
          time. Huatai Asset Management filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in November
          2020 on the contract dispute on stock pledged repurchase, requesting Liu Hujun and Xiong Jinyu, the
          defendants, to repay the principal of RMB365 million and undertake other responsibilities on the breach of
          contract and dispose of the pledged stocks according to laws. The Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing
          issued the first-instance judgment in January 2022, supporting the claims of Huatai Asset Management. It
          has applied for entering the process of execution for the case.

          8. Performance Dispute between Yili Fund, a subsidiary of Huatai Purple Gold Investment, and
          Der Group and its de facto controller, Ru Jiyong, over its investment in Yiteng Project in Henan
          Province

          Yili Su Xin Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Yili Fund”), a subsidiary of Huatai Purple
          Gold Investment, previously filed an application for arbitration application with the Nanjing Arbitration
          Commission, requesting Ru Jiyong, the de facto controller of Der Group Co. Ltd. ( 德 爾 集 團 有 限 公 司 ) (“Der
          Group”) to fulfil his equity repurchase obligation. The Nanjing Arbitration Commission held a hearing on
          August 19, 2022 and has not yet issued a judgment

          On November 11, 2022, Yili Fund filed a lawsuit against Der Group with the Nanjing Jianye District People’s
          Court, requesting Der Group, as the controlling shareholder of Der Future Science & Technology Holding
          Group Co., Ltd (“Der Future”, stock code: 002631.SZ), to be liable for the losses incurred by Yili Fund resulting
          from the invalid guarantee of pledge of shares of Der Future (with damages of RMB275,966,101, of which,
          the loss of investment principal amounted to RMB142,372,881 and the loss of interest amounted to
          RMB133,593,220), which was processed on the same day. On November 28, 2022, the Nanjing Jianye District
          People’s Court froze 54,919,622 shares of Der Future held by Der Group upon the application of Yili Fund.




216
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
IX. SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS BY,
PUNISHMENT ON AND RECTIFICATION OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING
SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

1. In April 2022, Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Issuance of Warning Letter to
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. ([2022] No. 31) to the Company, stating that the appointment of personnel for
certain positions failed to meet requirements during the application for the qualification of custodian by the

                                                                                                                           About Us
Company, and decided to take an administrative supervision measure against the Company by issuing a
warning letter. The Company has taken corresponding rectification and improvement measures.

2. In May 2022, the CSRC issued the Decision on Ordering of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Take Rectification
Measures ([2022] No. 22) to the Company and took an administrative supervision measure against the
Company by ordering to take rectification measures on issues related to incomplete internal control on OTC
options. For relevant issues, the Company arranged relevant departments to deeply look into the reasons,
carefully review deficiencies and improve control measures from regime, procedure, system, personnel and
other aspects. It also leveraged on technology empowerment to strengthen the management and control

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
on key links and promote the implementation of rectifications.

3. In May 2022, Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision of Jiangsu Securities Regulatory

                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Bureau on Issuance of Warning Letter to Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ([2022] No. 51) to Huatai
Purple Gold Investment. According to the contents of the decision, Huatai Purple Gold Investment invested
certain products in other asset management products other than public funds and failed to complete
rectification within the prescribed period as of the end of 2021. Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau took
supervision and management measures against Huatai Purple Gold Investment by issuing a warning
letter in accordance with relevant regulatory regulations. The Company has arranged Huatai Purple Gold
Investment to complete the rectification plan, formulate the new version of rectification accounts and




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
submit the rectification report to Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau in accordance with regulatory
requirements. In the future, the Company will continuously urge Huatai Purple Gold Investment to advance
the rectification of non-compliant asset management products as soon as possible.

4. In September 2022, Jilin Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Ordering of the Securities
Business Department in Changchun Minkang Road of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Take Rectification
Measures (Ji Zheng Jian Jue [2022] No. 11) (《關於對华泰证券股份有限公司長春民康路證券營業部採取責令改正措
施 的 決 定 》( 吉 證 監 決 [2022]11 號 )), noting that the business department had problems such as the failure
to separate incompatible positions and the lack of customer information due to the failure to properly
maintain individual customer files. In response to the aforesaid problems, the Company supervised
and instructed the Securities Business Department in Changchun Minkang Road to effectively conduct




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
endeavors in rectification and accountability, and required the securities business department to undertake
detailed reviews of the relevant problems and implement rectification work in a practical manner, in which
case, the Company has ordered the Heilongjiang Branch to pursue internal accountability and effectively
strengthen risk control in order to continuously improve the level of compliance management.



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
5. In October 2022, Huatai United Securities received the Decision on Taking Supervisory Measures by
Issuing of Warning Letter to Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., Ding Mingming and Zheng Mingxin (《 關
於對華泰聯合證券有限責任公司以及丁明明、鄭明欣採取出具警示函監管措施的決定》) issued by the CSRC, stating
that Huatai United Securities had failed to exercise due care and diligence in the process of sponsoring
the initial public offering and listing of the shares of Chengdu Brilliant Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Brilliant
Pharmaceutical”), and failed to discover that there were abnormalities in some of the original certificates of
the business promotion fees of Brilliant Pharmaceutical, replenished the original certificates of the business
promotion fees or subsequently replaced or removed the abnormal original certificates, while part of its
sales promotion activities was not truly launched, and it could not provide reasonable explanations for
maintaining a majority of scanned copies of the official seals of the promotion service providers, which led




                                                                                                                  217
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          to unsound internal controls related to the business promotion fees. In accordance with Article 65 of the
          “Measures on the Securities Issuance and Listing Sponsorship Business” (《證券發行上市保薦業務管理辦法》),
          Huatai United Securities and relevant personnel were subject to administrative supervision measures of
          issuing warning letters. Huatai United Securities has pursued internal accountability in accordance with its
          corporate system, and requested the responsible departments to conduct a comprehensive review and
          self-inspection on the duties and responsibilities of the positions, workflow, practice quality management,
          risk identification and control, among others, in order to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents.

          Save for the foregoing, none of the Company and its Directors, Supervisors, senior management,
          shareholders holding over 5% of equity interest or de facto controllers were investigated by competent
          authorities, imposed with coercive measures by a judiciary authority or disciplinary department, transferred
          to a judicial authority or held criminally liable, banned from accessing to the market, identified as unsuitable
          persons, punished by other administrative departments or publicly condemned by a stock exchange.




          X. INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
          AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

          During the Reporting Period, the Company and its de facto controllers maintained good faith with no cases
          such as non-performance of effective court judgment or overdue of relatively large liability.




          XI. MAJOR RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          Details on the related-party transactions under the relevant accounting standards can be found in Note
          59 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. The Company confirmed that the related-party
          transactions were not qualified as the “connected transactions” or the “continuing connected transactions”
          as defined in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (as the case may be), and were in compliance with
          the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




          XII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE THEREOF

          (I) Custody, contracting and leasing matters

          During the Reporting Period, the Company was not engaged in any custody, contracting or leasing.




218
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(II) Guarantees
                                                                                                                 Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

                               External guarantees of the Company (excluding the guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total amount of guarantees during the Reporting Period (excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                   -
subsidiaries)

Total balance of guarantees at the end of the Reporting Period (A) (excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                   -
subsidiaries)

                                      Guarantees of the Company and its subsidiaries for its subsidiaries

Total amount of guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                       131.94



                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
Total balance of guarantees for subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                                          369.77

                             Total guarantee amount of the Company (including the guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total guarantee amount (A+B)                                                                                                                 369.77

Percentage of the total guarantee amount to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                      22.40

Among which:

Amount of guarantees provided for shareholders, de facto controllers and their related parties (C)                                                 -

Amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an
                                                                                                                                             320.77
asset-liability ratio of more than 70% (D)



                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Excess amount of the total guarantee over 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                                -
Total amount of the three guarantees mentioned above (C+D+E)                                                                                 320.77



                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                                                         Bearing the principal, interest and other
Undue guarantees with joint and several liabilities
                                                                                                                          expenses of the bonds

               1. Guarantees Provided by the Company
               (1) In January 2015, Huatai Asset Management was officially founded. With the steady development of the Company’s asset
               management business and the rapid expansion of the scale of asset management, in order to ensure the risk control indicators
               of Huatai Asset Management meet the supervisory requirements, the Company’s Shareholders’ meeting reviewed and
               approved relevant resolutions respectively on March 30, 2015 and September 13, 2016, approved the Company to offer Huatai
               Asset Management a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB1.2 billion and RMB5.0 billion and promised that,
               whenever Huatai Asset Management needs to expand businesses, it will provide cash support within the aforesaid amount




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
               unconditionally. On December 31, 2020, Shanghai Securities Regulatory Bureau approved the Company to terminate the
               commitment on the provision of net capital guarantee with an amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai Asset Management. In 2022,
               Shanghai Securities Regulatory Bureau approved the Company to terminate the commitment on the provision of net capital
               guarantee with an amount of RMB4.2 billion to Huatai Asset Management from July 12, 2022. As at the end of the Reporting
               Period, all net capital guarantees provided by the Company to Huatai Asset Management were terminated.
               (2) In 2017, as approved and passed at the fifth meeting of the fourth session of the Board and the 2016 Annual General Meeting
               of the Company, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB1.9 billion to Huatai Asset
               Management. The net capital guarantee of RMB1.9 billion has not been utilized during the Reporting Period.
               (3) In 2018, as approved and passed at the sixteenth meeting of the fourth session of the Board, the Company provided a net
               capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities, a holding subsidiary of the Company.
               The net capital guarantee will be available from July 1, 2019. In 2022, Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau approved the
               Company to adjust the amount of the commitment on the provision of net capital guarantee to Huatai United Securities in 2019
               from RMB2.0 billion to RMB1.0 billion from June 21, 2022. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided a net capital
               guarantee with a total amount of RMB1.0 billion to Huatai United Securities.
Explanations   (4) In 2020, as considered and approved at the second meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company (as the guarantor)
on             entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee) for the provision of an unconditional and




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
guarantees     irrevocable guarantee for the bonds of USD0.4 billion issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International.
               (5) In 2020, as considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company provided a
               liquidity guarantee with a maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities, which had not been utilized during the
               Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
               (6) As considered and approved at the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board and the 2021 First Extraordinary
               General Meeting of the Company, the persons authorized by the general mandate to issue onshore and offshore debt
               financing instruments of the Company may sign relevant agreements, and in 2021, the Company (as the guarantor) entered
               into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable
               guarantee respectively for USD1,300 million bonds and additional USD100 million bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a
               subsidiary of Huatai International. In 2022, the Company (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp
               International Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee respectively for USD1,000 million
               bonds and RMB5,000 million bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International.
               2. Guarantees Provided by the Subsidiaries
               During the Reporting Period, Huatai International and i ts subsidiaries had provided guarantees for the benefits of their
               subsidiaries in connection with their business operations, which are mainly guarantees for corporate bonds, guarantees for
               medium-term notes, and guarantees for transactions with counterparties involving the signing of international swaps and
               derivatives association agreements. The aggregate guaranteed amount was approximately RMB7.576 billion as of the end of
               the Reporting Period.
               3. The aforesaid amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an asset-liability
               ratio of more than 70% was RMB32.077 billion, including: 1) guarantee provided by the Company to Pioneer Reward Limited, a
               subsidiary of Huatai International, for the issuance of USD2.8 billion bonds and RMB5.0 billion bonds; 2) the guarantee provided
               by Huatai International and its subsidiaries to meet the needs of the business operation of their subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                                                        219
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Other material contracts

          1. According to the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Standards
          for the Contents and Formats of Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 2
          – Contents and Formats of Annual Report (Revised in 2021) (《公開發行證券的公司信息披露內容與格式準則第 2 號－
          年度報告的內容與格式 (2021 年修訂 )》), the Group did not enter into material contracts during the Reporting
          Period.

          2. The progress of relevant significant contracts disclosed during the Reporting Period is as follows:

          (1) According to the General Construction Contract for Huatai Securities Square, the Company paid
          RMB5.4920 million under the general construction contract and major sub-contracts thereof during the
          Reporting Period.

          (2) According to the Construction Contract for Smart Facilities at Huatai Securities Square, the Company
          paid RMB2.1152 million under the construction contract for smart facilities during the Reporting Period.




          XIII. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER MAJOR EVENTS THAT HAVE SIGNIFICANT
          IMPACTS ON INVESTORS TO MAKE VALUE JUDGMENTS AND
          INVESTMENT DECISIONS

          (I) Capital increase in subsidiaries of the Company

          For details on capital increase in subsidiaries of the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to “(IX)
          Other information” under “VI. Major Operations during the Reporting Period” under “Management Discussion
          and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

          (II) Description of major events of the subsidiaries

          1. Huatai Purple Gold Investment

          (1) Launch and establishment

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment launched and established Nanjing Huatai
          Yanghe Equity Parent Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰洋河股權投資母基金 ( 有限合夥 )), with a total subscribed
          amount of RMB5 billion. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner and a
          general partner, has contributed RMB1 billion.

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment launched and established Huatai Juhua
          Industrial Investment Fund (Quzhou) Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 華 泰 巨 化 產 業 投 資 基 金 ( 衢 州 ) 合 夥
          企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )), with a total subscribed amount of RMB1 billion. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund
          manager, an executive partner and a general partner, has contributed RMB200 million.

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment launched and established Chongqing Huatai
          Yufu M&A Private Equity Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 重慶華泰渝富併購私募股權投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合
          夥 )), with a total subscribed amount of RMB1.003 billion. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager,
          an executive partner and a general partner, has contributed RMB200 million.

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment launched and established Nanjing Huatai
          Fenghuang Equity Parent Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰鳳凰股權投資母基金 ( 有限合夥 )), with a total
          subscribed amount of RMB1 billion. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner
          and a general partner, has contributed RMB100 million.




220
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(2) Capital increase

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Nanjing Huatai Zijin
Emerging Industry Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰紫金新興產業基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), with
a total fund subscription amount increasing from RMB768.625 million to RMB1,781.125 million. The contribution
of Huatai Purple Gold Investment increased from RMB153.725 million to RMB356.225 million. The total paid-
up capital of the fund increased from RMB150.725 million to RMB367.225 million, of which, Huatai Purple Gold
Investment has contributed additional RMB40.50 million. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple
Gold Investment has paid-in capital of RMB71.245 million.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment has contributed additional RMB58 million to

                                                                                                                              About Us
Jiangsu Purple Gold Cloud Healthy Industry Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 江蘇紫金弘雲健康
產業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )) sponsored and established by it. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai
Purple Gold Investment has paid-in capital of RMB290 million.

2. Huatai International

During the Reporting Period, Huatai International established a wholly-owned subsidiary, namely Huatai
Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited, in Singapore. Mr. Zhou Yi ( 周易 ), Mr. Wang Lei ( 王磊 ) and Ms. Ye Tingting ( 葉
亭亭 ) served as directors of the subsidiary in Singapore.


                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of Huatai International,
completed the acquisition and cancellation of its subsidiary AssetMark Financial, Inc.


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., a subsidiary of Huatai International,
completed the acquisition of Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary,
namely Atria Investments, LLC, and changed Atria Investments, LLC into Atria Investment, Inc. In January 2023,
Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. was deregistered after consolidation into Atria Investment, Inc.

3. Huatai Futures

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures increased its investments in Huatai Capital Management (Hong




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Kong) Limited, its overseas wholly-owned subsidiary, by RMB60 million, after which the paid-in capital of
Huatai Capital Management (Hong Kong) Limited amounted to RMB190,059,225.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures increased its investments in Huatai Great Wall Capital
Management Co., Ltd., its wholly-owned subsidiary, by RMB350 million, after which the paid-in capital of
Huatai Great Wall Capital Management Co., Ltd. amounted to RMB1,000 million.

During the Reporting Period, the registered address of Huatai Futures was changed from “20/F, Li Feng
Building, 761 Dongfeng Eastern Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou” to “Rooms 1001-1004 and 1011-1016, 10/F, No. 1
Mingzhu Third Street, Hengli Town, Nansha District, Guangzhou”.

4. China Southern Asset Management


                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the chairman of China Southern Asset Management was changed into Mr. Zhou
Yi.



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
5. Huatai Innovative Investment

During the Reporting Period, the Company contributed RMB300 million to the paid-in capital of Huatai
Innovative Investment. The contribution to the paid-in capital of Huatai Innovative Investment increased
from RMB2.3 billion to RMB2.6 billion.

6. Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and Management Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Shengju”)

The fifth session of the Board convened the twentieth meeting in December 2021, and considered and




                                                                                                                     221
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          approved the Resolution on the Acquisition of 100% Equity Interest in Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation
          and Management Co., Ltd. In the same month, the Company acquired 100% equity interest in Shanghai
          Shengju by way of public bidding, auction and listing through Shandong Property Right Exchange Center,
          and actually purchased the properties in Building C of Shanghai Poly Plaza for daily office use. During the
          Reporting Period, Shanghai Shengju has completed relevant procedures on the industrial and commercial
          registration modification and the transfer of related assets.

          (III) For other major events disclosed by the Company on China Securities Journal,
          Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times, Securities Daily and the website of the
          SSE (www. sse.com.cn) during the Reporting Period, please refer to Appendix III
          Information Disclosures Index



          XIV. MAIN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ITEMS THAT MAY AFFECT THE
          COMPANY’S FINANCIAL SITUATION AND OPERATING RESULTS

          For the main off-balance sheet items that may affect the Company’s financial situation and operating
          results, please refer to “(II) Guarantees” under “XII. Material Contracts and Performance Thereof” under “Major
          Events” in this report.




          XV. IMPORTANT MATTERS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

          (I) Changes in the authorised representative of the Company who accepts service
          of process or notices in Hong Kong

          Ms. Lam Mei Kuen ceased to act as the authorised representative to accept service of process or notices
          in Hong Kong on behalf of the Company under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the
          Laws of Hong Kong) with effect from March 31, 2023. At the same time, Mr. Jin Ning was appointed as the
          authorised representative to accept service of process or notices in Hong Kong as a replacement for Ms.
          Lam Mei Kuen with effect from March 31, 2023.

          (II) Proposal or resolution on annual distribution

          Please refer to “Important Notice” in this report.

          (III) Material investment and financing activities

          Please refer to Note 65 to the consolidated financial statements headed “Events after the reporting date” in
          this report.

          (IV) Material litigation and arbitration

          After the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any material litigation and arbitration.

          (V) Business combination or disposal of subsidiary

          After the Reporting Period, the Company did not conduct any business combination or disposal of
          subsidiary.




222
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(VI) Relocation of securities sales departments and branches


    Name before             Name after                                                         Issue Date of
No. Relocation              Relocation          Address after Relocation                       License

                                                Shop -3#, No. 101, 1/F, Podium Building, and
                                                Nos. 1603, 1604, 1605, 1606, 1607, 16/F, Office
                                                                                                January 30 ,
1   Jiangxi Branch          Jiangxi Branch      Building, Publishing Center, No. 95 Lijing
                                                                                                2023
                                                Road, Honggutan District, Nanchang City,
                                                Jiangxi Province

                            Securities Branch                                                                           About Us
    Securities Branch in                        Room 801, No. 301 East Zhongshan Road, February 15,
2                           in East Zhongshan
    Yushi Street, Nanjing                       Xuanwu District, Nanjing City          2023
                            Road, Nanjing




(VII) Other situations that might materially affect the financial position, results of

                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
operation and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period



                                                                                                                      and Strategies
The Company had no other situations that might materially affect the financial position, results of
operation and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                               223
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Changes in Shares
          and Shareholders




          I. CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

          (I) Statement of changes in shares

          1. Statement of changes in shares
                                                                                                                              Unit: Shares

                                      Before the change             Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change          After the change

                                                                             Shares
                                                               New
                                                 Percentage         Bonus converted                                           Percentage
                                       Number               shares                           Others      Subtotal   Number
                                                        (%)        shares      from                                                  (%)
                                                            issued
                                                                           reserves

          I. Shares subject to
                                    45,488,000        0.50      –         –          – -1,060,973 -1,060,973 44,427,027             0.49
          selling restrictions

          1. Shares held by the
                                             –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          state

          2. Shares held by
          state-owned legal                  –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          persons

          3. Shares held by other
                                             –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          domestic investors

          Including: Shares held
          by domestic non-
                                             –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          state-owned legal
          persons

          Shares held by
          domestic natural          45,488,000        0.50      –         –          – -1,060,973 -1,060,973 44,427,027             0.49
          persons

          4. Shares held by
                                             –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          foreign investors

          Including: Shares held
          by overseas legal                  –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          persons

          Shares held by
          overseas natural                   –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          persons




224
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                             Before the change              Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change           After the change

                                                                     Shares
                                                       New
                                         Percentage         Bonus converted                                              Percentage
                              Number                shares                           Others      Subtotal     Number
                                                (%)        shares      from                                                     (%)
                                                    issued
                                                                   reserves

II. Tradable shares
not subject to selling   9,031,162,000       99.50      –         –          –            –            – 9,031,162,000       99.51
restrictions

1. Ordinary shares in
                         7,312,116,320       80.56      –         –          –            –            – 7,312,116,320       80.57
RMB


                                                                                                                                               About Us
2. Domestic listed
                                    –            –      –         –          –            –            –            –            –
foreign shares

3. Overseas listed
                         1,719,045,680       18.94      –         –          –            –            – 1,719,045,680       18.94
foreign shares

4. Others                           –            –      –         –          –            –            –            –            –
III. Total shares        9,076,650,000      100.00      –         –          – -1,060,973 -1,060,973 9,075,589,027          100.00




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
2. Information on changes in shares



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
On June 22, 2022, the Company convened the 2021 Annual General Meeting, the 2022 First A Share Class
Meeting and the 2022 First H Share Class Meeting, at which the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation
of Part of the Restricted A Shares of the Company was considered and approved. The Company was
approved to repurchase and cancel a total of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares that have been granted but not
yet unlocked held by 22 participants who were no longer qualified as share incentive participants due to
their resignations.

On September 23, 2022, the Company completed the abovementioned repurchase and cancellation of the




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
restricted A Shares, resulting in a decrease of the Shares subject to selling restrictions by 1,060,973 shares
and a change in the total share capital of the Company to 9,075,589,027 shares.

3. Impact of the change in shares on earnings per share, net asset value per share or other
financial indicators for the latest year and the latest period

In 2022, the total number of shares decreased 1,060,973 as the Company completed the repurchase and
cancellation of part of the Restricted A Shares. Based on the weighted average number of shares, basic
earnings per share in 2022 were RMB1.18, diluted earnings per share were RMB1.16, and net assets per share
attributable to owners of the listed company at the end of the period were RMB18.37.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                      225
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Changes in shares subject to selling restrictions
                                                                                                                                        Unit: Shares

                                                                         Increase in
                                    Number              Number          the number
                                   of shares           of shares           of shares     Number of
                                     subject           released              subject shares subject
                                   to selling       from selling           to selling      to selling                                    Date of
                              restrictions at        restrictions        restrictions restrictions at               Reasons              release
          Name of             the beginning           during the          during the the end of the                for selling      from selling
          shareholder            of the year                year                year            year             restrictions        restrictions

          Incentive                                                                                                Incentive
          participants                                                                                            scheme of         See note for
                                  45,488,000                     –        -1,060,973           44,427,027
          of restricted A                                                                                        restricted A            details
          Shares                                                                                                      Shares

          Total                   45,488,000                     –        -1,060,973           44,427,027                     /                    /

          Note 1: During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares.
          Note 2: The unlocking period and unlocking schedule of each period of the restricted shares granted under the incentive scheme are set out
          below:


          Unlocking                                                                                                                  Unlocking
          Arrangement               Unlocking Period                                                                                proportion

                                    Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 24 months
                                    from the date of completion of registration for the grant of the
          The first unlocking
                                    corresponding portion of the restricted shares to the last trading day of                                33%
          period
                                    36 months from the date of completion of registration for the grant of
                                    the restricted shares

                                    Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 36 months
                                    from the date of completion of registration for the grant of the
          The second
                                    corresponding portion of the restricted shares to the last trading day of                                33%
          unlocking period
                                    48 months from the date of completion of registration for the grant of
                                    the restricted shares

                              Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 48 months
                              from the date of completion of registration for the grant of the
          The third unlocking
                              corresponding portion of the restricted shares to the last trading day of                                      34%
          period
                              60 months from the date of completion of registration for the grant of
                              the restricted shares




          II. THE ISSUANCE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

          (I) Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                      Currency: RMB

                                                                  Issue                                               Number of
                                                              price (or                                                securities
          Types of shares and their                            interest       Number of                          permitted to be Ending date
          derivative securities                 Date of issue     rate) securities issued      Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

          Bonds (including company bonds, corporate bonds and debt financing instruments of non-financial
          enterprises)

          Corporate bonds                        2022-02-10       2.79%      RMB5.0 billion      2022-02-18       RMB5.0 billion      2025-02-13

          Corporate bonds                        2022-08-11       2.43%      RMB2.0 billion     2022-08-22        RMB2.0 billion     2024-08-14

          Corporate bonds                       2022-08-24        2.33%      RMB3.0 billion      2022-08-31       RMB3.0 billion     2024-08-23




226
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                Issue                                            Number of
                                            price (or                                             securities
Types of shares and their                    interest       Number of                       permitted to be Ending date
derivative securities         Date of issue     rate) securities issued   Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

Corporate bonds                2022-09-01      2.52%    RMB2.0 billion     2022-09-08       RMB2.0 billion   2025-09-04

Corporate bonds               2022-09-08      2.50%     RMB3.0 billion     2022-09-19       RMB3.0 billion    2025-09-12

Corporate bonds                  2022-11-17    2.87%    RMB3.6 billion      2022-11-29      RMB3.6 billion     2024-11-20

Corporate bonds                  2022-11-17    3.18%     RMB1.4 billion     2022-11-28      RMB1.4 billion     2027-11-19

Corporate bonds                 2022-12-01     2.87%     RMB1.5 billion     2022-12-08      RMB1.5 billion    2024-12-04

                                                                                                                                       About Us
Corporate bonds                2022-12-08     3.35%     RMB2.0 billion      2022-12-15      RMB2.0 billion     2025-12-11

Corporate bonds                2022-12-08     3.49%     RMB0.5 billion      2022-12-15      RMB0.5 billion     2027-12-10

Corporate bonds                2022-12-20      3.24%    RMB4.0 billion      2022-12-27      RMB4.0 billion    2024-12-20

Short-term corporate
                              2022-08-05       1.65%    RMB5.0 billion     2022-08-15       RMB5.0 billion     2022-11-08
bonds

Short-term corporate
                               2022-08-17      1.78%    RMB5.0 billion     2022-08-25       RMB5.0 billion    2023-02-16
bonds


                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
Perpetual subordinated
                               2022-01-24     3.49%     RMB2.7 billion     2022-02-09       RMB2.7 billion               –
bonds


                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
Perpetual subordinated
                               2022-07-07     3.59%     RMB3.0 billion      2022-07-18      RMB3.0 billion               –
bonds

Perpetual subordinated
                                2022-10-19     3.20%    RMB3.5 billion     2022-10-28       RMB3.5 billion               –
bonds

Non-public corporate
                                2022-01-13     2.75%    RMB4.0 billion      2022-01-21      RMB4.0 billion     2023-01-16
bonds




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Information of the issuance of securities during the Reporting Period:

1. Corporate bonds

On February 10, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at an issue price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.79%. Such bonds were listed for
trading on February 18, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai G1” and “185364.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on February 13, 2025.




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
On August 11, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.0 billion at an issue price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.43%. Such bonds were listed for




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
trading on August 22, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai G2” and “137666.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on August 14, 2024.

On August 24, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Third
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.0 billion at an issue price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.33%. Such bonds were listed for
trading on August 31, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai G3” and “137732.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on August 23, 2024.

On September 1, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fourth
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.0 billion at an issue price




                                                                                                                              227
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.52%. Such bonds were listed for
          trading on September 18, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai G4” and “137780.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the
          trading to be ended on September 4, 2025.

          On September 8, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fifth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.0 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.50%. Such bonds were listed for
          trading on September 19, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai G5” and “137814.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.0 billion with the
          trading to be ended on September 12, 2025.

          On November 17, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Sixth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year and 5-year fixed rates. The amount of the 2-year bonds came to
          RMB3.6 billion with a coupon rate of 2.87%, while the amount of the 5-year bonds came to RMB1.4 billion
          with a coupon rate of 3.18%. Such bonds were listed for trading on November 29, 2022 and November 28,
          2022, respectively. The abbreviation and code of the 2-year bonds were “22 Huatai G6” and “138597. SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB3.6 billion with the
          trading to be ended on November 20, 2024; the abbreviation and code of the 5-year bonds were “22 Huatai
          G7” and “138598.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to
          RMB1.4 billion with the trading to be ended on November 19, 2027.

          On December 1, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Seventh
          Tranche) (Type I) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB1.5 billion at an issue
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.87%. Such bonds were listed for
          trading on December 8, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai G8” and “138679.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.5 billion with the
          trading to be ended on December 4, 2024.

          On December 8, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Eighth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.5 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year and 5-year fixed rates. The amount of the 3-year bonds came to
          RMB2.0 billion with a coupon rate of 3.35%, while the amount of the 5-year bonds came to RMB0.5 billion
          with a coupon rate of 3.49%. Such bonds were listed for trading on December 15, 2022. The abbreviation and
          code of the 3-year bonds were “22 Huatai 10” and “138709.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
          permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the trading to be ended on December 11, 2025;
          the abbreviation and code of the 5-year bonds were “22 Huatai 11” and “138710.SH”, respectively, and the
          amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB0.5 billion with the trading to be ended
          on December 10, 2027.

          On December 20, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Ninth
          Tranche) (Type I) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion at an issue
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.24%. Such bonds were listed for
          trading on December 27, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai 12” and “138737.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the
          trading to be ended on December 20, 2024.

          2. Short-term corporate bonds

          On August 5, 2022, the Company publicly issued the short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying a 92-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.65%. Such bonds were listed for trading
          on August 15, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai S1” and “137631.SH”, respectively,
          and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5.0 billion with the trading
          ended on November 8, 2022, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the Reporting
          Period.




228
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
On August 17, 2022, the Company publicly issued the short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Second Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 182-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.78%. Such bonds were listed
for trading on August 25, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “22 Huatai S2” and “137682.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5.0 billion with the
trading ended on February 16, 2023.

3. Perpetual subordinated bonds

On January 24, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 perpetual subordinated bonds of Huatai
Securities (First Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.7 billion at
an issue price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 3.49% and an interest rate repriced every 5 years                 About Us
for which interest is accruable. Such bonds were listed for trading on February 9, 2022. The abbreviation and
code of the bonds were “22 Huatai Y1” and “185337.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted
to be listed for trading came to RMB2.7 billion.

On July 7, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 perpetual subordinated bonds of Huatai Securities
(Second Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 3.59% and an interest rate repriced every 5 years for which



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
interest is accruable. Such bonds were listed for trading on July 18, 2022. The abbreviation and code of the
bonds were “22 Huatai Y2” and “185388. SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed
for trading came to RMB3.0 billion.


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
On October 19, 2022, the Company publicly issued the 2022 perpetual subordinated bonds of Huatai
Securities (Third Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.5 billion at
an issue price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 3.20% and an interest rate repriced every 5 years
for which interest is accruable. Such bonds were listed for trading on October 28, 2022. The abbreviation and
code of the bonds were “22 Huatai Y3” and “137604.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted
to be listed for trading came to RMB3.5 billion.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
4. Non-public corporate bonds

On January 13, 2022, the Company non-publicly issued the 2022 corporate bonds of Huatai Securities (First
Tranche) (abbreviation: 22 Huatai F1; bond code: 196203.SH) with an amount of RMB4.0 billion, a term of 2
years and a coupon rate of 2.75%, to which the investors’ option to sell back and the issuer’s option to adjust
the coupon rate at the end of the first year were attached. Such bonds were registered for redemption
in full during the Reporting Period, and the Company did not resell the redeemed bonds. The bonds were
redeemed and the interest was paid in full on January 17, 2023.

5. Offshore bonds

During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement its working capital and repay its debt financing



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
instruments, Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, completed the issuance of 3-year
USD bonds with fixed rates of USD1.0 billion and 3-year RMB bonds with fixed rates of RMB5.0 billion. The
USD bonds were listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange while the RMB bonds were listed on the Hong




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Kong Stock Exchange and Chongwa (Macao) Financial Asset Exchange Co., Ltd. The Company provided
unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for the issuance.

During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement its working capital and repay its debt financing
instruments, Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, issued the medium-
term notes of approximately USD2,578 million in aggregate. Huatai International provided unconditional and
irrevocable guarantee for the medium term note program.

6. Structured notes

During the Reporting Period, the Company cumulatively issued 3,310 structured notes, with a total amount of
RMB29.542 billion. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 999 structured notes in duration period, with
an amount of RMB17.510 billion.




                                                                                                                  229
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Changes in total number of the shares and shareholding structure of the
          Company and changes in structure of assets and liabilities of the Company

          Please refer to “I. Changes in Share Capital” in this section for the details of changes in total number of the
          shares and shareholding structure of the Company.

          Please refer to “(II) Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position” under “VI. Major
          Operations during the Reporting Period” in “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board”
          of this report for the details of changes in structure of assets and liabilities of the Company.




          III. INFORMATION OF SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS
          (I) Total number of shareholders

          Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting
                                                                                                                274,848
          Period

          Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month prior to
                                                                                                                285,045
          the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed

          Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose rights have been restored
                                                                                                                       –
          as of the end of the Reporting Period

          Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose voting rights have been
          restored as of the end of last month prior to the date on which the annual report                            –
          shall be disclosed


          Among the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period,
          shareholders of A Shares came to 267,701 and registered shareholders of H Shares came to 7,147. Among
          the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month (February 28, 2023) prior
          to the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed, shareholders of A Shares came to 277,940 and
          registered shareholders of H Shares came to 7,105.




230
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(II) Shareholding of top ten shareholders and top ten holders of tradable shares (or
holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions) as of the end of the Reporting
Period
                                                                                                           Unit: Shares
                                      Shareholding of top ten shareholders
                           Increase/   Number of                Number of     Pledged, marked or
                           decrease shares held as            shares held        frozen shares
Name of shareholder                                Percentage                                              Nature of
                          during the at the end of                 subject
(in full name)                                            (%)                                            shareholder
                          Reporting the Reporting                to selling   Statusof   Number of
                              Period        Period             restrictions     shares      shares

                                                                                                                                   About Us
Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                                                                       State-owned
Investment Group                  – 1,373,481,636         15.13          –         Nil             –
                                                                                                        legal person
Limited

HKSCC Nominees                                                                                         Foreign legal
                       -143,825,600 1,274,435,127        14.04           –         Nil             –
Limited                                                                                                      person

Jiangsu
                                                                                                       State-owned
Communications                    –    489,065,418        5.39           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                        legal person
Holding Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
Govtor Capital                                                                                         State-owned
                           -150,000 356,083,206           3.92           –         Nil             –
Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                         legal person


                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                                                                                                       Domestic
Alibaba (China)                                                                                       non-state-
                                  –     268,199,233       2.96           –         Nil             –
Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                 owned legal
                                                                                                         person

Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                       State-owned
Holdings Group Co.,     69,680,786 256,225,485            2.82           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                        legal person
Ltd.




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Hong Kong
                                                                                                       Foreign legal
Securities Clearing     -58,417,349     173,074,425        1.91          –         Nil             –
                                                                                                             person
Company Limited

China Securities
Finance                           –     152,906,738       1.68           –         Nil             –       Unknown
Corporation Limited

Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                       State-owned
International Group     40,675,535      135,859,167       1.50           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                        legal person
Corp.




                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                                                                 Domestic
Jiangsu Hiteker                                                                                 non-state-
                                  –      123,169,146       1.36          – Unknown 123,169,146
High-tech Co., Ltd.                                                                            owned legal




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                   person




                                                                                                                          231
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                Shareholding of top ten holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions

                                                          Number of tradable                         Class and number of shares
          Name of shareholder                            shares not subject to
                                                           selling restrictions Class                                                        Number

          Jiangsu Guoxin Investment                                                     Ordinary shares in RMB                           1,271,072,836
                                                                      1,373,481,636
          Group Limited                                                                 Overseas listed foreign shares                   102,408,800

          HKSCC Nominees Limited                                      1,274,435,127 Overseas listed foreign shares                       1,274,435,127

          Jiangsu Communications                                                        Ordinary shares in RMB                           452,065,418
                                                                      489,065,418
          Holding Co., Ltd.                                                             Overseas listed foreign shares                    37,000,000
                                                                                        Ordinary shares in RMB                           341,878,006
          Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                              356,083,206
                                                                                        Overseas listed foreign shares                     14,205,200

          Alibaba (China) Technology Co.,
                                                                       268,199,233 Ordinary shares in RMB                                268,199,233
          Ltd.

          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group                                                   Ordinary shares in RMB                              62,511,285
                                                                      256,225,485
          Co., Ltd.                                                                     Overseas listed foreign shares                    193,714,200

          Hong Kong Securities Clearing
                                                                       173,074,425 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 173,074,425
          Company Limited

          China Securities Finance
                                                                       152,906,738 Ordinary shares in RMB                                152,906,738
          Corporation Limited

          Jiangsu SOHO International                                                    Ordinary shares in RMB                              41,912,567
                                                                        135,859,167
          Group Corp.                                                                   Overseas listed foreign shares                    93,946,600

          Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co.,
                                                                        123,169,146 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 123,169,146
          Ltd.

          Description of special
          repurchase accounts for the top                There are no special repurchase accounts for the top ten shareholders.
          ten shareholders

          Description of the voting
          rights entrusted by the above
          shareholders, the voting rights                There are no voting rights entrusted by the above shareholders, the
          the above shareholders are                     voting rights the above shareholders are entrusted with and the voting
          entrusted with and the voting                  rights the above shareholders abstained from.
          rights the above shareholders
          abstained from

                                                         Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital and Jiangsu
                                                         SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. are wholly owned by Jiangsu SASAC.
                                                         Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. is the controlling shareholder
          Description of the related party
                                                         of Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. Apart from the above,
          relationships or acting in concert
                                                         the Company is not aware of any related party relationship among
          among the above shareholders
                                                         other shareholders or whether such shareholders are parties acting
                                                         in concert as specified in the Regulations on the Takeover of Listed
                                                         Companies.

          Explanation of shareholders of
          preferred shares with restored
                                                         There are no shareholders of preferred shares of the Company.
          voting rights and the number of
          shares held by them

          Notes:
          1. The class of shareholders of ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares) represents the class of accounts held by them registered with Shanghai Branch
          of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.




232
                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2. Among the holders of overseas listed foreign shares (H Shares) of the Company, shares of non-registered shareholders are held by HKSCC
Nominees Limited on their behalf. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital, Jiangsu SOHO
Holdings Group Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. acquired, via Southbound Trading, 102,408,800, 37,000,000, 14,205,200,
193,714,200 and 93,946,600 H Shares of the
Company, respectively, which are also being held by HKSCC Nominees Limited. These shares are specifically and separately listed at the time
of disclosure of this report; should such shares be included, the actual number of shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited on their behalf would
have been 1,715,709,927, representing 18.90% of the Company’s total shares.
3. As of the end of the Reporting Period, 150,000 A Shares held by Govtor Capital remained outstanding due to refinancing. When fully repaid, its
actual shareholding in the Company will be 342,028,006 A Shares and 14,205,200 H Shares, representing 3.93% of the Company’s total shares.
4. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominal holder of the A Shares of the Company held by the investors in Northbound
Trading under Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.
5. Citibank, National Association is the depositary of the Company’s GDRs, and the domestic underlying A Shares represented by the GDRs
are legally registered under its name. According to the statistics provided by the depositary, the Company had a total of 154,567 GDRs in the


                                                                                                                                                              About Us
duration period as of the end of the Reporting Period, accounting for 0.19% of the approved number for issuance by the CSRC.



Number of shares held by top ten holders of shares subject to selling restrictions and relevant selling
restrictions
                                                                                                                                      Unit: Shares

                                                             Listing and trading of shares
                                          Number
                                                             subject to selling restrictions
                                         of shares
        Name of holders of            held subject                            Number of additional


                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
        shares subject to                to selling Permitted time for          shares permitted to
No.     selling restrictions           restrictions listing and trading        be listed and traded Selling restrictions


                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
1       Zhou Yi                             720,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

2       Han Zhencong                        600,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

3       Li Shiqian                          600,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

4       Sun Hanlin                          600,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

5       Jiang Jian                          600,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

6       Zhang Hui                           600,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
7       Chen Tianxiang                      600,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

8       Jiao Xiaoning                       500,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

9       Jiao Kai                            500,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

10      Wang Chong                          500,000          See note for details –                                   See note for details

Description of the related party
                                                         The Company is not aware of any related party relationship or
relationships or acting in concert
                                                         acting in concert arrangement.
among the above shareholders

Note: The above shares subject to selling restrictions represent the shares granted by the Company to the incentive participants due to the




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
implementation of incentive scheme of restricted A Shares. Details of listing and trading of shares subject to selling restrictions and selling
restrictions are available in the Incentive Scheme of Restricted A Shares disclosed by the Company on the website of the SSE on February 9, 2021.




                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
(III) A strategic investor or common legal person who became one of the top ten
shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any strategic investor or common legal person who
became one of the top ten shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them.




                                                                                                                                                     233
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

          (I) Controlling Shareholders

          There are no controlling shareholders with more than 50% shareholding of the Company.

          (II) De facto controllers

          1. Legal Person

                                                                                            State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
          Name                                                                              Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government

          Person in charge or legal representative                                          Xie Zhengyi



          2. Framework of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and the de
          facto Controllers


                                                                     Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited




                                                                                                                                          State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government
                                        15.1338%                                                                                   100%




                                        5.3888%                     Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd.                       100%




                                                                           Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.




           Huatai Securities Co.,Ltd.
                                        3.9252%                                                                                    100%




                                        2.8232%                                                                Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                             Holdings Group Co.,   100%
                                        1.4970%    Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.           73.20%           Ltd.




                                        0.3050%                                                                Jiangsu Coast
                                                                                                             Development Group     100%
                                        0.0256%    Jiangsu Coast Development Investment Co., Ltd.   100%           Co., Ltd.




                                        0.0408%                           Jiangsu Overseas Group Co., Ltd.                         100%




          3. De facto controllers did not control the Company through trust or other asset management
          programs




234
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
V. DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD, THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES
WHERE THE CUMULATIVE NUMBER OF SHARES PLEDGED BY THE
CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OR THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER AND
PERSONS ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THEM ACCOUNTED FOR MORE
THAN 80% OF THE COMPANY’S SHARES HELD BY THEM


VI. OTHER LEGAL-PERSON SHAREHOLDERS WITH MORE THAN 10 %
                                                                                                                              About Us
SHAREHOLDING
                                                                            Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                Person in
Name of      charge or legal
legal-person representative     Date of                            Registered      Main businesses or
shareholder    of the unit   establishment     Organization code    capital       management activities

                                                                                    Investment, management,

                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                   operation, transfer of state-
Jiangsu
                                                                                     owned capital; enterprise


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Guoxin                         February 22,
                 Pu Baoying                   91320000735724800G      300       trusteeship, assets restructuring,
Investment                        2002
                                                                                management consultation, house
Group Limited
                                                                                  leasing and other businesses
                                                                                          upon approval.

                Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are owned by the non-registered holders of H
Remarks
                Shares.




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RESTRICTIONS ON SHAREHOLDING
REDUCTION




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                     235
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VIII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE IN THE
          REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                                   Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB


          Name of share repurchase        Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
          plan                            Restricted A Shares

          Date of share repurchase
                                          March 31, 2022
          plan disclosed

          Number of shares to
                                          The total number of the Restricted Shares to be repurchased and cancelled
          be repurchased and
                                          is 1,060,973, representing approximately 0.01% of the total share capital of
          percentage to the total share
                                          the Company as at March 31, 2022.
          capital

          Amount to be repurchased        9,230,465.10

          Period to be repurchased        September 21, 2022

          Purpose of repurchase           Cancellation

                                          During the Reporting Period, pursuant to the relevant provisions of the
                                          Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
                                          the Company repurchased and cancelled a total of 1,060,973 restricted
                                          A shares granted but not yet unlocked held by 22 persons who were no
          Shares repurchased              longer qualified as incentive participants under the Incentive Scheme, at
                                          a repurchase price of RMB8.70 per Share and a total repurchase fund of
                                          RMB9,230,465.10. The repurchase and transfer of the above shares was
                                          completed on September 21, 2022 and the cancellation of the shares was
                                          completed on September 23, 2022.

          Number of shares
          repurchased as a
          percentage of the underlying    2.33
          shares under the stock
          incentive plan (%), if any

          Progress of the Company
          to reduce shareholding of
                                          N/A
          shares repurchased through
          centralized price bidding




236
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
IX.SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As of December 31, 2022, as far as the Company and the Directors are aware after having made all
reasonable enquiries, the following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the
Company) held interests or short positions in shares or underlying shares which shall be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and were recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                   Percentage of Long position (Note             About Us
                                                                                             Percentage of     the total issued A  2)/ short position
       Number of                                                                            the total issued   Shares/ H Shares     (Note 3)/ shares
       substantial                                                      Number of shares       shares of the    of the Company          available for
 No.   shareholders          Class of shares      Nature of interests      held (share)       Company (%)                     (%)            lending


                                  A Shares         Beneficial owner         1,271,072,836              14.01               17.28       Long position
       Jiangsu Guoxin
 1     Investment


                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                                  H Shares
       Group Limited          (Southbound          Beneficial owner          102,408,800                1.13               5.96        Long position
                                  Trading)


                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                               A Shares            Beneficial owner          452,065,418               4.98                 6.15       Long position
       Jiangsu
 2     Communications             H Shares
       Holding Co., Ltd.      (Southbound          Beneficial owner          37,000,000                 0.41                2.15       Long position
                                   Trading

                                                   Beneficial owner            62,511,285              0.69                0.85        Long position




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
                                  A Shares             Interests of
                                                        controlled             41,912,567              0.46                0.57        Long position
       Jiangsu SOHO                                   corporations
 3     Holdings Group
       Co., Ltd.                                   Beneficial owner           193,714,200               2.13               11.27       Long position
                                  H Shares
                              (Southbound              Interests of
                                  Trading)              controlled           93,946,600                 1.04               5.47        Long position
                                                      corporations


Notes:




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
1. Under Section 336 of the SFO, forms disclosing interests shall be submitted by shareholders of the Company upon satisfaction of certain
conditions. Changes of shareholders’ shareholdings in the Company are not required to inform the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange unless certain conditions are satisfied. Therefore, there could be differences between substantial shareholders’ latest shareholdings in
the Company and the shareholding information reported to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. directly held a long position in 62,511,285 A Shares and 193,714,200 H Shares of the Company, and, through
its controlled corporation (namely Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. ( 江蘇蘇豪國際集團股份有限公司 )), indirectly held a long position in
41,912,567 A Shares and 93,946,600 H Shares of the Company.
2. A shareholder has a long position if such shareholder has interests in shares, including interests through holding, writing or issuing financial
instruments (including derivatives), under which such shareholder
(i) has a right to purchase the underlying shares; (ii) is under an obligation to purchase the underlying shares; (iii) has a right to receive
payments if the price of the underlying shares increases; or (iv) has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares
increases.
3. A shareholder has a short position if such shareholder borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending agreement, or holds, writes
or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder (i) has a right to require another person to purchase the
underlying shares; (ii) is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (iii) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying
shares declines; or (iv) has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares declines.
4. Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the
Company) having any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as at December 31, 2022, which shall be
recorded in the register pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                                                        237
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          X. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS
          AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR
          DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, details on the restricted shares granted to some Directors of the
          Company due to the Company’s implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares are
          as follows:


                                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                          Percentage of     the total issued A   Long position/
                                                                                         the total issued   Shares/ H Shares     short position/
                                                                      Number of shares      shares of the    of the Company shares available for
           No.   Name         Class of shares   Nature of interests      held (share)      Company (%)                     (%)          lending


           1     Zhou Yi           A Shares     Beneficial owner            720,000              0.008               0.010        Long position



          Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2022, the Company was not aware of any other Directors,
          Supervisors or chief executives of the Company having any interests or short positions in the shares,
          underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations, which shall be notified
          to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
          (including interests or short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
          SFO) or which would be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register of
          interests, or which shall, pursuant to the Model Code, be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange.




238
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
XI.REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES

On January 13, 2022, the Company issued non-public corporate bonds with sell back option, namely “22
Huatai F1”, with an issuance size of RMB4 billion and a coupon rate of 2.75%, which was listed on the SSE.
During the Reporting Period, the Company exercised the option of issuer to adjust the coupon rate on 22
Huatai F1, and the investors chose to sell back in full, and the Company did not resell the bonds which have
been sold back and thus paid RMB4 billion resale fund in full on January 17, 2023, and paid a period interest
of RMB110 million (tax inclusive).

Save as disclosed above and the repurchase and cancellation of Shares stated in “VIII. Specific                          About Us
Implementation of Share Repurchase in the Reporting Period” in this section, the Company and its
subsidiaries have not repurchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company and its
subsidiaries during the Reporting Period.




XII. ARRANGEMENT FOR DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS TO PURCHASE

                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
SHARES OR DEBENTURES


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Save for the incentive plan stated in “XIII. Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other
Employee Incentives Measures and Their Implication” under “Corporate Governance” in this report, at no
time during the Reporting Period has the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries or fellow
subsidiaries, entered into any arrangements to enable the Directors and Supervisors to acquire benefits by
means of the purchase of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other corporate bodies.




XIII. INFORMATION ON PREFERENTIAL SHARES


                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
During the Reporting Period, the Company had no preferred shares.




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                239
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          BONDS




          I. ENTERPRISE BONDS, CORPORATE BONDS AND NON-FINANCIAL
          CORPORATE DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS

          (I) Enterprise Bonds

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any enterprise bonds.

          (II) Corporate Bonds

          1. Basic information on corporate bonds

          Information on corporate bonds of the Company in duration as at the date on which the annual report was
          approved to publish is as follows.
                                                                                                             Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                     Interest Principal and
                                                                                              Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond                  Abbreviation      Code     Issue date    Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

                                                                                                                             Principal to
          2013 Corporate Bonds of                                                                                            be paid upon
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.   13 Huatai 02   122262.SH   2013-06-05 2013-06-05 2023-06-05            60       5.10 expiration and
          (Ten-year bonds)                                                                                                   interest to be
                                                                                                                             paid annually

          2018 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                           be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       18 Huatai G2   155048.SH    2018-11-22   2018-11-26   2023-11-26        10       4.17 expiration and
          Qualified Investors (First                                                                                          interest to be
          tranche) (Type II)                                                                                                  paid annually

          2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                               Principal to
          of Huatai Securities                                                                                               be paid upon
          Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued     20 Huatai G3   163482.SH 2020-04-27 2020-04-29 2025-04-29              35       2.90 expiration and
          to Qualified Investors                                                                                             interest to be
          (Second tranche)                                                                                                   paid annually




240
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                             Interest Principal and
                                                                                      Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond                 Abbreviation       Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance        (%) method

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai G4    163558.SH   2020-05-19    2020-05-21    2025-05-21        30       3.20 expiration and
Qualified Investors (Third                                                                                           interest to be
tranche)                                                                                                             paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities                                                                                                 be paid upon
Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued    20 Huatai G6    163670.SH   2020-06-16 2020-06-18       2023-06-18         32      3.10 expiration and

                                                                                                                                                 About Us
to Qualified Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Fourth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                           paid annually

2020 Subordinated Bonds                                                                                              Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai C1    175409.SH    2020-11-11    2020-11-13    2025-11-13       50       4.48 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(First tranche)                                                                                                      paid annually

2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai G7    175473.SH   2020-11-20    2020-11-24    2023-11-24        35       3.90 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Fifth tranche)                                                                                                      paid annually



                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      20 Huatai G9    175535.SH   2020-12-07    2020-12-09    2023-12-09        40       3.79 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Sixth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                            paid annually

2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai G1   175648.SH    2021-01-18   2021-01-20    2024-01-20        40       3.58 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
(First tranche) (Type I)                                                                                             paid annually

2021 Subordinated Bonds                                                                                              Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai C1   175721.SH   2021-01-27    2021-01-29    2026-01-29        90       4.50 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(First tranche)                                                                                                      paid annually

2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      21 Huatai G3    188047.SH   2021-04-22    2021-04-26 2024-04-26           50       3.42 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Second tranche)                                                                                                     paid annually




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      21 Huatai G4    188106.SH   2021-05-13    2021-05-17    2026-05-17        60       3.71 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Third tranche)                                                                                                      paid annually




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      21 Huatai G5    188134.SH   2021-05-20    2021-05-24 2024-05-24           40       3.28 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Fourth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                            paid annually

2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                 Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                            be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to      21 Huatai G6    188140.SH   2021-05-20    2021-05-24 2026-05-24           20       3.63 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                               interest to be
(Fourth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                           paid annually




                                                                                                                                        241
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Interest Principal and
                                                                                                 Expiration                 Rate interest payment
          Name of bond                 Abbreviation        Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance         (%) method

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to      21 Huatai G7     188239.SH   2021-06-10    2021-06-15    2024-06-15        20        3.40 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
          (Fifth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                               paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to      21 Huatai 09     188282.SH   2021-06-17    2021-06-21    2024-06-21        25        3.45 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
          (Sixth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                               paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,
                                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                         21 Huatai 11   188324.SH   2021-09-03    2021-09-07 2024-09-07            15       3.03 expiration and
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                                 interest to be
          (Seventh tranche)
                                                                                                                                 paid annually
          (Type I)

          2021 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                 Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,
                                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                        21 Huatai 12    188325.SH   2021-09-03    2021-09-07    2031-09-07         27       3.78 expiration and
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                                 interest to be
          (Seventh tranche)
                                                                                                                                 paid annually
          (Type II)

                                                                                                                                 Interest to be
                                                                                                                                 paid annually
          2021 Perpetual
                                                                                                                                 under the
          Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                                 condition that
          Huatai Securities Co.,
                                        21 Huatai Y1    188785.SH   2021-09-15    2021-09-17             –        30        3.85 the issuer does
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                                 not exercise
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                                 the right to
          (First tranche)
                                                                                                                                 defer interest
                                                                                                                                 payments

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai 13    188874.SH    2021-10-14    2021-10-18   2024-10-18         21       3.25 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
          (Eighth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                              paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai 14    188875.SH    2021-10-14    2021-10-18    2031-10-18       34        3.99 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
          (Eighth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                             paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai 15    188926.SH    2021-10-21   2021-10-25    2024-10-25         22       3.22 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
          (Ninth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                               paid annually

          2021 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                   Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                              be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to       21 Huatai 16    188927.SH    2021-10-21   2021-10-25    2031-10-25          11      3.94 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                 interest to be
          (Ninth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                              paid annually




242
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                            Interest Principal and
                                                                                     Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond                Abbreviation       Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance        (%) method

                                                                                                                    Interest to be
                                                                                                                    paid annually
2021 Perpetual
                                                                                                                    under the
Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                    condition that
Huatai Securities Co.,
                             21 Huatai Y2   188942.SH   2021-10-26    2021-10-28             -        50       4.00 the issuer does
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                    not exercise
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                    the right to
(Second tranche)
                                                                                                                    defer interest
                                                                                                                    payments

                                                                                                                    Interest to be              About Us
                                                                                                                    paid annually
2021 Perpetual
                                                                                                                    under the
Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                    condition that
Huatai Securities Co.,
                             21 Huatai Y3   185019.SH    2021-11-16    2021-11-18            –        20       3.80 the issuer does
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                    not exercise
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                    the right to
(Third tranche)
                                                                                                                    defer interest
                                                                                                                    payments




                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                    Interest to be
                                                                                                                    paid annually
2022 Perpetual
                                                                                                                    under the
Subordinated Bonds of


                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                                                                    condition that
Huatai Securities Co.,
                             22 Huatai Y1   185337.SH   2022-01-24    2022-01-26             -         27      3.49 the issuer does
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                    not exercise
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                    the right to
(First tranche)
                                                                                                                    defer interest
                                                                                                                    payments

2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                           be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to     22 Huatai G1    185364.SH   2022-02-10    2022-02-14    2025-02-14        50       2.79 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                              interest to be




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
(First tranche)                                                                                                     paid annually

                                                                                                                    Interest to be
                                                                                                                    paid annually
2022 Perpetual
                                                                                                                    under the
Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                    condition that
Huatai Securities Co.,
                            22 Huatai Y2    185388.SH   2022-07-07    2022-07-11             -        30       3.59 the issuer does
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                    not exercise
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                    the right to
(Second tranche)
                                                                                                                    defer interest
                                                                                                                    payments

2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                           be paid upon




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Ltd. Publicly Issued to     22 Huatai G2    137666.SH   2022-08-11    2022-08-15    2024-08-15        20       2.43 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                              interest to be
(Second tranche)                                                                                                    paid annually

                                                                                                                    Principal to



                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
2022 Corporate Bonds
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                           be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to     22 Huatai G3    137732.SH 2022-08-24      2022-08-26 2024-08-26           30       2.33 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                              interest to be
(Third tranche)                                                                                                     paid annually

2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                           be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to     22 Huatai G4    137780.SH   2022-09-01 2022-09-05 2025-09-05              20       2.52 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                              interest to be
(Fourth tranche)                                                                                                    paid annually




                                                                                                                                       243
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                          Interest Principal and
                                                                                                   Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond                    Abbreviation       Code     Issue date    Value date          date    Balance        (%) method

          2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                    Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                               be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to         22 Huatai G5    137814.SH 2022-09-08      2022-09-13    2025-09-13        30       2.50 expiration and
          Professional Investors (Fifth                                                                                           interest to be
          tranche)                                                                                                                paid annually

                                                                                                                                  Interest to be
                                                                                                                                  paid annually
          2022 Perpetual
                                                                                                                                  under the
          Subordinated Bonds of
                                                                                                                                  condition that
          Huatai Securities Co.,
                                          22 Huatai Y3    137604.SH   2022-10-19    2022-10-21             –        35       3.20 the issuer does
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                                  not exercise
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                                  the right to
          (Third tranche)
                                                                                                                                  defer interest
                                                                                                                                  payments

          2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                    Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                               be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to         22 Huatai G6    138597.SH    2022-11-17    2022-11-21    2024-11-21       36       2.87 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                  interest to be
          (Sixth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                                paid annually

          2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                    Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                               be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to         22 Huatai G7    138598.SH    2022-11-17    2022-11-21    2027-11-21        14      3.18 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                  interest to be
          (Sixth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                               paid annually

          2022 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                                  Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,
                                                                                                                                  be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                          22 Huatai G8    138679.SH   2022-12-01    2022-12-05    2024-12-05         15      2.87 expiration and
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                                  interest to be
          (Seventh tranche)
                                                                                                                                  paid annually
          (Type I)

          2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                    Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                               be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to          22 Huatai 10   138709.SH   2022-12-08    2022-12-12    2025-12-12        20       3.35 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                  interest to be
          (Eighth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                               paid annually

          2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                    Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                               be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to          22 Huatai 11   138710.SH   2022-12-08    2022-12-12    2027-12-12         5       3.49 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                  interest to be
          (Eighth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                              paid annually

          2022 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                    Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                               be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to          22 Huatai 12   138737.SH   2022-12-20    2022-12-22    2024-12-22        40       3.24 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                  interest to be
          (Ninth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                                paid annually

          2023 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                    Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                               be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to         23 Huatai G1    138816.SH   2023-01-06    2023-01-10    2025-01-10        40       2.92 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                  interest to be
          (First tranche)                                                                                                         paid annually

          2023 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                    Principal to
          of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                               be paid upon
          Ltd. Publicly Issued to         23 Huatai G2    138844.SH   2023-01-12    2023-01-16    2025-01-16         8       3.00 expiration and
          Professional Investors                                                                                                  interest to be
          (Second tranche) (Type I)                                                                                               paid annually




244
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                     Interest Principal and
                                                                                            Expiration                  Rate interest payment
Name of bond                  Abbreviation          Code      Issue date    Value date           date    Balance          (%) method

2023 Corporate Bonds
                                                                                                                             Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,
                                                                                                                             be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                              23 Huatai G3      138845.SH     2023-01-12    2023-01-16     2028-01-16           20      3.48 expiration and
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                             interest to be
(Second tranche)
                                                                                                                             paid annually
 (Type II)

2023 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                          Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                                     be paid upon

                                                                                                                                                                About Us
Ltd. Publicly Issued to       23 Huatai G4      138857.SH 2023-02-02 2023-02-06 2026-02-06                     45        3.23 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                                        interest to be
(Third tranche)                                                                                                               paid annually

2023 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                          Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                                     be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to       23 Huatai G5      138886.SH 2023-02-09        2023-02-13     2028-02-13          40        3.39 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                                        interest to be
(Fourth tranche)                                                                                                              paid annually

2023 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                          Principal to



                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                                     be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to       23 Huatai G6      138915.SH 2023-02-23       2023-02-27     2026-02-27            15       3.14 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                                        interest to be



                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
(Fifth tranche) (Type I)                                                                                                      paid annually

2023 Corporate Bonds                                                                                                          Principal to
of Huatai Securities Co.,                                                                                                     be paid upon
Ltd. Publicly Issued to       23 Huatai G7      138916.SH 2023-02-23       2023-02-27     2028-02-27            22       3.36 expiration and
Professional Investors                                                                                                        interest to be
(Fifth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                                     paid annually

2023 Short-term
                                                                                                                             One-off
Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                                             payment of
Huatai Securities Co.,




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                               23 Huatai S1     115083.SH     2023-03-15    2023-03-17     2023-09-15          50       2.65 principal and
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                             interest upon
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                             expiration
(First tranche)

2023 Short-term
                                                                                                                             One-off
Corporate Bonds of
                                                                                                                             payment of
Huatai Securities Co.,
                               23 Huatai S2       115117.SH   2023-03-21 2023-03-23        2023-10-25          50       2.65 principal and
Ltd. Publicly Issued to
                                                                                                                             interest upon
Professional Investors
                                                                                                                             expiration
(Second tranche)


Notes:
1. The above-mentioned corporate bonds were publicly issued to professional investors who shall have the ability to identify and bear respective




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
risks. They shall be aware of and bear their own investment risks of the corporate bonds and in compliance with the requirements of the
Administrative Measures for Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds, the Administrative Measures of the Shanghai Stock Exchange for Eligibility
of Investors in the Bond Market (《上海證券交易所債券市場投資者適當性管理辦法》), the Administrative Measures for the Eligibility of the Investors of
Securities and Future (《 證券期貨投資者適當性管理辦法》) and relevant laws and regulations (excluding purchasers subject to prohibition under




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
laws and regulations). Investors shall not subscribe by illegal use of others’ accounts or fund accounts, or illegally financing or financing for
others. Investors subscribing for this tranche of bonds shall observe relevant laws and regulations and relevant provisions of the CSRC and
assume corresponding legal responsibilities on their own.
2. The above-mentioned corporate bonds are listed on the SSE, which can be traded by way of matching, one-click-order, price-enquiry,
bidding and negotiating pursuant to the Rules Governing the Trading of Bonds on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
3. Information on the lead underwriters and entrusted managers of the above-mentioned corporate bonds can be found in the prospectus for
bonds.
4. 21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3, 22 Huatai Y1, 22 Huatai Y2 and 22 Huatai Y3 are subject to issuer’s renewal option, issuer’s redemption
right, issuer’s redemption option when certain conditions are met and issuer’s right of deferring interest payment. The coupon rate for the
first five interest-bearing years is determined through book-building, which remains unchanged during the first five interest-bearing years.
The coupon rate shall be repriced every five years from the sixth interest-bearing year. If no redemption right was exercised by the issuer, the
coupon rate would be adjusted to be the sum of the current benchmark interest rate and the initial spread plus 300bp from the sixth interest-
bearing year, which will remain unchanged from the sixth interest-bearing year to the tenth interest-bearing year. Afterwards, the coupon rate
repriced every five years is the sum of the current benchmark interest rate and the initial spread plus 300bp. The initial spread is the difference
between the coupon rate and the initial benchmark interest rate for the first five interest-bearing years.




                                                                                                                                                       245
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Interest Payment for Bonds during the Reporting Period

          Name of bond                      Redemption and interest payment

          19 Huatai G1                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          19 Huatai G3                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G8                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai S6                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai S7                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai S9                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Hua S14                        Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Hua S13                        Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Hua S12                        Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Hua S10                        Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Hua S11                        Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai S5                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai S2                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai S3                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai S4                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          22 Huatai S1                      Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai C1                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          18 Huatai G2                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G1                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G3                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G4                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G6                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G7                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G9                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G1                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G3                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G4                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G6                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G5                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G7                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai 09                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai 11                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai 12                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai 13                      Payment of interest in full as scheduled




246
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Name of bond                        Redemption and interest payment

21 Huatai 14                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai 15                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai 16                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

13 Huatai 02                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai Y1                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai Y2                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai Y3                        Payment of interest in full as scheduled                                              About Us



2. Triggers and execution of issuer’s or investor’s option clauses or investor protection clauses

21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3, 22 Huatai Y1, 22 Huatai Y2 and 22 Huatai Y3 issued by the Company
are subject to the issuer’s renewal option and issuer’s redemption right, and the issuer’s renewal option
has not been exercised as of the disclosure date of this report; the issuer’s redemption option when certain


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
conditions are met, which has not been triggered as of the disclosure date of this report; and the issuer’s
right of deferring interest payment. Since the Company considered and approved the Resolution on the 2021


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Profit Distribution Plan of the Company at the 2021 Annual General Meeting held on June 30, 2022, which is a
mandatory interest payment event as stipulated in the above bond prospectus, the Company has paid the
bond interest of 21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3 on time and in full on the interest payment date and
will pay the bond interest of 22 Huatai Y1 on time and in full on the interest payment date.

As of the disclosure date of this report, the Company has strictly implemented the relevant terms and
agreements on investor protection clauses and settlement safeguards in accordance with the covenants in
the prospectus for corporate bonds, and paid the principal and/or interest of each bond on time and in full.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
3. Intermediary Agency to Provide Services for Bond Issuance and Existing Business

Name of
intermediary                                Name of signatory
agency                Office address        accountant            Contact person        Contact number

                      8/F, KPMG Tower,
                      Oriental Plaza, No.   Cheng Hailiang,
KPMG Huazhen LLP                                                Zhang Nan               021-22123075
                      1 East Chang’an       Qian Ruwen, Zou Jun
                      Avenue, Beijing




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 247
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Other intermediary agencies to provide services for the above bond issuance and existing business as blow.


          Intermediary
          agency       Name                    Office address                       Contact person     Contact number

                                               5/F, Building 1, Huatai Securities
                        Huatai United                                               Wang
                                               Square, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong                        025-83387750
                        Securities Co., Ltd.                                        Chengcheng
                                               Road, Nanjing

                                               37/F, Taikang Insurance Tower, No.                        18721275807,
                        GF Securities Co.,                                          Li Peng, Liu Jiaxin,
                                               429 North Nanquan Road, Pudong                            16601912804,
                        Ltd.                                                        Jiang Tianyue
                                               New Area, Shanghai                                        18521009900


                        Shenwan
                                               45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui    Liu Qiuyan, Ding   021-33388507,
                        Hongyuan
                                               District, Shanghai                   Tianshuo           021-33388508
                        Securities Co., Ltd.


                        China
                        International
                                               China World Office, No. 1
                        Capital                                                     Liu Liu            010-65051166
          Lead                                 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing
                        Corporation
          Underwriter
                        Limited

                        China
                        Development            1-9/F, No. 29 Fuchengmen Wai
                                                                                    Wang Tianwei       010-88300840
                        Bank Securities        Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
                        Company Limited

                        China Industrial
                                               32/F, SK Tower, Building 1, 6A
                        Securities Co., Ltd.
                                               Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang Tao Jian                 13581681404
                        ( 興業證券股份有限
                                               District, Beijing
                        公司 )

                                           2/F, Kaiyuan Securities Wealth
                        Kaiyuan Securities
                                           Management Center, No. 62 Furong
                        Co., Ltd. ( 開源證券                                     Zhou Yan                  029-88365835
                                           West Road, Yanta District, Xi’an,
                        股份有限公司 )
                                           Shaanxi Province

                                               37/F, Taikang Insurance Tower, No.                        18721275807,
                        GF Securities Co.,                                          Li Peng, Liu Jiaxin,
                                               429 North Nanquan Road, Pudong                            16601912804,
                        Ltd.                                                        Jiang Tianyue
                                               New Area, Shanghai                                        18521009900

                        Shenwan
                                               45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui    Liu Qiuyan, Ding   021-33388507,
          Entrusted     Hongyuan
                                               District, Shanghai                   Tianshuo           021-33388508
          manager of    Securities Co., Ltd.
          bonds
                        China
                        International
                                               China World Office, No. 1
                        Capital                                                     Liu Liu            010-65051166
                                               Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing
                        Corporation
                        Limited




248
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Intermediary
agency       Name                             Office address                                  Contact person          Contact number

                    China Lianhe
                                              17/F, Tower 2, No. 2 Jianguomenwai
                    Credit Rating Co.,                                                        Chen Ning               010-85172818
                                              Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                    Ltd.
Credit rating
agencies            Shanghai
                    Brilliance Credit         14/F, Huasheng Mansion, No. 398                                         021-63501349-
                                                                                              Gao Fei
                    Rating & Investors        Hankou Road, Shanghai                                                   637


                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                    Service Co., Ltd.

                                              28, 31, 33, 36, 37/F, SK Tower, 6A
                    Zhong Lun Law
                                              Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang Guo Zhi                                  025-69511868
                    Firm
                                              District, Beijing

                                              11-12/F, Shanghai Tower, No. 501
                    AllBright Law                                              Sun Zuan, Bai
Law Firm                                      Middle Yincheng Road, Pudong New                                        021-20511000
                    Offices                                                    Xue
                                              Area, Shanghai



                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                              17-18/F, East Tower, World Financial
                    King & Wood
                                              Center 1, No. 1 Middle East 3rd Ring            Yao Lei                 021-24126099
                    Mallesons
                                              Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing


Note: Certain bond issuances were underwritten by Shenwan Hongyuan Financing Services Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shenwan                    and Strategies
Hongyuan Financing Services”), a subsidiary of Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Securities Parent Company”).
Due to changes in the business scope of Securities Parent Company, bond underwriting business, except for convertible bonds, of Shenwan
Hongyuan Financing Services was included into the business scope of Securities Parent Company. For the above changes in business scope,
relevant authorities had issued approval. Therefore, the rights and obligations under the agreement entered into by Shenwan Hongyuan
Financing Services have succeeded to Securities Parent Company.




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Changes to the above intermediary agencies

                                                                                                                      Impact on
Name of                                                                                                               the rights and
intermediary                                                                                                          interests of bond
agency                 Reason for change                                     Fulfill the procedure                    investors

                       Pursuant to the requirements of the                   On March 31, 2022, the
                       Administrative Measures for Selection                 Resolution on the Change
                       and Appointment of Accounting Firms                   of the Accounting Firm was
Deloitte Touche        by Stateowned Financial Enterprises                   considered and approved                  This change has



                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Tohmatsu               (Cai Jin [2020] No. 6) (《國有金融企業選                      at the twenty-first meeting              no impact on
Certified Public       聘會計師事 務所管理辦法》( 財金 [2020] 6                            of the fifth session of the              the rights and
Accountants            號 )) issued by the Ministry of Finance,               Board of the Company, and                interests of bond



                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
LLP                    the service term of KPMG Huazhen LLP,                 on June 22, 2022, the above              investors.
                       the accounting firm originally engaged                resolution was considered
                       by the Company, will expire after the                 and approved at the 2021
                       completion of 2021 annual audit.                      Annual General Meeting.




                                                                                                                                                 249
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          4. Utilisation of funds raised as at the end of the Reporting Period

          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the utilisation of funds raised from bonds in duration of the Company
          is as follows:
                                                                                           Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                               Total amount           Utilised    Unutilised
          Name of bond        of funds raised        amount        amount                Use agreed in the prospectus

          22 Huatai Y1                     27              27              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

          22 Huatai G1                     50              50              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

          22 Huatai Y2                     30              30              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

          22 Huatai G2                     20              20              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

          22 Huatai S2                     50              50              –         Replenishment of working capital

          22 Huatai G3                      30             30              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

          22 Huatai G4                      20             20              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

          22 Huatai G5                      30             30              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

                                                                                  Repayment of corporate bonds and
          22 Huatai Y3                      35             35              –
                                                                                          interest-bearing liabilities

          22 Huatai G6                      36             36              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

          22 Huatai G7                      14             14              –           Repayment of corporate bonds

                                                                                  Repayment of corporate bonds and
          22 Huatai G8                      15             15              –
                                                                                     replenishment of working capital

          22 Huatai 10                      20             20              –         Replenishment of working capital

          22 Huatai 11                       5              5              –         Replenishment of working capital

          22 Huatai 12                      40             40              –         Replenishment of working capital


          According to the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds,
          in order to ensure that the utilisation of funds raised is consistent with the prospectus and to guarantee the
          legal rights of bondholders, the Company has set up a special account for the utilisation of funds raised in
          supervisory banks, which is subject to the supervision of the supervisory banks.

          The funds raised from the corporate bonds have been fully utilised, which is conformed to the purpose,
          utilisation plan and other agreements as undertaken in the prospectus. Utilisation of funds raised from
          bonds issued in prior years can be found in the prospectus for bonds and the annual report of that year.




250
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
5. Adjustments to the credit ratings

During the Reporting Period, the rating agencies did not make any adjustments to the credit ratings of
corporate bonds. Information on credit ratings of bonds in different periods can be found in the rating
report for bonds.

6. Implementation and Changes of Guarantees, Settlement Plan and other Settlement
Safeguards and their Impact during the Reporting Period


                                                                                                  Any

                                                                                                                    About Us
Current status                                                    Implementation                  change

The existing corporate bonds of the Company are issued
                                                                  The Company strictly
unsecured and performed the settlement plan in accordance
                                                                  performed the various
with the covenants in the prospectus for corporate bonds.
                                                                  covenants in the prospectus
According to the covenants in the prospectus for corporate
                                                                  in relation to the investor
bonds, the Company has settlement safeguards in place,
                                                                  protection mechanism, paid the
including but are not limited to setting up terms of settlement                                    No
                                                                  interest for the corporate bonds
safeguards undertaking and relief measures for issuer,


                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
                                                                  on time, and disclosed relevant
formulating the Rules for Meeting of Bondholders, entrusting
                                                                  information on the Company in
bond manager, establishing a special working group for the
                                                                  a timely manner to protect the

                                                                                                                  and Strategies
settlement, strictly performing the obligations of information
                                                                  legal interest of investors.
disclosure and setting up a special debt repayment account.




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                           251
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Non-financial corporate debt financing instruments in the inter-bank bond
          market

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any non-financial corporate debt financing
          instruments in the inter-bank bond market.


          (IV) During the Reporting Period, the Company did not record a loss in the
          consolidated statements exceeding 10% of the net assets at the end of the previous
          year

          (V) Interest-bearing Debt (other than bonds) overdue at the end of the Reporting
          Period

          The Company enjoyed a good reputation, and repaid matured debts and paid interests on time without any
          overdue debts during the Reporting Period.


          (VI) The Impacts of Non-compliance in Laws and Regulations, the Articles of
          Association, the Management Measures for Information Disclosure and Violation of
          Relevant Covenants or Undertakings in the Prospectus for Bonds on the Interests of
          Bond Investors during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company complied with laws and regulations, the Articles of Association
          and the Management Measures for Information Disclosure, strictly performed its obligations of information
          disclosure and paid the interest for the bonds on time to protect the legal interest of investors. In addition,
          the Company strictly performed the relevant covenants or undertakings in the prospectus for corporate
          bonds, and the usage of the proceeds was in line with the covenants in the prospectus. During the Reporting
          Period, the Company did not default on the redemption and interest payment of issued bonds, and
          operated stably with satisfactory earnings and there is no risk of the Company failing to make payments on
          time in the future.




252
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(VII) Accounting Data and Financial Indicators of the Company for the Past Two
Years Up to the end of the Reporting Period
                                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Primary indicators                                                    2022             2021     Year-on-year change (%)

Net profit after non-recurring profit or
                                                             10,772,301.08     13,191,627.76                           (18.34)
loss

Current ratio                                                           1.40            1.41                             (0.71)

Quick ratio                                                             1.40            1.41                             (0.71)

                                                                                                            Decrease of 1.12                About Us
Gearing ratio (%)                                                     75.81          76.93
                                                                                                         percentage points

                                                                                                           Decrease of 1.35
EBITDA to total debt ratio (%)                                          6.19           7.54
                                                                                                         percentage points

Times interest earned                                                  2.16            2.58                            (16.28)

Times cash-interest earned                                             7.31           (5.28)                              N/A



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Times interest earned of EBITDA                                         2.31            2.71                           (14.76)

Loan repayment ratio (%)                                            100.00           100.00


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Interest payment ratio (%)                                          100.00           100.00


Note: Customer’s funds are not included in the above-mentioned indicators.




II. THE COMPANY HAD NO CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   253
FINANCIAL REPORT AND
DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION
                 Independent Auditor's Report    256

                      Annual Financial Report    263

             Index of Documents for Inspection   409

Information Disclosure of Securities Companies   409

                                    Appendix     410
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
          TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
          (Incorporated in the People's Republic of China with Limited Liability)


           Opinion

          We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the "Company") and its subsidiaries
          (collectively referred to as the "Group") set out on pages 263 to 408, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
          position as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss
          and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows
          for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting
          policies.

          In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
          Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
          then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRSs") issued by the International Accounting
          Standards Board ("IASB") and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
          Kong Companies Ordinance.



           Basis for Opinion

          We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing ("ISAs"). Our responsibilities under those
          standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
          Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
          (the "Code"), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
          evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



           Key audit matters

          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
          opinion on these matters.




256
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022

                                    Valuations of financial instruments classified under the fair value hierarchy as level 3


                            The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter



The fair value of the Group's financial instruments is mainly based on           Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
active market quoted prices or valuation techniques. For level 3 financial
instruments, including debt instruments, unlisted equity investments, private    • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to
equity funds and over-the-counter derivative financial instruments, the Group    the valuation of level 3 financial instruments and testing the operating
uses valuation techniques to measure fair values.                                effectiveness of these controls;

As disclosed in Note 62 to the consolidated financial statements, as at 31       • Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models used by the



                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
December 2022, the fair value of the Group's level 3 financial assets and        management for level 3 financial instruments;
financial liabilities amounted to RMB25,145 million and RMB10,942 million,
respectively.                                                                    • On a sample basis, reading the investment agreements to understand the
                                                                                 relevant investment terms, identifying any conditions that were relevant to the
We identified valuation of level 3 financial instruments as a key audit matter   valuations of these financial instruments and assessing the application in the
because the amount involved was significant and the selection of valuation       valuation;
techniques and determination of unobservable inputs required significant
judgements and estimations.                                                      • Evaluating, on a sample basis, the appropriateness of the significant
                                                                                 unobservable and observable inputs which were used for measuring the fair
                                                                                 value of level 3 financial instruments;

                                                                                 • Performing independent valuations of level 3 financial instruments, on a
                                                                                 sample basis, and comparing these valuations with the Group's valuations,




                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                 with the involvement of our valuation experts, as appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                   257
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Measurement of expected credit losses ("ECL") for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed lendings


                                      The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter



          The Group uses an expected credit loss ("ECL") model to determine the loss        Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
          allowance for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed lendings.
                                                                                            • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to the
          The management exercised significant judgements and estimations in its            measurement of ECL for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed
          assessment of ECL allowance of margin accounts receivable and securities-         lendings and testing the operating effectiveness of these controls;
          backed lendings. They included the determination of staging of the relevant
          financial assets whether the credit risk had increased significantly and credit   • Evaluating the appropriateness of the ECL model, the critical assumptions
          impairment events had occurred; the determination of key parameters               and parameters used in the model with the involvement of our internal
          used in the ECL model, including loss rate, exposure at default and forward-      experts;
          looking information for Stage 1 and 2 financial assets; the determination of
          recoverable amount in respect of Stage 3 financial assets based on value of       • Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria for significant increase in
          collateral and repayment ability of borrowers.                                    credit risk ("SICR") and financial assets that were credit impaired determined
                                                                                            by management and, on a sample basis, testing the application of such
          As at 31 December 2022, the Group held margin accounts receivable of              criteria to individual margin accounts receivable and securities-backed
          RMB102,175 million, less impairment allowance of RMB1,526 million as disclosed    lendings;
          in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements and securities-backed
          lendings of RMB7,705 million, less impairment allowance of RMB1,014 million as    • Examining the correctness of major inputs to the ECL model for selected
          disclosed in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.                    samples, including exposure at default and loss rate, and the mathematical
                                                                                            accuracy of the calculation of ECL;
          We identified the measurement of ECL for the Group's margin accounts
          receivable and securities-backed lendings as a key audit matter due to the        • For credit-impaired financial assets, on a sample basis, assessing the
          significance of these assets to the Group's consolidated financial statements     reasonableness of expected credit losses made by management based
          and the significant management estimations and judgments required in the          on repayment ability of borrowers, value of collateral and other credit
          measurement.                                                                      enhancements, as appropriate.




258
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022

                                                                Consolidation of structured entities


                             The Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter



The Group held interests as investor and/or acted as investment manager in           Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
various structured entities including asset management schemes, investment
funds and partnerships. As disclosed in Note 57, as at 31 December 2022, the         • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to the
total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB71,870           consolidation of structured entities and testing the operating effectiveness of
million and the total assets of the unconsolidated structured entities               these controls;
sponsored by the Group amounted to RMB528,130 million, respectively.
                                                                                     • Selecting samples to perform the following audit procedures:



                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
The Group consolidated the structured entities which it controlled. The
principle of control sets out the following three elements of control: (a) power     - inspecting agreements relating to the structured entity and understanding
over the investee; (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from involvement     the purpose of its set up; assessing the appropriateness of the Group's
with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect      judgement on the power the Group had over the structured entity according
the amount of the investor's returns. The Group considered its power, arising        to the Group's rights and obligations under different transaction structures
from the rights entitled directly or indirectly, over the structured entities, and   and its involvement with the structured entity;
assessed whether the combination of investments it held together with its
remuneration created exposure to variability of returns from the structured          - verifying the analysis on the Group's variable return which included, but
entities that are of such significance that it indicated the Group controlled the    was not limited to, fixed management fees and performance fees obtained
structured entities and should consolidated these structured entities.               through acting as asset manager, as well as the returns obtained from
                                                                                     holding an interest in a structured entity;
We identified the determination of consolidation scope of structured entities
as a key audit matter due to the significant judgments applied by the                - analysing the scope of the Group's decision-making power over the




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
management in determining whether a structured entity was required to be             structured entity, the substantive rights held by other participants, the level
consolidated by the Group and the significance of the impact arising from            of remuneration obtained from providing asset management services and
consolidating these structured entities to the Group's consolidated financial        the risk of variable return borne by holding other interests in the structured




                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
statements as a whole.                                                               entity and, checking the Group's analysis on the magnitude and variability of
                                                                                     variable return, assessing whether the Group acts as principal or agent in the
                                                                                     structured entities;

                                                                                     - assessing the management's judgment on the consolidation of structured
                                                                                     entities through carrying out the above procedures.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                       259
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Other Information

          The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
          included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

          Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
          of assurance conclusion thereon.

          In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
          in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
          or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
          performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
          We have nothing to report in this regard.


          Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
          Financial Statements

          The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
          and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
          Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
          financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

          In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to
          continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
          basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
          alternative but to do so.

          Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.


          Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

          Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
          free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion
          solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
          responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
          level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
          misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
          the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
          consolidated financial statements.




260
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements(continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control.



                                                                                                                                            About Us
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
manner that achieves fair presentation.

• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   261
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements(continued)

          We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
          the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
          audit.

          We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
          requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
          reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
          safeguards applied.

          From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
          significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
          matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
          matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
          because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
          such communication.

          The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Eric Tong.




          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

          Certified Public Accountants
          Hong Kong




          30 March 2023




262
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022


ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                                                                      About Us
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                          Notes                       2022                                         2021



Revenue

  Fee and commission income                                 4                    20,981,425                                 22,325,343

  Interest income                                           5                     13,744,117                                  14,741,059

  Net investment gains                                      6                     6,026,587                                     11,271,371

                                                                                 40,752,129                                  48,337,773




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
  Other income and gains                                    7                     6,072,243                                   3,588,631

Total revenue, gains and other income                                            46,824,372                                  51,926,404

  Fee and commission expenses                               8                   (4,745,839)                                 (5,652,709)




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
  Interest expenses                                         9                    (11,111,339)                              (10,990,375)

  Staff costs                                              10                  (10,051,898)                                  (11,357,194)

  Depreciation and amortisation expenses                    11                  (1,552,576)                                 (1,432,645)

  Tax and surcharges                                        12                     (189,971)                                 (239,895)

  Other operating expenses                                  13                  (8,649,106)                                 (8,062,817)
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
                                                           14
   net of reversal                                                                 485,349                                    (548,188)
Total expenses                                                                 (35,815,380)                                (38,283,823)




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Operating profit                                                                  11,008,992                                  13,642,581

  Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                 1,219,046                                  2,629,981
Profit before income tax                                                         12,228,038                                  16,272,562
  Income tax expense                                       15                     (862,708)                                 (2,671,669)
Profit for the year                                                               11,365,330                                 13,600,893
Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company                                                     11,052,696                                  13,346,106

  Non-controlling interests                                                         312,634                                     254,787

                                                                                  11,365,330                                 13,600,893

Earnings per share (Expressed in Renminbi per share)       19

                                                                                         1.18




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
  - Basic                                                                                                                            1.47

  - Diluted                                                                              1.16                                        1.46




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                             263
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                          OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                             Note                2022                                        2021



          Profit for the year                                                                11,365,330                                13,600,893



          Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year



            Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
            Equity instruments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income/(expense)
              - Net change in fair value                                                      (59,673)                                  (504,393)

              - Income tax impact                                                                9,838                                     122,805



            Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
            Net loss from debt instruments at fair value through
                                                                                             (122,522)                                    (49,215)
             other comprehensive income
            Fair value gain on hedging instruments designated in cash
                                                                                                56,827                                      20,164
             flow hedges
            Share of other comprehensive income of associates and
                                                                                                 18,719                                     51,482
             joint ventures
            Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
                                                                                              1,278,136                                  (263,031)
              in foreign currencies
            Income tax impact                                                                   14,624                                     (3,896)
          Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year,
                                                                              18
           net of income tax                                                                  1,195,949                                 (626,084)
          Total comprehensive income for the year                                            12,561,279                                 12,974,809



          Attributable to:

            Shareholders of the Company                                                     12,062,324                                   12,760,128
            Non-controlling interests                                                         498,955                                      214,681
          Total                                                                              12,561,279                                 12,974,809




          The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




264
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                         FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                              Notes                      2022                                        2021




Non-current assets                                                                                                                                     About Us
 Property and equipment                                        20                    6,287,383                                   5,178,222

 Investment properties                                         21                      217,586                                    294,008

 Goodwill                                                      22                     3,352,219                                 2,836,429

 Land-use rights and other intangible assets                   23                    7,439,816                                   6,790,673

 Interests in associates                                       25                   18,276,443                                  18,269,459

 Interests in joint ventures                                   26                     1,706,184                                  1,749,065

 Debt instruments at amortised cost                            27                   36,586,707                                 25,299,666



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
 Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                               28                    7,900,595                                  4,857,284
  comprehensive income
 Equity instruments at fair value through other




                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                               29                      241,587                                     163,138
  comprehensive income
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         31                    10,142,583                                 9,896,339

 Refundable deposits                                           32                   42,706,777                                  27,627,129

 Deferred tax assets                                           33                     596,499                                     654,651

 Other non-current assets                                      34                     300,664                                     282,227
Total non-current assets                                                           135,755,043                                 103,898,290



Current assets




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
 Accounts receivable                                           35                    7,804,341                                   10,287,174
 Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets       36                     2,157,529                                  2,122,246
 Margin accounts receivable                                    37                  100,648,375                                 116,942,245
 Debt instruments at amortised cost                            27                    11,965,863                                   7,121,850
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                 30                   34,824,221                                   11,751,970
 Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                               28                    2,603,784                                   4,457,415
  comprehensive income
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         31                  340,661,962                                345,362,833
 Derivative financial assets                                   38                    15,788,301                                 15,247,805

  Clearing settlement funds                                    39                    8,716,506                                   8,580,941

  Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                     40                  140,460,346                                 143,640,263

  Cash and bank balances                                       41                   45,180,745                                  37,237,801




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Total current assets                                                                710,811,973                               702,752,543
Total assets                                                                       846,567,016                                806,650,833




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                              265
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                               FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
                                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                              Notes                      2022                                        2021



          Current liabilities

            Short-term bank loans                                              43                    7,997,434                                  8,492,290

            Short-term debt instruments issued                                 44                   25,772,604                                 53,598,658

            Placements from other financial institutions                       45                    25,877,713                                  14,018,721

            Accounts payable to brokerage clients                              46                   152,551,723                                147,501,833

            Employee benefits payable                                          47                    5,304,177                                   5,757,598

            Other payables and accruals                                        48                  108,096,572                                 106,620,755

            Contract liabilities                                               49                      218,943                                    265,637

            Current tax liabilities                                                                    524,997                                   1,245,374

            Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  50                   144,117,998                                 130,710,001

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         51                   43,005,621                                 28,289,462

            Derivative financial liabilities                                   38                    9,638,125                                  10,643,222

            Long-term bonds due within one year                                52                   29,062,749                                 35,372,308

          Total current liabilities                                                                552,168,656                                 542,515,859

          Net current assets                                                                       158,643,317                                 160,236,684

          Total assets less current liabilities                                                   294,398,360                                  264,134,974



          Non-current liabilities

            Long-term bonds                                                    53                  110,356,589                                  97,966,119

            Long-term bank loans                                               54                     804,903                                      722,816

            Non-current employee benefits payable                              47                    6,588,448                                   7,057,339

            Deferred tax liabilities                                           33                    2,203,855                                    2,619,161

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         51                    5,569,938                                  2,833,456

            Other payables and accruals                                        48                     1,025,918                                   900,299

          Total non-current liabilities                                                            126,549,651                                  112,099,190

          Net assets                                                                               167,848,709                                 152,035,784




          The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




266
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                               FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
                                                        AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                             Note                       2022                                        2021




                                                                                                                                                      About Us
Equity

 Share capital                                                55                    9,075,589                                  9,076,650

 Other equity instruments                                     55                    19,200,000                                 9,996,425

 Treasury shares                                              55                   (1,202,324)                                 (1,231,547)

 Reserves                                                     55                   100,090,636                                 95,021,503

 Retained profits                                             55                    37,923,300                                35,559,779

 Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                          165,087,201                                148,422,810

 Non-controlling interests                                                           2,761,508                                  3,612,974

Total equity                                                                       167,848,709                                152,035,784



                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection


The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2023.




Zhang Wei                                                                        Wang Bing

Chairman of the Board,Director                                                   Director




                                                                                                                                             267
268




                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                                                                                                           HUATAI SECURITIES
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
                                                                                                                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                   Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                   Reserves
                                                                                                                                           Cash flow                                                               Non-
                                            Share     Other equity    Treasury       Capital     Surplus       General        Fair value     hedges         Translation         Retained                     controlling
                                           capital    instruments       shares       reserve     reserve       reserve          reserve      reserve           reserve            profits          Total       interests   Total equity
                                         (Note 55)       (Note 55)   (Note 55)     (Note 55)    (Note 55)     (Note 55)       (Note 55)     (Note 38)         (Note 55)         (Note 55)



      As at 1 January 2022               9,076,650       9,996,425   (1,231,547)   70,562,359   6,569,922     18,106,044         223,143         (14,184)     (425,781)        35,559,779     148,422,810      3,612,974    152,035,784

      Changes in equity for 2022

      Profit for the year                        -               -            -            -            -             -                -               -              -         11,052,696     11,052,696        312,634      11,365,330

      Other comprehensive income /
       (expense) for the year                    -               -            -            -            -             -        (139,013)          56,827       1,091,814                -       1,009,628        186,321       1,195,949

      Total comprehensive income /
        (expense) for the year                   -               -            -            -            -             -        (139,013)          56,827       1,091,814        11,052,696     12,062,324       498,955       12,561,279

      Issue of perpetual bonds                   -       9,200,000            -       (2,627)           -             -                -               -              -                 -       9,197,373              -       9,197,373

      Acquisition of non-controlling
                                                 -               -            -     (182,476)           -             -                -               -              -                 -       (182,476)    (1,407,524)    (1,590,000)
       interests

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                 -               -       19,992      208,953            -             -                -               -              -                 -        228,945          37,706        266,651
        payments

      Appropriation to surplus reserve           -               -            -            -    1,220,987             -                -               -              -        (1,220,987)              -              -              -

      Appropriation to general reserve           -               -            -            -            -      2,918,394               -               -              -       (2,918,394)               -              -              -

      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                 -               -            -            -            -             -                -               -              -       (4,063,640)    (4,063,640)               -    (4,063,640)
        shareholders for the year

      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                 -               -            -            -            -             -                -               -              -         (485,730)      (485,730)               -      (485,730)
        subordinated bonds

      Other comprehensive income
       that has been reclassified to             -               -            -            -            -             -             424                -              -             (424)               -              -              -
       retained profits

      Others                                (1,061)          3,575         9,231    (104,150)           -             -                -               -              -                 -       (92,405)          19,397       (73,008)

      As at 31 December 2022             9,075,589      19,200,000   (1,202,324)   70,482,059   7,790,909     21,024,438         84,554           42,643        666,033        37,923,300     165,087,201      2,761,508    167,848,709




      The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
                                                                                                                                                                                   (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                          Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                           Reserves
                                                                                                                                                   Cash flow                                                               Non-
                                                          Other equity    Treasury           Capital     Surplus      General         Fair value     hedges         Translation         Retained                     controlling
                                          Share capital   instruments       shares           reserve     reserve      reserve           reserve      reserve           reserve            profits           Total      interests    Total equity
                                              (Note 55)      (Note 55)   (Note 55)         (Note 55)    (Note 55)     (Note 55)       (Note 55)     (Note 38)         (Note 55)         (Note 55)



      As at 1 January 2021                    9,076,650              -   (1,626,546)       70,750,052    5,711,067   15,792,946          605,917        (34,348)      (202,856)         28,998,618     129,071,500     3,240,535      132,312,035

      Changes in equity for 2021

      Profit for the year                             -              -             -               -            -             -                -               -              -         13,346,106      13,346,106       254,787      13,600,893

      Other comprehensive income /
       (expense) for the year                         -              -             -               -            -             -        (383,217)          20,164      (222,925)                 -       (585,978)        (40,106)      (626,084)

      Total comprehensive income /
        (expense) for the year                        -              -             -               -            -             -        (383,217)          20,164      (222,925)         13,346,106      12,760,128        214,681     12,974,809

      Issue of perpetual bonds                        -      9,996,425             -               -            -             -                -               -              -                 -       9,996,425              -       9,996,425

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                      -              -      443,963         (235,027)           -             -                -               -              -                 -        208,936          43,893        252,829
        payments

      Capital injection by non-
                                                      -              -             -           47,327           -             -                -               -              -                 -          47,327         113,865         161,192
       controlling shareholders

      Acquisition of treasury shares                  -              -     (48,964)                -            -             -                -               -              -                 -        (48,964)              -        (48,964)

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                -              -             -               -     858,855              -                -               -              -         (858,855)               -              -               -

      Appropriation to general reserve                -              -             -                -           -      2,313,098               -               -              -        (2,313,098)              -              -               -

      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                      -              -             -                -           -             -                -               -              -        (3,612,549)     (3,612,549)             -      (3,612,549)
        shareholders for the year

      Other comprehensive income
       that has been reclassified to                  -              -             -                -           -             -              443               -              -             (443)               -              -               -
       retained profits

      Others                                          -              -             -               7            -             -                -               -              -                 -               7              -               7

      As at 31 December 2021                  9,076,650      9,996,425    (1,231,547)      70,562,359   6,569,922     18,106,044         223,143         (14,184)      (425,781)       35,559,779      148,422,810      3,612,974    152,035,784




      The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




269
                                         Financial Report and                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Corporate Governance                                                                             About Us                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                     and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                Note               2022                                        2021



          Cash flows from operating activities:

            Profit before income tax                                                          12,228,038                                  16,272,562

            Adjustments for:

            Interest expenses                                                                   11,111,339                                10,990,375

            Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                  (1,219,046)                                (2,629,981)

            Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                             1,552,576                                   1,432,645
            Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of
                                                                                              (485,349)                                     548,188
              reversal
            Expenses recognised from equity-settled share-based payment                         249,094                                     243,690

            Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                           (2,161)                                     (296)

            Foreign exchange (gains) / losses                                                  (628,245)                                    282,024
            Dividend income and interest income from financial assets
             through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at                       (1,412,606)                                (1,883,646)
             amortised cost
            Net losses arising from derecognition of financial assets at fair
                                                                                                 197,789                                     100,557
             value through other comprehensive income
            Net gains arising from derecognition of debt instruments
                                                                                                    (92)                                   (46,269)
             at amortised cost
            Net gains arising from acquisition of investment in an associate                    (151,563)                                          -

            Net losses arising from disposal of investment in an associate                           528                                           -
            Unrealised fair value changes in financial instruments at fair
                                                                                               8,175,234                                  8,694,589
             value through profit or loss
            Unrealised fair value changes in derivatives                                     (1,820,649)                                 (10,147,672)

            Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                          27,794,887                                 23,856,766




          The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




270
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS(continued)
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                    Note               2022                                        2021



Cash flows from operating activities (continued):

 Increase in refundable deposits                                                (15,079,648)                                 (2,863,339)


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
 Decrease/ (increase) in margin accounts receivable                               16,681,508                                 (14,814,298)
 Decrease/ (increase) in accounts receivable, other receivables
                                                                                    1,713,525                                (2,284,276)
  and prepayments
 Increase in financial assets held under resale agreements                        (644,556)                                   (1,578,867)
 Decrease/ (increase) in financial instruments at fair value
                                                                                   13,843,160                               (59,417,653)
  through profit or loss
 (Increase)/ Decrease in restricted bank deposits                                  (410,003)                                   4,986,351

 Decrease/ (increase) in cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                  3,237,552                                (18,973,439)

 Increase in accounts payable to brokerage clients                                 5,049,890                                    11,114,199

 Increase in other payables and accruals                                            1,172,997                                    1,361,311



                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
 (Decrease)/increase in employee benefits payable                                  (922,312)                                   1,683,427
 Increase/(decrease) in financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                                  13,407,997                                 (9,189,967)




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
   agreements
 Increase in placements from other financial institutions                          11,847,252                                   9,201,319

 Cash from/(used in) operations                                                   77,692,249                                (56,918,466)

 Income taxes paid                                                               (1,906,305)                                 (2,894,184)

 Interest paid                                                                   (5,495,377)                                 (5,524,444)

 Net cash generated from / (used in) operating activities                         70,290,567                                (65,337,094)




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                             271
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS(continued)
                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                               Note               2022                                        2021



          Cash flows from investing activities

            Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                       23,563                                       5,914

            Dividends received from associates                                                 1,513,199                                   1,124,363
            Dividend income and interest income from financial assets
              through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at                      1,269,369                                   1,883,646
              amortised cost
            Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
                                                                                              7,539,834                                   8,624,877
              other comprehensive income
            Proceeds from disposal of debt instruments at amortised cost                     18,766,877                                 25,958,988
            Purchase of property and equipment, investment properties,
                                                                                             (1,431,835)                                 (2,953,175)
              other intangible assets and other non-current assets
            Payment made on acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash
                                                                                              (288,673)                                  (803,430)
              acquired
            Acquisition of interests in associates                                            (405,728)                                   (412,745)

            Divestments of associates and joint ventures                                        164,431                                    1,195,428

            Purchase of debt instruments at amortised cost                                 (34,728,283)                                (27,909,822)
            Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                                           (9,137,754)                                (6,976,086)

            Net cash used in from investing activities                                      (16,715,000)                                 (262,042)




          The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




272
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS(continued)
                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                               Note                      2022                                        2021



Cash flows from financing activities:

 Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt instruments                               50,182,816                                129,076,996


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term bonds                                          40,125,807                                  56,580,701

 Proceeds from issuance of perpetual bonds                                            9,197,373                                 9,996,425

 Proceeds from bank loans                                                            8,753,624                                    247,402

 Repayment of bank loans                                                           (9,210,440)                                 (2,795,165)

 Repayment of debt securities issued                                               (113,178,717)                             (140,777,597)

 Short-term bank loans interest paid                                                  (113,531)                                  (126,999)

 Long-term bank loans interest paid                                                   (39,067)                                    (22,956)

 Short-term debt instruments interest paid                                           (914,870)                                   (827,947)




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
 Long-term bonds interest paid                                                      (4,877,102)                                (3,435,757)

 Dividends paid                                                                    (4,455,564)                                 (3,612,549)

 Payment of lease liabilities                                                        (568,238)                                   (462,158)




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
 Payment on repurchase and cancellation of shares                                      (9,230)                                          -

 Payment of acquisition of treasury shares                                                    -                                  (48,964)

 Acquisition of partial interest of a subsidiary                                   (1,590,000)                                          -
  Cash received from Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
   Shares                                                                                     -                                    413,941

  Net cash (used in) /generated from financing activities      42(b)              (26,697,139)                                 44,205,373

  Net increase / (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                            26,878,428                                (21,393,763)

  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                            45,901,362                                  67,646,413




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                            2,769,270                                   (351,288)

  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year             42(a)               75,549,060                                   45,901,362




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 274 to 408 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                             273
 HUATAI SECURITIES




             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022
                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



          1 General information

          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the "Company"), formerly known as Jiangsu Securities Company, was approved by the People's
          Bank of China ("PBOC"), and registered with the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Jiangsu Province on 9 April
          1991, with a registered capital of RMB10 million. The Company was renamed as Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company
          on 21 December 1999 and then renamed as Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 7 December 2007 as a result of the conversion into
          a joint stock limited liability company.

          The Company publicly issued RMB784,561,275 ordinary shares (the "A shares") in February 2010, and was listed on the
          Shanghai Stock Exchange on 26 February 2010.

          In June 2015, the Company issued RMB1,562,768,800 H shares, which were listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of
          Hong Kong Limited (the "Hong Kong Stock Exchange").

          In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated ordinary shares (A
          Shares) by way of "Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors".

          In June 2019, the Company issued 82,515,000 Global Deposits Receipts (the "GDRs"), representing 825,150,000 new A shares,
          and was listed on the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London Stock Exchange").

          In September 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares. As at 31
          December 2022, the Company's registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027 and the Company has a total of 9,075,589,027
          issued shares of RMB1 each.

          As at 31 December 2022, the Company has 28 branches and 243 securities business offices. Please refer to Note 24 for
          details of subsidiaries of the Company.

          The Company and its subsidiaries (the "Group") are principally engaged in securities brokerage, securities proprietary
          trading, securities underwriting and sponsorship, securities investment advisory, asset management, margin financing and
          securities lending, agency sale of financial products, intermediary introduction business for the futures companies, agency
          sale and custody of securities investment fund, mutual fund management, brokerage of spot contracts for precious metal
          such as gold, proprietary trading of spot contract for gold, direct investment business, alternative investment business,
          stock option market making, futures brokerage business and other business activities as approved by the China Securities
          Regulatory Commission("the CSRC").



          2 Significant accounting policies

          (1) Statement of compliance

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
          ("IFRSs") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). In addition, the consolidated financial statements
          include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
          Limited ("Listing Rules") and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. A summary of the significant accounting policies
          adopted by the Group are set out below.


          (2) Application of amendments to IFRSs

          Amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

          In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRSs issued by IASB for the first time, which are
          mandatorily effective for the Group's annual period beginning on 1 January 2022 for the preparation of the consolidated
          financial statements:




274
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Amendments to IFRS 3              Reference to the Conceptual Framework

Amendments to IAS 16              Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use

Amendments to IAS 37              Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

Amendments to IFRSs               Annual Improvements to IFRSs 2018-2020

The application of the amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the Group's financial
positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial
statements.



                                                                                                                                              About Us
New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are not yet
effective:

IFRS 17                                     Insurance Contracts1

Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor

                                             and its Associate or Joint Venture2



                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
Amendments to IFRS 16                        Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback3

Amendments to IAS 1                          Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current3


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Amendments to IAS 1                          Non-current Liabilities with Covenants3

Amendments to IAS 1 and                      Disclosure of Accounting Policies1

    IFRS Practice Statement 2

Amendments to IAS 8                          Definition of Accounting Estimates1

Amendments to IAS 12                         Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a SingleTransaction1




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
1
    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

2
    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

3
    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.

The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the above new and amendments to IFRSs will have no
material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.


(3) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except that the following assets and




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
liabilities are measured at their fair value: financial derivatives, non-derivative financial assets and liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The methods used to measure fair
value are discussed further in Note 2(8).




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi ("RMB"), which is the functional currency of the Company.
All financial information presented in RMB has been rounded to the nearest thousand, except when otherwise indicated. The
Group translates the consolidated financial statements of subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies into the
Group's functional currency if the subsidiaries' functional currencies are not the same as that of the Group.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgments,
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.




                                                                                                                                     275
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Judgments made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated financial
          statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2(29).


          (4) Basis of consolidation

          (i) Business combinations

          The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and
          assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group (see Note 2(4)(ii)). In determining whether
          a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired
          includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.

          The Group has an option to apply a 'concentration test' that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of
          activities and assets is not a business. The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
          assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.

          (ii) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable
          returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When
          assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

          An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
          commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
          gains arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
          Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
          the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

          Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
          respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
          the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meet the definition of a financial
          liability.

          Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
          equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented
          on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
          comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the reporting period
          between non-controlling interests and the shareholders of the Company.

          Changes in the Group's interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
          transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
          consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss
          is recognised.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with
          a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when
          control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
          asset (see Note 2(8)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture
          (see Note 2(4)(iii)).

          In the Company's statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see
          Note 2(15)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for
          sale).

          (iii) Associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
          management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

          A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or Company and other parties contractually agree to share control of
          the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.




276
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) or applied
the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and measured the investment at fair value
through profit or loss. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the
Group's share of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee's identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group's share of the investee's net assets
and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 2(15)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group's
share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised
in profit or loss, whereas the Group's share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees' other comprehensive
income is recognised in other comprehensive income.

When the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group's interest is reduced to                About Us
nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group's interest is the carrying amount of
the investment under the equity method together with the Group's long-term interests that in substance form part of the
Group's net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are
eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not remeasured.



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position.

In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note
2(8)).

In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint venture of the Company are
accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
classified as held for sale) or applied the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and
measured the investment at fair value through profit or loss.


(5) Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of:




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
(i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
acquiree and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

(ii) the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to
each cash-generating unit ("CGU"), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination
and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(15)).

On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the
profit or loss on disposal.


(6) Foreign currency

When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to RMB at the spot exchange




                                                                                                                                      277
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial recognition, translated to RMB at the spot
          exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.

          A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the PBOC, the State Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate
          determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under
          a systematic and rational method, normally the average exchange rate of the current period.

          Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of the
          reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for exchange differences
          on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely
          to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other
          comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group's interests
          in associates/joint ventures.

          Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to RMB using
          the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are
          measured at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rate at the date the fair value is determined; the resulting
          exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for the differences arising from the translation of equity
          securities investment designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) (except on impairment,
          in which case foreign currency differences that have been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
          profit or loss), which are recognised as OCI in reserve.

          The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of reporting
          period. The equity items, excluding "retained profits", are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction
          dates. The income and expenses of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
          approximate the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other
          comprehensive income, and presented in the foreign currency translation reserve (translation reserve) in equity. Upon
          disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognised in shareholders' equity
          which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the period in which the disposal occurs.


          (7) Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, short term deposits, and short-term, highly liquid
          investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of change in
          value.


          (8) Financial instruments

          (i) Recognition and initial measurement

          Financial instruments are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the investment.
          Financial instruments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those
          investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in
          profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 2(8)(iv). Financial
          instruments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

          (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

          On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI; or FVTPL.

          Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for
          managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting
          period following the change in the business model.

          A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at
          FVTPL:




278
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
- it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

- its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding.

A debt instruments is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

- it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
financial assets; and

- its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
principal amount outstanding.

On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present                      About Us
subsequent changes in the investment's fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.

All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL.
This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset
that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or
significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Financial assets - Business model assessment

The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management.

Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for
this purpose, consistent with the Group's continuing recognition of the assets.

Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are
measured at FVTPL.

Financial assets - Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
For the purposes of this assessment, 'principal' is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition.
'Interest' is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal
amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and
administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the
contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that
could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this
assessment, the Group considers:

- contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
- terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features;

- prepayment and extension features; and




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
- terms that limit the Group's claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).

A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount
substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include
reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at
a discount or premium to its contractual paramount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that
substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also
include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value
of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                    279
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Financial assets - Subsequent measurement and gains and losses



          Financial assets at FVTPL                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or
                                                       dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

          Financial assets at amortised cost           These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The
                                                       amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses
                                                       and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit
                                                       or loss.

          Debt instruments at FVOCI                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the effective
                                                       interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss.
                                                       Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in
                                                       OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

          Equity investments at FVOCI                  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or
                                                       loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                                       gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.




          Financial liabilities - Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses

          Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is
          classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL
          are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. The fair
          value change of a financial liability designated at FVTPL that is attributable to changes of that financial liability's credit risk
          is to be recognised in OCI (without reclassification to profit or loss). Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
          amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised
          in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.

          (iii) Impairment

          The Group recognises loss allowances for Expected Credit Losses (ECLs) on:

          - financial assets measured at amortised cost;

          - debt instruments measured at FVOCI;

          - financial guarantee contracts;

          - contract assets;and

          - lease receivables.

          Debt instruments at fair value, FVTPL and equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL
          assessment.

          Measurement of ECLs

          ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash
          shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows
          that the Group expects to receive).

          The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is
          exposed to credit risk.

          In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue
          cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

          ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

          - 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the
          reporting date; and

          - lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the
          items to which the ECL model applies.

          Loss allowances for accounts receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.




280
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience,
adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic
conditions at the reporting date.

For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been
a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is
measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which are measured at
12-month ECLs:



                                                                                                                                               About Us
- debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

- other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the
financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

Significant increases in credit risk

When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group's historical



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.

In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
since initial recognition:

- failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument's external or internal credit rating (if available);

- an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

- existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse
effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly since
initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument
is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its
contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.

Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed
on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial
instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

Definition of default




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally
or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without
taking into account any collateral held by the Group).




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Credit-impaired financial assets

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI
are credit-impaired. A financial asset is 'credit-impaired' when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

- significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;

- a breach of contract such as a default;

- the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;




                                                                                                                                      281
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          - it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisations; or

          - the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

          - the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

          Presentation of allowance for ECL in the consolidated statement of financial position

          Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the
          assets.

          For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is recognised in OCI.

          Write-off

          The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written-off when the Group has no reasonable expectations of recovering
          a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no significant recovery from the amount written-
          off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the
          Group's procedures for recovery of amounts due.

          Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written-off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or
          loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

          (iv) Fair value measurement

          If there is an active market for a financial asset or financial liability, the quoted market price without adjusting for
          transaction costs that may be incurred upon future disposal or settlement is used to establish the fair value of the financial
          asset or financial liability. Quoted prices from an active market are prices that are readily and regularly available from an
          exchange, dealer, broker, industry group or pricing service agency, and represent actual and regularly occurring market
          transactions on an arm's length basis.

          If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair value. Valuation
          techniques include using recent arm's length market transactions between knowledgeable, willing parties, reference
          to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
          pricing models. Where discounted cash flow technique is used, future cash flows are estimated based on management's
          best estimates and the discount rate used is the prevailing market rate applicable for instrument with similar terms and
          conditions at the end of the reporting period. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on market data at the
          end of the reporting period.

          In estimating the fair value of a financial asset and financial liability, the Group considers all factors including, but not
          limited to, risk-free interest rate, credit risk, foreign exchange rate and market volatility, that are likely to affect the fair value
          of the financial asset and financial liability.

          The Group obtains market data from the same market where the financial instrument was originated or purchased.

          (v) Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities

          Financial assets (or a part of a financial asset or group of financial assets) are derecognised when the financial assets
          meet one of the following conditions:

          - the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or

          - the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets or where substantially all
          the risks and rewards of ownership of a financial asset are neither retained nor transferred, the control over that asset is
          relinquished.

          If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but
          retains control, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and relevant liability to the extent of its continuing
          involvement in the financial asset.

          The financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised only when the underlying present obligation (or part of it) specified in
          the contracts is discharged, cancelled or expired. An agreement between the Group and an existing lender to replace the
          original financial liability with a new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the




282
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
terms of an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and recognition
of a new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of the derecognised financial liability and the
consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

(vi) Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial
position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the transactions are
intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realising the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.

(vii) Equity instruments


                                                                                                                                              About Us
An equity instrument is a contract that proves the ownership interest of the residual assets after deducting all liabilities of
the Group. Considerations received from issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs are recognised in equity.
Considerations and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing its own equity instruments are deducted from
equity.

(viii) Perpetual bonds

At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds issued as financial liabilities or equity instruments based
on their contractual terms and their economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity



                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
instruments.

Perpetual bonds issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on the actual



                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
amount received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the instruments' duration is treated as profit appropriation.
When the perpetual bonds are redeemed according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to equity.

(ix) Derivative financial instruments

Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value is
remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss, except where
the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or hedges of net investment in a foreign operation, in which case
recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being hedged.




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
(x) Hedge accounting

At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group formally designates the hedge instruments and the hedged items,
and documents the hedging relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identiﬁcation of the hedging instrument,
the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument's
effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item's fair value or cash ﬂows attributable to the hedged
risk. Such hedges are expected to meet the hedge effectiveness in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash ﬂows
and are assessed on an ongoing basis to analyse the sources of hedge ineffectiveness which are expected to affect
the hedging relationship in remaining hedging period. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness
requirement relating to the hedge ratio, but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
remains the same, the Group would rebalance the hedging relationship.

The Group designates such hedged items as debt securities issued with floating interest that expose the Group to the risk of




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
variability of its cash flows.

Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group's risk management positions,
do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held for trading with fair value gains or losses
recognised in proﬁt or loss. Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for in accordance
with the Group's accounting policy as set out below.

Fair value hedges

Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or
an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment, or an identiﬁed portion of such an asset, liability or unrecognised ﬁrm commitment,
that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income. Among them,
the circumstances affecting other comprehensive income are limited to the hedging for the risk exposure from fair value




                                                                                                                                     283
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          change of non-trading equity investment designated as at FVOCI. For fair value hedges, the carrying amount of the hedged
          item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable to the risk being hedged, the derivative is remeasured at fair value and
          the gains and losses from both are taken to proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income.

          For hedged items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged item and the face
          value is amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective interest rate method.

          When an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in the fair
          value of the ﬁrm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain
          or loss recognised in proﬁt or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognised in proﬁt or
          loss.

          The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting when the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria
          after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has
          been sold, terminated or exercised. If the hedged items are derecognised, the unamortised fair value is recorded in proﬁt or
          loss.

          Cash ﬂow hedges

          Cash ﬂow hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to variability in cash ﬂows that is attributable to a particular risk
          associated with a recognised asset or liability, a highly probable forecast transaction or a component of any such item,
          and could affect proﬁt or loss. For designated and qualifying cash ﬂow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on
          the hedging instrument is initially recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the gain or
          loss on the hedging instrument is recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss.

          When the hedged cash ﬂow affects proﬁt or loss, the gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised directly in other
          comprehensive income is recycled in the corresponding income or expense line of the statement of proﬁt or loss. When
          the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging
          relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has been sold, terminated or exercised, any cumulative gain
          or loss existing in other comprehensive income at that time remains in other comprehensive income until the hedged
          forecast transaction ultimately occurs. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or
          loss that was reported in other comprehensive income is immediately transferred to proﬁt or loss.

          Net investment hedges

          Net investment hedge is a hedge of the currency risk of a net investment in a foreign institution operation.

          Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash ﬂow hedges. Any gain or loss on the
          hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised directly in other comprehensive income; the
          gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised in proﬁt or loss immediately. Gains and losses accumulated in
          other comprehensive income are included in proﬁt or loss when the foreign operation is disposed of as part of the gain or
          loss on the disposal.


          (9) Margin financing and securities lending

          Margin financing and securities lending refer to the lending of funds by the Group to customers for purchase of securities,
          or lending of securities by the Group to customers for securities selling, for which the customers provide the Group with
          collateral.

          The classification, subsequent measurement and impairment of margin financing receivables is based on policies in Note
          2(8). Securities lent are not derecognised when the risk and rewards are not transferred, and interest income from margin
          financing receivables and securities lent is recognised accordingly.

          The collateral is not recognised on the statement of financial position, the transfer of the collateral from counterparties is
          only reflected on the statement of financial position if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred.

          Securities trading on behalf of margin financing or securities lending customers are accounted for as securities brokerage
          business.




284
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(10) Financial assets held under resale and sold under repurchase agreements

Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions where the Group acquires financial assets which will
be resold at a predetermined price at a future date under resale agreements. Financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements are transactions where the Group sells financial assets which will be repurchased at a predetermined price at
a future date under repurchase agreements.

The cash advanced or received is recognised as amounts held under resale or sold under repurchase agreements in the
consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in memorandum accounts
as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the consolidated
statement of financial position.

The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale and repurchase consideration,                          About Us
is amortised over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest
income and interest expenses, respectively.


(11) Investments in subsidiaries

In the Group's consolidated financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance with the
principles described in Note 2(4).



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost method. The
investment is stated at cost less impairment loss (Note 2(15)) in the statements of financial position. Except for declared


                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
but not yet distributed cash dividends or profits distribution that have been included in the price or consideration paid
in obtaining the investments, the Group recognises its share of the cash dividends or profit distribution declared by the
investees as investment income.


(12) Property and equipment and construction in progress

(i) Recognition and measurement




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Items of property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
losses (see Note 2(15)). Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-
constructed assets includes the following:

- the cost of materials and direct labour;

- any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use;

- when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling and
removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and

- capitalised borrowing costs.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.
When parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items
(major components) of property and equipment.




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property and equipment (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds
from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in profit or loss.

Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditures incurred which include all necessary
expenditures incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation and other costs incurred to
bring the asset to its intended use.

Items classified as construction in progress are transferred to property and equipment when such assets are ready for their
intended use.

(ii) Subsequent costs




                                                                                                                                      285
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the
          expenditure will flow to the Group. Ongoing repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

          (iii) Depreciation

          Items of property and equipment are depreciated from the date they are available for use or, in respect of self-constructed
          assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.

          Depreciation is calculated to write-off the cost of items of property and equipment less their estimated residual values
          using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

          Depreciation is generally recognised in profit or loss, unless the amount is included in the carrying amount of another asset.
          Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that
          the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

          The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years of significant items of property and equipment are as
          follows:


                                                                 Estimated                       Estimated                    Depreciation
          Types of assets                                       useful lives                residual values                          rates



          Buildings                                             30 - 35 years                            3%                     2.77% - 3.23%

          Motor vehicles                                          5 - 8 years                            3%                    12.13% - 19.40%

          Electronic equipment                                       5 years                             3%                            19.40%

          Furniture and fixtures                                     5 years                             3%                            19.40%




          No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress. Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values
          are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.


          (13) Investment property

          Investment property is property held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in
          the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

          Investment property is accounted for using the cost model and stated in the financial statements at cost less accumulated
          depreciation, and impairment losses (see Note 2(15)). The cost of investment property, less its estimated residual value and
          accumulated impairment losses, is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, unless the
          investment property is classified as held for sale.


                                                                 Estimated                       Estimated                    Depreciation
                                                                useful lives                residual values                          rates



          Investment property                                   30 - 35 years                            3%                     2.77% - 3.23%




          Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment property. The cost of self-
          constructed investment property includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to
          bringing the investment property to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs.


          (14) Land-use rights and other intangible assets

          Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and
          impairment loss (see Note 2(15)). For an intangible asset with finite useful life, its cost less impairment loss is amortised on
          the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.

          The respective amortisation periods for intangible assets are as follows:




286
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Types of assets                                                                                              Estimated useful lives



Existing relationships with broker-dealers                                                                                Indefinite

Enterprise distribution channel customer relationships                                                                    Indefinite

Trading seat fee                                                                                                          Indefinite

Land-use rights                                                                                                       40 - 50 years

Trade names                                                                                                             11 - 20 years

Software and others                                                                                                     2 - 14 years




                                                                                                                                                 About Us
An intangible asset is regarded as having an indefinite useful life and is not amortised when there is no foreseeable limit to
the period over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.


(15) Impairment of non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
indication of impairment:

- property and equipment



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
- construction in progress




                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
- investment property

- right‑of‑use asset

- land-use rights and other intangible assets

- equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

- goodwill




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
- leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses

If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets are tested annually for impairment. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU
exceeds its recoverable amount.

The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing
value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For impairment
testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that
are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs. Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, CGUs to
which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is
allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first
to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying
amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed only to the
extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.


(16) Contract assets and contract liabilities

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy
set out in Note 2(8)(iii) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.




                                                                                                                                        287
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue.
          A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the
          Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

          For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
          contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.

          When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under the
          effective interest method.


          (17) Employee benefits

          (i) Short-term employee benefits

          Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
          is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing
          plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by
          the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

          (ii) Defined contribution plans

          A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
          separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined
          contribution plans are recognised as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related
          services are rendered by employees.

          (iii) Other long-term employee benefits

          The Group's net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the amount of future
          benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted
          to determine its present value, and the fair value of any related assets is deducted. The discount rate is the yield at the
          reporting date on corporate bonds, which have a credit rating of at least AA from rating agency, that have maturity dates
          approximating the terms of the Group's obligations and that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits are
          expected to be paid. The calculation is performed using the projected unit credit method. Any actuarial gains and losses
          are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

          (iv) Termination benefits

          Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic possibility
          of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date, or to provide
          termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary
          redundancies are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is probable that
          the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable more than 12
          months after the reporting date, then they are discounted to their present value.


          (18) Share-based payments

          (i) Accounting treatment of cash-settled share-based payments

          Where the Group receives services from employees by incurring a liability to deliver cash or other assets for amounts that
          are determined based on the price of shares or other equity instruments, the service received from employees is measured
          at the fair value of the liability incurred. If a cash-settled share-based payment do not vest until the completion of services
          for a period, or until the achievement of a specified performance condition, the Group recognises costs or expenses as
          services are received, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on
          the best estimate of the outcome of vesting. Until the liability is settled, the Group will remeasure the fair value of the liability
          at each balance sheet date and at the date of settlement, with changes recognised in profit or loss for the current period.

          When the Group receives services and has the obligation to settle the transaction, but the relevant equity instruments
          are issued by the Company's ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group classifies the transaction as




288
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
cash-settled.

(ii) Accounting treatment of equity-settled share-based payments

Where the Group uses shares or other equity instruments as consideration for services received from the employees, the
payment is measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted to the employees at the grant date. If the equity
instruments granted do not vest until the completion of services for a period, or until the achievement of a specified
performance condition, the Group recognises an amount at each balance sheet date during the vesting period based
on the best estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest according to the newly obtained subsequent
information of the changes of the number of the employees expected to vest the equity instruments. The Group measures
the services received at the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments and recognises the costs or expenses as the

                                                                                                                                            About Us
services are received, with a corresponding increase in capital reserve.

When the Group receives services, but the Group has no obligation to settle the transaction because the relevant equity
instruments are issued by the Company's ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group also classifies the
transaction as equity-settled.


(19) Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss except



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

(i) Current tax



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax
payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends.

(ii) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Deferred tax is not recognised for:

- temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination
and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;

- temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities to the extent that
the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not
reverse in the foreseeable future; and

- taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects,




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. For investment
property that is measured at fair value, the presumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be
recovered through sale has not been rebutted.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and
assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities,
but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised
simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognised for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
be realised.




                                                                                                                                   289
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (iii) Tax exposures

          In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax positions
          and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may
          involve a series of judgements about future events. New information may become available that causes the Group to
          change its judgement regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax
          expense in the period that such a determination is made.


          (20) Leases

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease
          if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
          To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group uses the definition of a
          lease in IFRS 16.

          (i) As a lessee

          At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
          consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand‑alone prices. However, for the
          leases of property the Group has elected not to separate non‑lease components and account for the lease and non‑lease
          components as a single lease component.

          The Group recognises a right‑of‑use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right‑of‑use asset is
          initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at
          or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
          the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

          The right‑of‑use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‑line method from the commencement date to
          the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the
          lease term or the cost of the right‑of‑use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that case the
          right‑of‑use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis
          as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right‑of‑use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any,
          and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
          date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group's
          incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

          The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources
          and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.

          Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

          - fixed payments, including in‑substance fixed payments;

          - variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
          commencement date;

          - amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and

          - the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in
          an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early
          termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

          The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a
          change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group's estimate of
          the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
          will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised in‑substance fixed lease payment.

          When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
          right‑of‑use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right‑of‑use asset has been reduced to zero.




290
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
The Group presents right‑of‑use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in 'property and equipment'
and lease liabilities in 'other payables and accruals' in the statement of financial position.


Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group has elected not to recognise right‑of‑use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low‑value assets and
short‑term leases, including IT equipment. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an
expense on a straight‑line basis over the lease term.

(ii) As a lessor

At inception or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the
contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.
                                                                                                                                             About Us
When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
lease.

To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks
and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then
it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for
the major part of the economic life of the asset.



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It
assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
with reference to the underlying asset.

If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-
lease as an operating lease.

If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, then the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration
in the contract.

The Group applies the derecognition and impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the net investment in the lease (see Note




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
2(15)). The Group further regularly reviews estimated unguaranteed residual values used in calculating the gross investment
in the lease.

The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
term as part of 'other income and gains'.


(21) Provisions and contingent liabilities

A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of
the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably,
the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are
also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


(22) Fiduciary activities

The Group acts in a fiduciary activity as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the Group and
the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are recorded as off-balance sheet items as the risks and
rewards of the assets reside with customers.


(23) Revenue recognition

Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer at the amount of promised consideration
to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue




                                                                                                                                    291
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

          Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be
          entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to a customer and includes in the transaction price some or all
          of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a
          significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.

          Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for
          more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
          rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued
          separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a
          significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted
          on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient of IFRS
          15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12
          months or less.

          Further details of the Group's revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i) Commission income from brokerage business

          Brokerage commission income is recognised on a trade date basis when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling
          and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognised when the related services are rendered.

          (ii) Underwriting and sponsor fees

          Underwriting fee is recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the underwriting contract.

          Depending on contract terms, sponsor fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group's
          performance, or at a point in time when the service is completed.

          (iii) Advisory fees

          Depending on the nature of the advisory services and the contract terms, advisory fees are recognised progressively over
          time using a method that depicts the Group's performance, or at a point in time when the advisory service is completed.

          (iv) Asset management fees

          Asset management fees include periodic management fees calculated based on assets under management and
          performance-based fees. The fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group's
          performance, to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
          recognised will not occur.

          (v) Other income

          Other income is recognised on an accrual basis.


          (24) Expenses recognition

          (i) Commission expenses

          Commission expenses relate mainly to transactions, which are recognised as expenses when the services are received.

          (ii) Interest expenses

          Interest expenses are recognised based on the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

          (iii) Other expenses

          Other expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.


          (25) Dividend distribution

          Dividends or profit distributions proposed in the profit appropriation plan, which will be authorised and declared after the
          end of the reporting period, are not recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period but disclosed in the notes to




292
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
the financial statements separately.


(26) Government grants

Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises
as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose
primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as
deferred revenue in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and


                                                                                                                                           About Us
rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss
in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under "other income and gains".


(27) Related parties

(i) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:



                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(1) has control or joint control over the Group;

(2) has significant influence over the Group; or


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
(3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.

(ii) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

(1) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
subsidiary is related to the others).

(2) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
which the other entity is a member).

(3) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

(4) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

(5) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the
Group.

(6) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

(7) A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of
the entity (or of a parent of the entity).




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
(8) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or
to the Group's parent.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


(28) Segment reporting

Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the structure of the
Group's internal organisation, management requirements and internal reporting system. An operating segment is a
component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose
financial performance are regularly reviewed by the Group's management to make decisions about resource to be
allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which financial information regarding financial position,
financial performance and cash flows is available.

Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments have same or




                                                                                                                                  293
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and service, the nature of
          production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services, the methods used to distribute the
          products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment.

          Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment reporting,
          and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements.


          (29) Significant accounting estimates and judgements

          The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect
          the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results
          may differ from these judgments and estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
          Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods
          affected.

          (i) Fair value of financial instruments

          If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group determines the fair value by using valuation technique.
          Valuation technique makes maximum use of observable market input. However, where observable market inputs are not
          available, management makes estimates on such unobservable market inputs.

          (ii) Measurement of ECL

          The following significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring the ECL.

          Significant increase of credit risk

          As explained in Note 2(8)(iii), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for Stage 1 assets, or lifetime ECL
          assets for Stage 2 or Stage 3 assets. An asset moves to Stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial
          recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased, the Group takes into account
          qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information.

          Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics

          When ECLs are measured on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk
          characteristics. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess
          whether they continue to be similar. This is required in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is
          appropriate re-segmentation of the assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing
          portfolio that better reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to
          lifetime ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue to be
          measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the credit risk of the
          portfolios differ.

          Models and assumptions used

          The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most
          appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models, including
          assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk.

          Forward-looking information

          When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based on
          assumptions for the future movements of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

          Probability of default (PD)

          PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the
          calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.

          Loss given default (LGD)

          LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
          and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit




294
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
enhancements.

Loss rate (LR)

LR represents the Group's expectation of the likelihood and extent of loss on exposure based on the relevant loan
to collateral ratio. The Group uses historical loss rates based on publicly available information and assesses their
appropriateness.

(iii) Impairment of non-financial assets

At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amount of non-financial assets are reviewed to determine whether there
is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is


                                                                                                                                             About Us
provided. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment.

Since the market price of an asset (the asset group) cannot be obtained reliably, the fair value of the asset cannot be
estimated reliably. In assessing the present value of future cash flows, significant judgements are exercised over the future
cash flows and discounting rates, based on all relevant materials which can be obtained together with reasonable and
supportable assumptions.

(iv) Income taxes

Determining income tax provisions requires the Group to estimate the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The


                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Group evaluates tax implications of transactions in accordance with prevailing tax regulations and makes tax provisions
accordingly. In addition, deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised. This requires significant judgement on the tax
treatments of certain transactions and also significant assessment on the probability that adequate future taxable profits
will be available for the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

(v) Determination scope of consolidation

All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, controls the investee.
The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from
involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of investors' returns.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

The Group held interests as investor and/or acted as investment manager in various structured entities including asset
management schemes, investment funds and partnerships. The Group considered its power, arising from the rights entitled
directly or indirectly, over the structured entities, and assessed whether the combination of investments it held together
with its remuneration created exposure to variability of returns from the structured entities that are of such significance that
it indicated the Group controlled the structured entities and should consolidated these structured entities.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    295
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3 Taxation

          The Group's main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:



          Tax type                                                                   Tax basis                                          Tax rate



          Value-added tax (VAT)                     Output VAT is calculated on product sales and taxable services revenue.             3% - 13%
                                                    The basis for VAT payable is to deduct input VAT from the output VAT for the
                                                    period.
          City maintenance and construction tax     Based on VAT payable                                                                 1% - 7%

          Education surcharge                       Based on VAT payable                                                                 2% - 3%

          Local Education surcharge                 Based on VAT payable                                                                 1% - 2%

          Income tax                                Based on taxable profits                                                               25%(i)




          (i) The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in the Mainland China is 25% (2021: 25%). The income
          tax rate applicable to subsidiaries in Hong Kong is 16.5% (2021: 16.5%). The federal income tax of subsidiaries in the United
          States were provided at the rate of 21% (2021: 21%). Taxes of other overseas subsidiaries are charged at the relevant local
          rates.



          4 Fee and commission income


                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                   2022                     2021



          Income from securities brokerage and advisory business                                               9,295,319               10,783,673

          Income from asset management business                                                                5,816,638                5,092,913

          Income from underwriting and sponsorship business                                                    3,712,850               4,053,693

          Income from futures brokerage business                                                                1,471,261                1,710,672

          Income from financial advisory business                                                               446,249                  504,953

          Other commission income                                                                               239,108                   179,439

          Total                                                                                              20,981,425                22,325,343




296
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
5 Interest income


                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                 2022                                2021



Interest income from margin financing and securities lending                 7,829,590                          9,079,183

Interest income from financial institutions                                  3,954,182                          3,874,504

Interest income from debt instruments at amortised cost                       1,144,983                           966,185

Interest income from securities-backed lendings                                279,512                            330,323
Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other


                                                                                                                                        About Us
                                                                               267,623                            298,591
  comprehensive income
Interest income from other financial assets held under resale
                                                                               239,943                            186,004
  agreements
Others                                                                          28,284                              6,269

Total                                                                        13,744,117                         14,741,059




6 Net investment gains



                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                 2022                                2021




                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Dividend income and interest income from financial
                                                                            8,586,040                           9,332,733
  instruments at fair value through profit or loss
Net realised losses from disposal of an associate                                (528)                                    -
Dividend income from equity instruments at fair value through
                                                                                     -                            618,870
  other comprehensive income
Net realised gains/(losses) from disposal of derivative financial
                                                                             14,012,826                       (17,553,798)
instruments
Net realised (losses)/gains from disposal of financial
                                                                           (13,160,288)                         18,618,785
 instruments at fair value through profit or loss




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Net realised losses from disposal of debt instruments at fair value
                                                                             (197,789)                          (100,557)
through other comprehensive income
Net gains arising from derecognition of debt instruments at
                                                                                    92                             46,269
 amortised cost(i)
Unrealised fair value changes of derivative financial instruments            4,961,468                          9,003,658
Unrealised fair value changes of financial instruments at
 fair value through profit or loss                                         (8,175,234)                        (8,694,589)

Total                                                                        6,026,587                            11,271,371




(i) For the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group sold certain investment securities measured at
amortised cost. These sales were made because the financial assets no longer met the Group's investment policy due to a
deterioration in their credit risk.



                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                               297
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          7 Other income and gains


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                                               2022                              2021



          Income from commodity sales                                                      3,236,896                         3,415,908

          Government grants(i)                                                               287,518                          270,709

          Rental income                                                                      47,964                             44,481

          Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                           1,109                             296

          Gain on acquiring interest in an associate(ii)                                     151,563                                 -

          Foreign exchange gain/(losses)                                                   2,199,198                        (282,024)

          Others                                                                             147,995                           139,261

          Total                                                                            6,072,243                         3,588,631




          (i) The government grants were received unconditionally by the Company and its subsidiaries from the local government
          where they reside.

          (ii) During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company purchased 36,000,010 A shares of Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ("Bank
          of Jiangsu") through the stock market, recognized a discounted income amounting to RMB151.56 million.



          8 Fee and commission expenses


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                                               2022                              2021



          Expenses for securities brokerage and advisory business                          2,669,423                         3,401,888

          Expenses for futures brokerage business                                           845,194                           1,051,770

          Expenses for asset management business                                           1,093,726                           983,217

          Expenses for underwriting and sponsorship business                                 132,448                           213,002

          Expenses for financial advisory business                                              2,321                            1,484

          Other commission expenses                                                            2,727                             1,348

          Total                                                                           4,745,839                          5,652,709




          9 Interest expenses


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                                               2022                              2021



          Interest expenses on long-term bonds                                            4,454,208                         4,450,296
          Interest expenses on financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                                           2,822,526                         2,922,914
            agreements
          Interest expenses on placements from banks and other financial
                                                                                           1,904,572                         1,788,534
            institutions
          Interest expenses on short-term debt instruments issued                           899,652                            865,817

          Interest expenses of accounts payable to brokerage clients                        602,090                           664,432

          Interest expenses on short-term bank loans                                         157,578                           114,595

          Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                              53,716                           48,242

          Interest expenses on long-term bank loans                                          39,067                            22,956

          Others                                                                             177,930                           112,589

          Total                                                                             11,111,339                      10,990,375




298
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
10 Staff costs


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                              Note                      2022                                  2021



Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                    7,640,457                             9,371,929

Contribution to pension schemes                                                       1,217,392                            960,397

Equity-settled share-based payment expense                    63                      249,094                             243,690

Other social welfare                                                                  944,955                               781,178

Total                                                                               10,051,898                            11,357,194


                                                                                                                                                About Us

The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in social welfare plans, including pension, medical, housing,
and other welfare benefits, organised and administered by the governmental authorities. According to the relevant
regulations, the premiums and welfare benefits contributions that should be borne by the Group are calculated on a regular
basis and paid to the labour and social welfare authorities. The contributions to the social security plans are expensed as
incurred.

The Group provides its full-time employees in Mainland China and certain countries or jurisdictions outside Mainland


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
China with relevant pension plans as required by the governments or by local labour laws, including the basic pension
plan in Mainland China, the Mandatory Provident Funds in Hong Kong and other statutory plans in certain countries outside



                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Mainland China. The Group did not have any forfeited contributions under these pension plans.

The Group also provides an enterprise annuity plan to employees in Mainland China. According to the plan, when an
employee resigns, part of the contributed amount may be returned to the Company's enterprise annuity account based
on his/her actual working time. Such returned contributions had no impact on the level of annuity contributions for existing
employees. The Group did not utilise any of such forfeited contributions to reduce the existing level of contributions.



11 Depreciation and amortisation expenses




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2022                                  2021



Amortisation of land-use rights and other intangible assets                           430,469                               477,161

Depreciation of property and equipment                                                982,420                               851,616

  - Right-of-use assets                                                               525,031                             462,505

  - Other property and equipment                                                      457,389                                389,111
Amortisation of leasehold improvements and long-term
                                                                                       127,043                              88,859
 deferred expenses
Depreciation of investment properties                                                   12,644                              15,009




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Total                                                                                1,552,576                            1,432,645




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
12 Tax and surcharges


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2022                                  2021



City maintenance and construction tax                                                   81,378                              109,041

Education surcharges                                                                   58,348                               79,544

Others                                                                                 50,245                                51,310

Total                                                                                  189,971                            239,895




                                                                                                                                       299
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          13 Other operating expenses


                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                    2022                    2021



          Cost of commodity sales                                               3,259,403                3,424,414

          IT expenses                                                            1,955,741               1,398,190

          Marketing, advertising and promotion expenses                          600,943                 642,662

          Consulting fees                                                         526,316                 396,277

          Stock exchange fees                                                     418,653                 383,240

          Postal and communication expenses                                       277,532                263,386

          Products distribution expenses                                           38,397                 130,332

          Securities investor protection funds                                     111,428                 126,481

          Utilities                                                                52,747                  53,575

          Rental expenses                                                          41,566                  41,020

          Auditors' remuneration                                                   12,520                   12,823

          Others                                                                1,353,860                 1,190,417

          Total                                                                 8,649,106                8,062,817




          14 Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal


                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                    2022                    2021



          Reversal of impairment losses against cash and bank balances              (351)                   (273)
          (Reversal of) / provision for impairment losses against margin
                                                                                (387,636)                446,060
            accounts receivable
          Reversal of impairment losses against other receivables and
                                                                                    (720)                (28,750)
            prepayments
          Reversal of impairment losses against debt instruments at
                                                                                  (9,969)                 (12,906)
            amortised cost
          (Reversal of) / provision for impairment losses against financial
                                                                                 (69,406)                  29,105
            assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
          Provision for impairment losses against financial assets held under
                                                                                   15,392                  80,513
            resale agreements
          (Reversal of) / provision for impairment losses against accounts
            receivable                                                           (32,659)                  34,439

          Total                                                                 (485,349)                 548,188




300
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
15 Income tax expense

(a) Taxation in the consolidated income statements represents:


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2022                          2021



Current income tax

  - Mainland China                                                                   1,038,734                        2,591,351




                                                                                                                                           About Us
  - Hong Kong                                                                              4,852                       108,545

  - Overseas                                                                              178,024                      147,852

                                                                                      1,221,610                      2,847,748

Adjustment in respect of prior years

  - Mainland China                                                                         27,018                        7,302

  - Hong Kong                                                                         (62,700)                           8,919

  - Overseas                                                                                   -                             -

                                                                                     (35,682)                            16,221

Deferred tax




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
  Reversal of temporary differences                                                  (323,220)                       (192,300)

Total                                                                                 862,708                        2,671,669




(1) According to the PRC Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") Law that took effect on 1 January 2008, the Company and the Group's                and Strategies
subsidiaries in the Mainland China are subject to CIT at the statutory tax rate of 25%.

(2) Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits. The federal income
tax of subsidiaries in the United States were provided at the rate of 21%, whereas the states' income tax are charged at the
applicable local tax rates.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rate:


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2022                          2021



Profit before income tax                                                            12,228,038                      16,272,562

Notional tax calculated using the PRC statutory tax rate                             3,057,009                       4,068,141

Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                 337,466                          421,300

Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                   (2,239,673)                      (1,687,773)
Tax effect of deductible temporary differences or unused tax
                                                                                          16,064                       26,676




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
  losses not recognised
Effect of using the deductible tax losses for which no deferred tax
                                                                                          (5,193)                     (12,400)
  asset was recognised in previous period
Effect of different tax rates of the subsidiaries                                    (169,573)                       (153,277)




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Adjustment in respect of prior years                                                 (35,682)                            16,221

Others(Note)                                                                          (97,710)                          (7,219)

Income tax expense for the year                                                       862,708                        2,671,669




Note:The balance of others mainly represents tax impact of dividends to perpetual subordinated bonds.




                                                                                                                                  301
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          16 Directors' and supervisors' remuneration

          The remuneration of directors and supervisors for current year who held office is as follows:



                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                  Salaries,   Contribution
                                                           allowances and      to pension       Discretionary       Annuity
          Name                           Directors' fees   benefits in kind      schemes             bonuses          plan    Total



          Executive directors

            Zhang Wei                                  -               449              43                  1,010       208    1,710

            Zhou Yi                                    -              1,396             43              2,280           186   3,905

            Yin lihong(2)                              -                235             26                   193        184     638

            Zhu Xuebo(3) (13)                          -                  -              -                     -          -       -



          Non-executive directors

            Ding Feng(1)                               -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Chen Zhongyang(1)(2)                       -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Ke Xiang(1)                                -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Hu Xiao(1)                                 -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Zhang Jin Xin(1)(4)                        -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Chen Yongbing(1)(3)                        -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Wang Tao(1)(5)                             -                  -              -                     -          -       -



          Independent non-executive
            directors
            Wang Jianwen                            240                   -              -                     -          -     240

            Wang Quansheng(2)                        140                  -              -                     -          -     140

            Peng Bing(4)                              20                  -              -                     -          -      20

            Wang Bing(4)                              20                  -              -                     -          -      20

            Tse Yung Hoi(4)                           20                  -              -                     -          -      20

            Chen Chuanming(3)                        120                  -              -                     -          -     120

            Liu Yan(6)                              240                   -              -                     -          -     240

            Chen Zhibin(6)                          240                   -              -                     -          -     240

            Au King Chi (6) (12)                    240                   -              -                     -          -     240



          Supervisors

            Li Chongqi(1)(4)                           -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Zhou Hongrong(1)(4)                        -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Yu Lanying(1)                              -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Zhang Xiaohong(1)                          -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Fan Chunyan(1)(6)                          -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Zhang Ming(1)(6)                           -                  -              -                     -          -       -

            Gu Chengzhong (7)                          -                912             43              2,650           128   3,733

            Wang Ying                                  -                912             43              1,560           100    2,615

            Wang Juan(8)                               -               564              43              1,400            88   2,095

          Total                                    1,280              4,468            241              9,093           894   15,976




302
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2021
                                                        Salaries,    Contribution
                                                allowances and        to pension       Discretionary       Annuity
Name                          Directors' fees    benefits in kind       schemes             bonuses          plan    Total



Executive directors

 Zhang Wei                                  -                 422              38                  1,349       176    1,985

 Zhou Yi                                    -                1,315             38              2,723           178   4,254

 Zhu Xuebo(3) (13)                          -                   -               -                     -          -       -



Non-executive directors


                                                                                                                                       About Us
 Ding Feng(1)                               -                   -               -                     -          -       -

 Chen Yongbing(1)(3)                        -                   -               -                     -          -       -

 Ke Xiang(1)(2)                             -                   -               -                     -          -       -

 Xu Qing(1)(9)                              -                   -               -                     -          -       -

 Hu Xiao(1)                                 -                   -               -                     -          -       -

 Wang Tao(1)(5)                             -                   -               -                     -          -       -



Independent non-executive




                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
  directors
 Chen Chuanming(3)                       240                    -               -                     -          -     240

 Lee Chi Ming(10)                         120                   -               -                     -          -     120




                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
 Liu Yan(6)                              240                    -               -                     -          -     240

 Chen Zhibin(6)                          240                    -               -                     -          -     240

 Wang Jianwen                            240                    -               -                     -          -     240

 Au King Chi(6) (12)                      140                   -               -                     -          -     140



Supervisors

 Zhai Jun (11)                              -                  511             32                  3,190       124   3,857

 Zhang Ming(1)(6)                           -                   -               -                     -          -       -




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
 Yu Lanying(1)                              -                   -               -                     -          -       -

 Zhang Xiaohong(1)                          -                   -               -                     -          -       -

 Fan Chunyan(1)(6)                          -                   -               -                     -          -       -

 Gu Chengzhong (7)                          -                856               38              3,370           122   4,386

 Wang Ying                                  -                856               38              2,360            95   3,349

 Wang Juan(8)                               -                532               38                  450          84    1,104

Total                                   1,220               4,492             222              13,442          779   20,155




(1) The remunerations of these non-executive directors and supervisors of the Company were borne by its shareholders




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
and other related parties including Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited, Jiangsu Communications Holdings Co.,
Ltd., CMB Wealth Management Company Limited and Jiangsu Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd., etc. No allocation of the
remunerations between these shareholders and the Group has been made during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
(2) Appointed as executive director, non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 22 June
2022.

(3) Resigned as executive director, non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 22 June
2022.

(4) Appointed as executive director, non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 30
December 2022.

(5) Resigned as executive director, non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 14 April
2022.




                                                                                                                              303
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (6) Resigned as executive director, non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 30
          December 2022.

          (7) Appointed as chairman of the supervisory board on 29 October 2021.

          (8) Appointed as executive director, non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 29
          October 2021.

          (9) Resigned as executive director, non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 29 October
          2021.

          (10) Resigned as executive director, non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 22 June
          2021.

          (11) Resigned as chairman of the supervisory board on 29 October 2021.

          (12) Appointed as independent non-executive director or supervisor on 22 June 2021.

          (13) Mr. Zhu Xuebo, a former executive director of the Company, received remuneration from China Southern Asset
          Management.

          (14) For the year ended 31 December 2022, in addition to remuneration of directors and supervisors as disclosed above, the
          Company recognized share-based payment expense amounted to RMB2,094 thousand, for the restricted shares granted
          to Zhou Yi under Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares. (For the year ended 31 December 2021: RMB1,589 thousand.)

          There were no amounts paid during the year ended 31 December 2022 to the directors and supervisors in connection with
          their retirement from employment or compensation for loss of office with the Company, or inducement to join. During the
          year, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor who had resigned waived or agreed to waive any
          remuneration.




304
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
17 Individuals with highest emoluments

Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, none are directors or supervisors whose emoluments are disclosed in
Note 16. The aggregate of the emoluments are as follows:



                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                    2022                                 2021



Salaries and allowances                                                            16,484                                18,198

Discretionary bonuses                                                              23,332                               42,830


                                                                                                                                             About Us
Employer's contribution to pension schemes                                            637                                 458

Share-based payments                                                               52,871                               56,525

Total                                                                              93,324                                118,011




The emoluments with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:



                                                                                Year ended 31 December




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                                    2022                                 2021

                                                                    Number of individuals                Number of individuals




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
HKD9,500,001 to HKD10,000,000                                                           -                                     -

HKD10,000,001 to HKD15,000,000                                                          -                                     -

HKD15,000,001 to HKD20,000,000                                                          3                                       1

HKD20,000,001 to HKD25,000,000                                                          -                                       1

Over HKD25,000,000                                                                      2                                     3

Total                                                                                   5                                     5




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
No emoluments are paid or payable to these individuals as retirement from employment or as an inducement to join or
upon joining the Company or as compensation for loss of office during the reporting period.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    305
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          18 Other comprehensive income /(expense)


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                        Before tax                  Tax expense      Net of tax



          Net gain from debt instruments at FVOCI                        (122,522)                         14,624     (107,898)

          Equity instruments at FVOCI:

            - Net movements in fair value reserve (non-recycling)         (59,673)                         9,838      (49,835)

          Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                        56,827                             -        56,827
          Share of other comprehensive
                                                                             18,719                            -          18,719
            income of associates and joint ventures
          Exchange differences on
            translation of financial statements in foreign currencies     1,278,136                            -       1,278,136
          Total                                                            1,171,487                      24,462      1,195,949




                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2021

                                                                        Before tax                   Tax expense     Net of tax



          Net gain from debt investments at FVOCI                          (49,215)                       (3,896)        (53,111)

          Equity investments at FVOCI:

            - Net movements in fair value reserve (non-recycling)        (504,393)                        122,805     (381,588)

          Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                         20,164                            -         20,164
          Share of other comprehensive
                                                                             51,482                            -         51,482
            income of associates and joint ventures
          Exchange differences on
            translation of financial statements in foreign currencies     (263,031)                            -      (263,031)

          Total                                                          (744,993)                        118,909     (626,084)




306
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022
19 Basic and diluted earnings per share

(1) Basic earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                 Note                   2022                           2021




                                                                                                                                        About Us
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
 shareholders of the Company (in RMB thousands)                 19(1)(a)            10,618,815                    13,249,590
Weighted average number of ordinary
 shares (in thousands)                                          19(1)(b)           8,985,546                      8,985,942
Basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary
 shareholders (in RMB per share)                                                          1.18                          1.47




(a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (in RMB
thousands)


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                                                         2022                          2021



Consolidated net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company           11,052,696                   13,346,106

Dividends declared under Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares                 (19,992)                     (18,195)
Profit attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds holders
  of the Company (i)                                                                 (413,889)                      (78,321)
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
 of the Company (Adjusted)                                                           10,618,815                   13,249,590




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
(i) For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022, RMB414
million (2021: RMB78 million) attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds were deducted from profits attributable to
shareholders of the Company.


(b) Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands)


                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2022                           2021




                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Number of ordinary shares as at 1 January                                           9,076,650                     9,076,650

Decrease in weighted average number of ordinary shares                               (91,104)                      (90,708)

Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                         8,985,546                      8,985,942




                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                               307
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Diluted earnings per share

          Diluted earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
          Company (diluted) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                                   Note               2022                           2021



          Consolidated net profit attributable to
           ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted)                         19(2)(a)        10,392,124                     13,110,739
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares
           outstanding (in thousands)                                                             8,985,546                     8,985,942
          Diluted earnings per share attributable to
            ordinary shareholders (in Renminbi per share)                                               1.16                          1.46




          (a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted) is
          calculated as follows:


                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                      2022                           2021



          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
                                                                                                  10,618,815                    13,249,590
           of the Company (Adjusted)
          Diluted adjustments:
          Effect of conversion of convertible bonds from the associate
                                                                                                  (225,720)                      (138,059)
            of the Company(ii)
                                                                          (iii)
          Assumed vesting of shares granted to employees of a subsidiary                              (971)                          (792)
          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
           of the Company (diluted)                                                               10,392,124                     13,110,739




          (i) The Group granted Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A shares to certain employees in 2021. Diluted earnings per
          share should take into account both the impact of the cash dividend of the current period distributed to the holders of
          restricted shares who are expected to reach the unlocking conditions and estimate number of restricted shares which will
          be unlocked. After considering the abovementioned impact, the Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme has an anti-dilutive
          effect and excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31
          December 2021.

          (ii) Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ("Bank of Jiangsu"), the associate of the Company issued convertible bonds in 2019. Diluted
          earnings per share takes into account the potential dilutive impact on the Group's share of profits of this associate due to
          the potential full conversion of bonds to shares.

          (iii) The dilutive effect is due to the share-based payment schemes of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. ("AssetMark").




308
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
20 Property and equipment


                                           Motor        Electric       Furniture     Construction    Right-of-use
                           Buildings     vehicles    equipment       and fixtures     in progress          assets          Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2022        3,910,449      151,202       1,711,037        348,516          96,059       2,054,590       8,271,853

Additions                           -      43,818        366,134          76,964           212,731        816,869       1,516,516
Transfer during the year
                                  798           -              22           2,156        (113,040)               -      (110,064)
   (Note 34(b))



                                                                                                                                             About Us
Transfer in from
   investment properties       122,515          -               -               -               -                -        122,515
   (Note 21)
Acquisition of
                              656,612           -             251             208               -                -       657,071
 subsidiaries (Note 24)
Disposals                       (196)    (33,438)      (159,628)          (3,835)               -       (356,056)      (553,153)
Transfer to investment
  properties(Note 21)           (565)           -               -               -               -                -         (565)
As at 31 December 2022      4,689,613      161,582      1,917,816        424,009          195,750        2,515,403     9,904,173



Accumulated




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
 depreciation
As at 1 January 2022       (1,014,410)   (110,198)    (803,768)         (243,106)               -        (922,149)    (3,093,631)

Charge for the year         (128,479)    (12,393)     (285,399)           (31,118)              -        (525,031)     (982,420)




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Transfer in from
   investment properties     (59,961)           -               -               -               -                -      (59,961)
   (Note 21)
Disposals                           11     30,344        143,667            3,092               -          341,739       518,853
Transfer to investment
   properties (Note 21)           369           -               -               -               -                -           369
As at 31 December 2022     (1,202,470)   (92,247)     (945,500)          (271,132)              -       (1,105,441)   (3,616,790)



Carrying amount




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
As at 31 December 2022      3,487,143      69,335        972,316          152,877         195,750        1,409,962     6,287,383




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    309
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                       Motor         Electric       Furniture     Construction     Right-of-use
                                     Buildings       vehicles     equipment       and fixtures     in progress           assets           Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2021         3,778,317       153,956       1,393,319         288,254           36,551        1,797,496      7,447,893

          Additions                            -         1,640        394,584           66,158          141,329         425,077        1,028,788
          Transfer during the year
                                               -             -            959            3,529          (81,821)                -       (77,333)
             (Note 34(b))
          Transfer in from
             investment properties      142,890              -               -               -                -                 -       142,890
             (Note 21)
          Disposals                            -       (4,394)        (77,825)         (9,425)                -        (167,983)      (259,627)
          Transfer to investment
            properties(Note 21)         (10,758)             -               -               -                -                 -       (10,758)
          As at 31 December 2021      3,910,449         151,202       1,711,037        348,516          96,059         2,054,590       8,271,853



          Accumulated
           depreciation
          As at 1 January 2021        (871,680)       (106,561)      (663,130)        (193,919)               -        (598,519)     (2,433,809)

          Charge for the year          (109,919)        (7,901)      (214,463)        (56,828)                -        (462,505)       (851,616)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties     (38,154)              -               -               -                -                 -       (38,154)
             (Note 21)
          Disposals                            -         4,264         73,825             7,641               -          138,875        224,605
          Transfer to investment
             properties(Note 21)          5,343              -               -               -                -                 -         5,343
          As at 31 December 2021      (1,014,410)     (110,198)     (803,768)        (243,106)                -        (922,149)     (3,093,631)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2021     2,896,039          41,004        907,269           105,410         96,059           1,132,441     5,178,222




          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, included in buildings, there is a carrying amount of RMB40.57 million and
          RMB44.40 million, respectively, for which the Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates.




310
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
21 Investment properties


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                 2022                                            2021



Cost

As at 1 January                                                                512,654                                     644,786

Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                  (122,515)                                   (142,890)

Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                                  565                                          10,758



                                                                                                                                                  About Us
Disposals                                                                      (2,572)                                              -

As at 31 December                                                              388,132                                         512,654



Accumulated depreciation

As at 1 January                                                              (214,099)                                     (231,901)

Charge for the year                                                           (12,644)                                     (15,009)

Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                                (369)                                         (5,343)

Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                    59,961                                          38,154

Disposals                                                                         1,152                                             -



                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
As at 31 December                                                            (165,999)                                    (214,099)




                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
Impairment

As at 1 January                                                                (4,547)                                         (4,547)

Impairment losses for the year                                                       -                                              -

As at 31 December                                                              (4,547)                                         (4,547)



Carrying amount                                                                217,586                                     294,008




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, included in investment properties, there is a carrying amount of RMB4.74
million and RMB5.19 million, respectively, for which the Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                         311
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          22 Goodwill



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2022                                                                                                   2,836,429

          Acquisition through business combination                                                                                 271,374

          Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                                                    244,416

          As at 31 December 2022                                                                                                  3,352,219



          Impairment losses

          As at 1 January 2022                                                                                                           -

          Impairment losses                                                                                                              -

          As at 31 December 2022                                                                                                         -



          Carrying amounts

          As at 1 January 2022                                                                                                   2,836,429

          As at 31 December 2022                                                                                                  3,352,219



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2021                                                                                                   2,260,945

          Acquisition through business combination                                                                                633,975

          Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                                                   (58,491)

          As at 31 December 2021                                                                                                 2,836,429



          Impairment losses

          As at 1 January 2021                                                                                                           -

          Impairment losses                                                                                                              -

          As at 31 December 2021                                                                                                         -



          Carrying amounts

          As at 1 January 2021                                                                                                   2,260,945

          As at 31 December 2021                                                                                                 2,836,429




          The Group acquired the investment banking business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
          Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over
          the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the investment banking CGU.

          The Group acquired the futures brokerage business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
          Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (previously known as Great Wall Futures Co., Ltd.) in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair
          value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the
          futures brokerage CGU.

          The Group acquired the overseas asset management business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the
          interest in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. in 2016. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration
          transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the goodwill of the overseas asset management
          CGU.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. in April 2019. The
          Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets
          acquired as the addition goodwill of the overseas asset management CGU.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of WBI OBS Financial, Inc. in February 2020. The Group
          recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets
          acquired as the addition goodwill of the overseas asset management CGU. In 2021, the Group adjusts its organizational




312
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
structure. AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. 's subsidiary, AssetMark, Inc., merged WBI OBS Financial, LLC. Considering this is a
combination under the same control, the goodwill remains unchanged.

AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Voyant, Inc. in July 2021. The Group recognised the excess of
fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as the addition goodwill
of the overseas asset management CGU.

AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. in December 2022.
The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable
assets acquired as the addition goodwill of the overseas asset management CGU.



                                                                                                                                               About Us
Impairment testing on goodwill

Goodwill is allocated to the Group's cash-generating units ("CGU") identified according to operating segment as follows:



                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                 2022                                         2021




Investment banking                                                              51,090                                       51,090

Futures brokerage                                                                  252                                         252



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Overseas asset management                                                    3,300,877                                    2,785,087

Total                                                                         3,352,219                                   2,836,429




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
For the investment banking and futures brokerage CGU, the cash flows generated from each subsidiary acquired are
independent. Therefore, each of these acquired subsidiaries is a separate CGU. For the overseas asset management CGU,
the Group considered that the primary business of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. acquired in 2019, WBI OBS Financial,
Inc. acquired in 2020, Voyant, Inc. acquired in 2021 and Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. acquired in 2022 are the
same as AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., and they can bring synergies to overseas asset management business. The
Group assessed that there was only one CGU within AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.. The Group performed the impairment




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
test for the goodwill generated from each CGU.


(1) Investment banking and futures brokerage CGU

The recoverable amounts of each CGU are determined based on value-in-use calculations, respectively. These calculations
use cash flow projections with reference to financial budgets approved by management covering certain period. Cash-
flows beyond the certain period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth rate, which does not
exceed the long-term average growth rate. As at 31 December 2022, the discount rate used by the investment banking
and futures brokerage CGUs were 20 % and 18 %, respectively (20% and 18%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021), and the
weighted average growth rate were 4.5% and 6.6 %, respectively (5% and 6.6%, respectively, as at 31 December 2021). The
discount rate and weighted average growth rate reflected the risks and growth expectations of the relevant CGUs. Other




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
major assumptions for the recoverable amount estimation relate to the estimation of cash inflows / outflows which include
budgeted income and profit margins. Such estimation is based on the CGU's past performance and management's
expectations for the market development.




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
(2) Overseas asset management CGU

The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on fair value less costs of disposal based on the stock
price of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. in New York Stock Exchange as at 31 December 2022.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group performed its annual goodwill impairment test. No impairments were recognised for
the goodwill related to investment banking CGU, futures brokerage CGU and overseas asset management CGU. The Group
believes that appropriate assumptions have been made based on available information. The key assumptions based on
the cash flow projections of the asset groups may change, which may cause the recoverable amounts to be over or below
its book value.




                                                                                                                                      313
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          23 Land-use rights and other intangible assets


                                                             Existing          Enterprise
                                                       relationships          distribution
                                           Land-        with broker-    channel customer                       Software
                                        use rights           dealers        relationships    Trade names     and others         Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2022           1,768,330          3,636,197              202,009        312,824      3,298,487     9,217,847

          Acquisition of subsidiaries             -                 -               23,427          10,981       26,355        60,763

          Additions                               -                 -                    -              -       565,955       565,955

          Disposals                               -                 -                    -              -          (86)          (86)

          Exchange differences                    -          295,470                16,790         24,915       196,426       533,601

          As at 31 December 2022         1,768,330          3,931,667              242,226        348,720      4,087,137    10,378,080



          Accumulated amortisation

          As at 1 January 2022             (117,114)                -                    -       (131,462)   (2,178,598)   (2,427,174)

          Charge for the year             (41,772)                  -                    -       (37,409)      (351,288)    (430,469)

          Disposals                               -                 -                    -              -            86            86

          Exchange differences                    -                 -                    -        (9,637)       (71,070)     (80,707)

          As at 31 December 2022         (158,886)                  -                    -      (178,508)    (2,600,870)   (2,938,264)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2022         1,609,444          3,931,667              242,226         170,212     1,486,267     7,439,816




314
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                      Existing          Enterprise
                                                relationships          distribution
                                   Land-         with broker-    channel customer                         Software
                                use rights            dealers        relationships     Trade names      and others           Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2021               362,281           3,738,930                    -         300,370       2,846,622       7,248,203

Acquisition of subsidiaries                -                 -               207,716          20,707        167,596         396,019

Additions                         1,406,049                  -                    -                -        324,973        1,731,022

Disposals                                  -                 -                    -                -         (1,667)         (1,667)

Exchange differences                       -         (102,733)               (5,707)         (8,253)       (39,037)       (155,730)



                                                                                                                                                About Us
As at 31 December 2021            1,768,330          3,636,197              202,009          312,824      3,298,487       9,217,847



Accumulated amortisation

As at 1 January 2021              (92,622)                   -                    -         (87,012)     (1,792,500)     (1,972,134)

Charge for the year               (24,492)                   -                    -         (46,907)      (405,762)        (477,161)

Disposals                                  -                 -                    -                -          1,666           1,666

Exchange differences                       -                 -                    -            2,457         17,998         20,455

As at 31 December 2021              (117,114)                -                    -         (131,462)    (2,178,598)     (2,427,174)




                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2021             1,651,216         3,636,197              202,009          181,362       1,119,889     6,790,673




                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Existing relationships with brokers-dealers and enterprise distribution channel customer relationships are not amortised
while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite because there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset
is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group performed its impairment test on the relationships with brokers-dealers based on
the judgment of whether the recoverable amounts of the above individual intangible assets can be reliably estimated.




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use calculation. The Group uses cash flow projections with
reference to Assetmark Financial Holdings, Inc.'s financial budget approved by management covering a 7-year period and
the discount rate of 15.18%. The current rate has reflected the specific risks of the underlying assets. The cash flows for the
years beyond the financial budget are estimated at the long-term average growth rate of 3.5%.

As at 31 December 2022 the Group performed its impairment test on the enterprise distribution channel customer
relationships based on the judgment of whether the recoverable amounts of the above individual intangible assets can be
reliably estimated. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use calculation. The Group uses cash flow
projections with reference to Voyant, Inc.'s financial budget approved by management covering a 10-year period and the
discount rate of 19.91%. The current rate has reflected the specific risks of the underlying assets. The cash flows for the years
beyond the financial budget are estimated at the long-term average growth rate of 2.5%.




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Based on management's impairment assessment of the Group, no impairment loss was recognised for the year ended 31
December 2022 (31 December 2021: Nil).




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                       315
316



      24 Investments in subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) Details of principal subsidiaries

      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of shares hold is
      ordinary, and the issued and fully paid-up capital is expressed in Renminbi Yuan:


                                                                              Place and date of
                                                                                 Incorporation /     Issued and fully    Equity interest held by the Company                                           Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                               establishment and business       paid-up capital               as at 31 December                      Principal activity            GAAP
                                                                                                                                     2022                      2021                                   2022              2021



                                                                                            PRC                  RMB                                                             Investment     Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
      Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                        99.92%                  99.92%
                                                                               5 September 1997           997,480,000                                                               banking       PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP


                                                                                              PRC                RMB                                                                 Futures    Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                                  100.00%                 60.00%
                                                                                     10 July 1995       3,939,000,000                                                             brokerage       PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP


                                                                                             PRC                 RMB                                                                  Equity    Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
      Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                   100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                  12 August 2008        5,200,000,000                                                            investment       PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP


                                                                                     Hong Kong                   HKD                                                               Securities       Deloitte           KPMG
      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited(2)                                                                             100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                              23 November 2006          8,800,000,000                                                 and futures brokerage         HKFRSs            HKFRSs


                                                                                      Hong Kong                   HKD                                                                Holding        Deloitte           KPMG
      Huatai International Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                            100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                      5 April 2017      10,200,000,002                                                             company          HKFRSs            HKFRSs


                                                                                           PRC                   RMB                                                              Alternative   Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
      Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                    100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                               21 November 2013         2,300,000,000                                                            investment       PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP


                                                                                            PRC                  RMB                                                                Asset       Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
      Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Assets Management Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                 16 October 2014        2,600,000,000                                                         management          PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP
                                                                             Place and date of
                                                                                Incorporation /    Issued and fully    Equity interest held by the Company                                             Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                              establishment and business      paid-up capital               as at 31 December                      Principal activity              GAAP
                                                                                                                                   2022                       2021                                    2022              2021



      Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Equity Management (Limited                                   PRC                  RMB                                                                 Equity       Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
                                                                                                                                  31.00%                     31.00%
       Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                28 September 2014                   -                                                            investment          PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP


      Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited                             PRC                RMB                                                                 Equity       Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
                                                                                                                                 45.00%                  45.00%
       Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                        1 June 2015                 -                                                            investment          PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP


                                                                                            PRC                 RMB                                                                Equity       Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
      Yili Suxin Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                                  24.73%                 24.73%
                                                                                19 February 2016       1,810,000,000                                                          investment          PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP


                                                                                             US                USD                                                               Asset            KPMG LLP          KPMG LLP
      AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.(2)                                                                                      68.89%                      69.16%
                                                                                 1 January 1996              73,563                                                        management             US GAAP           US GAAP


                                                                                                                                                                      Spread trading and
                                                                                          PRC                 RMB                                                                               Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Capital Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                                       100.00%                 100.00%      commodity warrant
                                                                               6 December 2013         650,000,000                                                                                PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP
                                                                                                                                                                                  trading


                                                                                           PRC                 RMB                                                           Investment         Deloitte PRC        KPMG PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Investment Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                                    100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                  3 August 2017         550,000,000                                                        management             PRC GAAP          PRC GAAP




317
                                        Financial Report and                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                                                       Corporate Governance                                                                          About Us                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                                    and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (1) Auditors of the respective subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

          - Deloitte PRC represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, a firm of certified public accountants
          registered in PRC;

          - Deloitte represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in Hong Kong, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Hong
          Kong;

          - KPMG PRC represents KPMG Huazhen LLP, a firm of certified public accountants registered in PRC;

          - KPMG represents KPMG in Hong Kong, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Hong Kong; and

          - KPMG LLP represents KPMG in the United States, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United States.

          (2) These subsidiaries are indirectly controlled by the Company.

          (3) As at 31 December 2022, the Company indirectly held less than 50% of the equity of Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Equity
          Management (Limited Partnership), Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited Partnership) and Yili Suxin
          Investment Fund (Limited Partnership). According to the articles of partnership agreement, the Company has the power to
          control these funds and has the ability to use the power to affect the Company's variable return amount. Therefore, they
          are included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements.

          (4) Company with limited liability in Mainland China.

          (5) Limited partnership in Mainland China.


          (b) Partially-owned subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests

          During the year, the Company purchased 40% of its interest in Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. ("Huatai Futures") held by Huali
          Family Co., Ltd, increasing its continuing interest to 100%. The Company paid a final purchase price of RMB1,590 million.
          The registration procedures for industrial and commercial changes in equity changes have been completed. The equity
          interest held by the Company is 100% after the purchase. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the profit of Huatai Futures
          allocated to non-controlling interests was RMB71 million.

          The following tables list out the information relating to AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary of the Group which
          have material non-controlling interest ("NCI"). The summarised financial information presented below represents the
          amounts before any inter-company elimination:



                                                                                       AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.
                                                                                                  2022                                 2021



          NCI percentage                                                                          31.11%                             30.84%

          Assets                                                                             10,528,077                          8,926,805

          Liabilities                                                                       (2,699,030)                         (2,552,832)

          Net assets                                                                          7,829,047                          6,373,973

          Carrying amount of NCI                                                              2,435,946                           1,965,733



          Revenue                                                                             3,067,256                          2,438,905

          Profit for the year                                                                   678,071                               310,176

          Other comprehensive income                                                             (1,056)                                   -

          Total comprehensive income                                                            677,015                               310,176

          Profit allocated to NCI                                                               228,739                              95,658

          Dividend paid to NCI                                                                        -                                    -



          Cash flows from operating activities                                                  943,679                              832,095

          Cash flows from investing activities                                                (638,926)                         (1,038,588)

          Cash flows from financing activities                                                     8,461                             258,673




318
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(c) Acquisition of subsidiary

Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc.

In order to improve the overall competitiveness in the market of Turn-Key Asset Management Platform("TAMP"), the
Company's subsidiary AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired all of the issued and outstanding equity interests of
Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. and its subsidiary ("Adhesion Wealth"). Adhesion Wealth is a leading provider of
wealth management technology solutions to RIAs. Adhesion Wealth was originally founded in 2005 and Headquartered in
Charlotte, NC. On 14 December 2022, AssetMark closed the acquisition and the equity interest held by the Group is 100% after
the acquisition. As at 31 December 2022, AssetMark has paid a cash consideration of USD46.86 million and the consideration


                                                                                                                                              About Us
to be paid was USD3 million(RMB346.71 million). From the date of purchase, Adhesion Wealth is consolidated into the
consolidated financial statements.

Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition were determined on a provisional basis. The fair values
of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. as at the date of acquisition were as
follows:


                                                                                                           Fair value recognised
                                                                                                                   as at the date
                                                                                                                    of acquisition



Cash and bank balances                                                                                                     20,865          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Land-use rights and other intangible assets                                                                                 60,763

Property and equipment                                                                                                        454

Deferred tax assets                                                                                                         10,702

Other receivables and prepayments                                                                                            7,604

Other payables and accruals                                                                                               (25,054)

Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                                 75,334



Goodwill arising from acquisition                                                                                          271,374




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Cash consideration transferred                                                                                            325,848

Purchase consideration liability                                                                                           20,860

Less: fair value of net assets acquired                                                                                   (75,334)

Carrying amount of goodwill                                                                                                271,374




Goodwill arose from the acquisition because the cost of the acquisition included a control premium. In addition, the
consideration paid for the acquisition effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue
growth, and future market development. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

Since the acquisition, Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. contributed RMB2.78 million to the Group's revenue and RMB1.39
million losses to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                     319
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (d) Acquisition of assets through the purchase of a subsidiary

          In June 2022, the Company acquired 100% equity interests of Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and Management Co.,
          Ltd. ("Shengju") at a cash consideration of RMB673,523 thousand, and actually purchased the properties in Building C of
          Shanghai Poly Plaza for daily office use. The Group is of the opinion that the acquisition did not constitute a business.

          The total consideration of the purchase was paid in 2021. For the year ended 31 December 2022, the net cash inflows arising
          on acquisition of Shengju amounted to RMB16,309 thousand.

          Assets and liabilities of Shengju recognised at the date of acquisition:


                                                                                                                                                           As at the date of
                                                                                                                                                                 acquisition



          Cash and bank balances                                                                                                                                        16,309

          Property and equipment                                                                                                                                       656,616

          Other receivables and prepayments                                                                                                                                   190

          Other assets                                                                                                                                                    408

                                                                                                                                                                      673,523




          25 Interests in associates


                                                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                                              2022                                                       2021



          Share of net assets                                                                             18,276,443                                                18,269,459




          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group has pledged the shares of interest in associates with a total book
          value of RMB4,649 million and RMB4,133 million to China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ("CSF") for the purpose of
          refinancing, respectively.

          The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which (except that Bank of Jiangsu has been
          listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange) are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available:



                                                                                                     Proportion of owner ship interest
                                               Registered                             Group's effective          Held by the              Held by a               Principal
          Name of associate                                   Registered capital
                                                 place                                    interest               Company                  subsidiary               activity

                                                             31/12/2022 31/12/2021 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 31/12/2022 31/12/2021 31/12/2022 31/12/2021

                            (i)                                                                                                                                 Commercial
          Bank of Jiangsu                          Nanjing 14,769,657 14,769,628         5.88%      5.63%        5.88%         5.63%          -             -
                                                                                                                                                                  banking


          China Southern Asset                                                                                                                                     Fund
                                                 Shenzhen       361,720     361,720     41.16%      41.16%       41.16%        41.16%         -             -
           Management Co .,Ltd.                                                                                                                                 management


          Nanjing Huatai Ruilian NO.1 Funds                                                                                                                         Equity
                                                   Nanjing    5,442,000   5,442,000    48.27%      48.27%              -           -     48.27%        48.27%
           Mergers (Limited Partnership)(ii)                                                                                                                     investment




          All the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

          (i) For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has appointed one director in the board of directors of Bank of
          Jiangsu. The Company formulated certain specific implementation measures on the finance and operation policy-making
          of Bank of Jiangsu that had a significant influence over it. As of 31 December 2022, Bank of Jiangsu has converted 123,028
          shares convertible bonds, accounting for 0.0011% of the total number of ordinary shares issued by Bank of Jiangsu before
          the conversion. In 2022, the Company purchased 36,000,010 A-shares of Bank of Jiangsu through the secondary market, The
          equity ratio of Bank of Jiangsu held by the Company was changed from 5.63% to 5.88%.




320
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(ii) As at 31 December 2022, the Group holds 48.27% equity interest of Nanjing Huatai Ruilian No.1 Funds Mergers (Limited
Partnership) ("No.1 Funds Mergers"). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group is the co-manager of the
fund, which has a significant influence over the fund. Therefore, it is accounted as an associate of the Group.

Summarised financial information of Bank of Jiangsu, China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. and NO. 1 Funds Mergers
which are individually significant associates to the Group, and reconciled to the carrying amounts in the consolidated
financial statements, are disclosed below:

Bank of Jiangsu




                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                                                         2022                              2021



Gross amounts of the associate

Assets                                                                           2,980,403,000                    2,618,390,000

Liabilities                                                                     (2,764,867,949)                   (2,421,256,731)

Net assets                                                                          215,535,051                      197,133,269

Revenue                                                                             70,570,000                        63,771,000

Profit for the year                                                                  26,459,381                      20,558,735

Other comprehensive income                                                             279,239                          965,864




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Total comprehensive income                                                          26,738,620                       21,524,599

Dividend received from the associate                                                   332,800                           262,912




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Reconciled to the Group's interest in the associate:

Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company                     168,766,000                       149,464,135

The Group's effective interest                                                           5.88%                            5.63%

The Group's share of net assets of the associate                                      9,841,473                       8,387,646

Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                              9,841,473                       8,387,646




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.



                                                                                         2022                              2021



Gross amounts of the associate

Assets                                                                               14,133,326                       14,159,044

Liabilities                                                                         (5,247,733)                      (5,502,501)

Net assets                                                                           8,885,593                        8,656,543

Revenue                                                                              6,469,487                         7,606,612

Profit for the year                                                                   1,770,586                        2,162,975




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Other comprehensive income                                                              33,909                          (10,689)

Total comprehensive income                                                            1,804,495                        2,152,286

Dividend received from the associate                                                    614,702                         530,548




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Reconciled to the Group's interest in the associate:

Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company                       8,632,609                          8,417,301

The Group's effective interest                                                           41.16%                           41.16%

The Group's share of net assets of the associate                                      3,553,182                        3,464,561

Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                              3,553,182                        3,464,561




                                                                                                                                    321
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          NO.1 Funds Mergers



                                                                                         2022         2021



          Gross amounts of the associate

          Assets                                                                      3,517,571   5,870,306

          Liabilities                                                                  (10,413)     (4,282)

          Net assets                                                                  3,507,158   5,866,024

          Revenue                                                                   (1,613,876)    270,252

          Profit for the year                                                       (1,647,565)     340,154

          Other comprehensive income                                                         -            -

          Total comprehensive income                                                (1,647,565)     340,154

          Dividend received from the associate                                         212,584       74,479



          Reconciled to the Group's interest in the associate:

          Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company              3,507,158   5,866,024

          The Group's effective interest                                                48.27%      48.27%

          The Group's share of net assets of the associate                           1,692,905    2,831,530

          Other adjustment                                                            (50,563)     (141,442)

          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                    1,642,342   2,690,088




          Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:



                                                                                         2022         2021


          Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
           consolidated financial statements                                         3,239,446     3,727,164



          Aggregate amounts of the Group's share of those associates' gains           (194,194)     668,310

          Other comprehensive income                                                         -            -

          Total comprehensive income                                                  (194,194)     668,310




322
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
26 Interests in joint ventures


                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                           2022                                  2021



Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair
                                                                                                         741,464                              823,289
 value through profit or loss (i)
Unlisted investment in a joint venture                                                                   964,720                              925,776

Total                                                                                                   1,706,184                            1,749,065




(i) The Group elected to measure its investment in Huatai International Greater Bay Area Investment Fund, L.P. of RMB741.46                                       About Us
million held through Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, a directly wholly-owned subsidiary, at fair value through
profit or loss as management measured the performance of this joint venture on a fair value basis as at 31 December 2022.

The following list contains only the particulars of unlisted joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in
the consolidated financial statements, and details of the joint venture as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are as
follows:




                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Proportion of ownership interest
                                                 Registered   Registered    Group's effective          Held by the             Held by a    Principal




                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
Name of joint venture                                 place      capital             interest           Company               subsidiary     activity


Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu)
 Capital Market Investment Fund                                                                                                                 Equity
 of Funds (Limited Partnership) (i)                 Nanjing    10,001,000              10.00%                       -             10.00%   investment




(i) As at 31 December 2022, the Group held 10.00% equity interest of Huatai Merchant (Jiangsu) Capital Market Investment
Fund of Funds (Limited Partnership). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group and a third party




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
contractually agree to share control of the fund, and have rights to the net assets of the fund. The directors of the Group
consider the fund is jointly controlled by the Group and the third party, and it is therefore accounted for as a joint venture of
the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                         323
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          27 Debt instruments at amortised cost

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022                                 2021



          Debt securities                                                                    36,590,612                          25,302,591

          Less: impairment losses                                                               (3,905)                             (2,925)

          Total                                                                              36,586,707                          25,299,666



          Analysed as:

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                           15,935,425                           10,987,272

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                               134,246                             123,799

          Unlisted                                                                           20,517,036                           14,188,595

          Total                                                                              36,586,707                          25,299,666




          Current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022                                 2021



          Debt securities                                                                    11,967,090                            7,134,040

          Less: impairment losses                                                               (1,227)                             (12,190)

          Total                                                                              11,965,863                            7,121,850



          Analysed as:

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                            8,840,419                           3,904,501

          Unlisted                                                                            3,125,444                            3,217,349

          Total                                                                              11,965,863                            7,121,850




          As at 31 December 2022, the Group has pledged debt instruments at amortised cost with a total fair value of RMB48,206
          million and carrying amount of RMB47,753 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business and derivative
          business (as at 31 December 2021: a total fair value of RMB25,841 million and carrying amount of RMB25,565 million).



          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022                                 2021



          At the beginning of the year                                                            15,115                             28,568

          Reversal for the year, net                                                            (9,969)                             (12,906)

          Written-off                                                                              (14)                               (547)

          At the end of the year                                                                  5,132                                15,115




324
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
28 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

(a) Analysed by nature:

Non-current



                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                     2022                           2021



Debt securities                                                                  7,695,974                      4,576,580


                                                                                                                                      About Us
Loan and advances                                                                  204,621                       280,704

Total                                                                            7,900,595                      4,857,284



Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                         1,629,903                        957,186

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                            972,819                       1,346,510

Unlisted                                                                         5,297,873                      2,553,588

Total                                                                            7,900,595                      4,857,284




                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Current


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                     2022                           2021



Debt securities                                                                  2,202,643                      3,828,594

Loan and advances                                                                   401,141                       628,821

Total                                                                            2,603,784                      4,457,415




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                         1,506,397                      2,937,220

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                           696,246                        858,805

Unlisted                                                                            401,141                       661,390

Total                                                                            2,603,784                      4,457,415




As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not pledge debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income to
CSF for the purpose of replacement (as at 31 December 2021: RMB3,396 million).




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
As at 31 December 2022, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income with a
total fair value of RMB3,466 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business (as at 31 December 2021: RMB2,408
million).




                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             325
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          29 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                               2022                             2021



          Equity securities designated at financial assets
            at fair value through other comprehensive income
            - Unlisted equity securities                                                     241,587                           163,138

          Total                                                                              241,587                           163,138



          Analysed as:

          Unlisted                                                                           241,587                           163,138




          For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group disposed some of the financial assets at fair value through other
          comprehensive income, as a result of adjustments in its strategy. The accumulated net realised loss of the financial asset
          disposed of was RMB424 thousand (for the year ended 31 December 2021: RMB443 thousand).




326
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
30 Financial assets held under resale agreements

(a) Analysed by collateral type:

Current



                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                       2022                   2021



Debt securities                                                 28,257,793                6,489,324


                                                                                                                 About Us
Equity securities                                                   7,704,841             6,381,423

Less: impairment losses                                         (1,138,413)               (1,118,777)

Total                                                           34,824,221                11,751,970




(b) Analysed by market:

Current




                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                      As at 31 December




                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                       2022                   2021



Inter-bank market                                               13,366,714                2,807,218

Shenzhen stock exchange                                          11,631,529               5,079,673

Shanghai stock exchange                                             8,912,172              2,311,925

Others                                                              2,052,219              2,671,931

Less: impairment losses                                         (1,138,413)               (1,118,777)

Total                                                           34,824,221                11,751,970




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
(c) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                       2022                   2021



At the beginning of the year                                         1,118,777             1,039,412

Charge for the year, net                                               15,392                80,513

Written-off                                                                 -                (1,148)




                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Other                                                                  4,244                       -

Total                                                                1,138,413              1,118,777




                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                        327
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (d) Analysed by remaining contractual maturities of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2022                          2021



          Within 1 month                                                                        1,632,472                    1,357,437

          1 to 3 months                                                                          528,129                      836,464

          3 months to 1 year                                                                   5,544,240                     4,187,522

          Less: impairment losses                                                             (1,014,020)                   (1,069,179)

          Total                                                                                6,690,821                     5,312,244




          (e) Analysed by the stage of ECL of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                             As at 31 December 2022
                                                                        Lifetime ECL-not                 Lifetime ECL-
                                                   12-month ECL                                                                 Total
                                                                         credit impaired               credit impaired



          Amortised cost                               6,696,552                       -                      1,008,289     7,704,841

          Impairment losses                             (28,128)                       -                     (985,892)     (1,014,020)

          Carrying amount                              6,668,424                       -                         22,397     6,690,821

          Collateral                                  18,262,203                       -                       972,957     19,235,160




                                                                              As at 31 December 2021
                                                                        Lifetime ECL-not                  Lifetime ECL-
                                                   12-month ECL                                                                 Total
                                                                         credit impaired               credit impaired



          Amortised cost                               5,250,484                       -                       1,130,939     6,381,423

          Impairment losses                              (12,440)                      -                     (1,056,739)    (1,069,179)

          Carrying amount                              5,238,044                       -                         74,200      5,312,244

          Collateral                                   20,081,029                      -                       786,652     20,867,681




          As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the collateral of the Group's financial assets held under resale agreements was
          RMB36,336,682 thousand (31 December 2021: RMB27,196,360 thousand).




328
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
31 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Non-current


(a) Analysed by type:


                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                 2022                     2021



Equity securities                                           6,525,458                 6,487,136


                                                                                                            About Us
Funds                                                          761,065                  177,098

Loan and advances                                           2,856,060                 2,915,424

Debt securities                                                      -                  219,793

Wealth management products                                           -                  96,888

Total                                                       10,142,583                9,896,339




(b) Analysed as:


                                                                As at 31 December                        Operating Analysis


                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                                 2022                     2021



Listed outside Hong Kong                                      524,533                   822,231

Unlisted                                                     9,618,050                9,074,108

Total                                                       10,142,583                9,896,339




Current




                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(a) Analysed by type:


                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2022                     2021



Equity securities                                           100,851,313             115,635,048

Debt securities                                            174,205,450              160,377,098

Funds                                                      44,782,298                49,457,647

Wealth management products                                 20,575,405                 19,197,235




                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Loan and advances                                             247,496                  695,805

Total                                                      340,661,962              345,362,833




                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                   329
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Analysed as:


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2022                                2021



          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              155,242,430                         162,578,038

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                43,464,008                          35,365,407

          Unlisted                                                                               141,955,524                         147,419,388

          Total                                                                                 340,661,962                         345,362,833




          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the fund investments with lock-up periods in its investment portfolio held by
          the Group are RMB735 million and RMB177 million, respectively.

          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the listed equity securities held by the Group included approximately
          RMB10,529 million and RMB3,967 million of restricted shares, respectively. The restricted shares are listed in the PRC with a
          legally enforceable restriction on these securities that prevents the Group to dispose of within the specified period.

          The equity interest in unlisted securities held by the Group are issued by private companies. The value of the securities is
          measured by comparing with comparable companies that are listed and in the same sector or measured by using other
          valuation techniques.

          Non-current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments are expected to be realised or restricted for
          sale beyond one year from the end of the respective reporting periods. The fair value of the Group's investments in unlisted
          funds, which mainly invest in publicly traded equities listed in the PRC, are valued based on the net asset values of the funds
          calculated by the respective fund managers by reference to their underlying assets and liabilities' fair values.

          The fair value of the Group's investments in equity securities without restriction, exchange-listed funds and debt securities
          are determined with reference to their quoted prices as at reporting date.

          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group has entered into securities lending arrangement with clients that
          resulted in the transfer of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments with total fair value of RMB2,902
          million and RMB5,156 million to external clients, respectively, which did not result in derecognition of the financial assets. The
          fair value of collateral for the securities lending business is analysed in Note 37(c) together with the fair value of collateral of
          margin financing business.

          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or
          loss investments with a total fair value of RMB16,119 million and RMB856 million to CSF for the purpose of replacement,
          respectively.

          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
          investments with a total fair value of RMB109,936 million and RMB110,282 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement
          business, bond lending business and derivative business, respectively.

          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the wealth management products held by the Group included
          approximately RMB140 million and RMB105 million of restricted products, respectively. The restricted products are subscribed
          by the Group as the fund manager with a legally enforceable restriction on these products that prevents the Group to
          dispose of within the specified period.




330
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
32 Refundable deposits


                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                     2022                    2021



Deposits with stock exchanges

- Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                   5,286,738                60,334

- China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited    1,665,965               954,971

- Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                          65,987                   1,495



                                                                                                               About Us
- Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited                          94,329                   1,226

                                                                   7,113,019             1,018,026



Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges

- China Financial Futures Exchange                               14,761,044              12,116,762

- Shanghai Futures Exchange                                      5,954,846              3,523,566

- Dalian Commodity Exchange                                       4,402,818             2,955,805

- Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                                    2,932,216               2,210,118

- Shanghai International Energy Exchange                          1,039,029               503,373



                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
- Overseas commodity exchange                                        3,689                 34,945

                                                                 29,093,642             21,344,569




                                                                                                             and Strategies
Deposits with other institutions

- China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                    1,768,557              1,626,444

- Shanghai Clearing House                                           881,981               456,280

- Shanghai Gold Exchange                                               400                    400

- Others financial institutions                                   3,849,178               3,181,410

                                                                  6,500,116             5,264,534




                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Total                                                            42,706,777             27,627,129




                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                      331
332



      33 Deferred taxation
                                                                                                                                                                                         HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) The components of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and the movements during
      the year are as follows:


                                                                              Changes              Changes                Changes
                                                                        in fair value of     in fair value of       in fair value of         Intangible
                                     Provision for    Employee                 financial          derivative               financial             assets
                                     impairment        benefits            instruments              financial          instruments       recognised in
      Deferred tax arising from:           losses      payable       measured at FVTPL          instruments     measured at FVOCI       the acquisition         Others         Total



      As at 1 January 2022                 981,491       1,811,033             (1,181,623)           240,379                (34,248)           (1,181,118)   (2,600,424)   (1,964,510)

      Recognised in profit or loss        (136,261)     (73,987)                 1,150,221         (802,839)                       -           (97,092)          283,178      323,220

      Acquisition of subsidiaries             298               -                       -                   -                      -              10,702              -         11,000

      Recognised in reserves               (4,933)              -                       -                   -                 29,395                    -        (1,528)       22,934

      As at 31 December 2022              840,595       1,737,046                (31,402)          (562,460)                 (4,853)         (1,267,508)     (2,318,774)   (1,607,356)



      As at 1 January 2021                 857,752      1,782,677             (1,283,850)             181,924               (153,312)         (1,174,738)    (2,416,598)   (2,206,145)

      Recognised in profit or loss         123,894        28,356                  102,227             58,455                       -             64,722        (185,354)      192,300

      Acquisition of subsidiary                  -              -                       -                   -                      -             (71,102)             -       (71,102)

      Recognised in reserves                 (155)              -                       -                   -                 119,064                   -          1,528      120,437

      As at 31 December 2021               981,491       1,811,033             (1,181,623)           240,379                (34,248)           (1,181,118)   (2,600,424)   (1,964,510)
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(b) Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                         2022                                2021



Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
                                                                                       596,499                            654,651
 statement of financial position
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
 statement of financial position                                                    (2,203,855)                         (2,619,161)
Total                                                                               (1,607,356)                         (1,964,510)




                                                                                                                                               About Us
(c) Deferred tax assets not recognised

As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(19)(ii), the Group
has not recognised unused tax losses of RMB978 million and RMB935 million, respectively, as deferred tax assets, as it is not
probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction
and entity. Most of the tax losses will not expire under current tax legislation.




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
34 Other non-current assets



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                         2022                                2021



Leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses                                 300,664                            282,227




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
(b) The movements of leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses are as below:


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                         2022                                2021



At the beginning of the year                                                           282,227                            283,320

Additions                                                                                35,416                             41,363

Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                                       110,064                             77,333

Amortisation                                                                          (127,043)                          (88,859)




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Other decrease                                                                               -                           (30,930)

At the end of the year                                                                 300,664                            282,227




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                      333
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          35 Accounts receivable

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                  2022                                  2021



          Accounts receivable of:

            - Brokers, dealers and clearing house                                             2,085,396                            991,861

            - Fee and commission                                                               2,023,176                         1,859,488

            - Return swap and OTC options                                                       1,813,190                        5,988,041

            - Settlement                                                                       1,072,692                          444,084

            - Redemption of open-ended fund                                                      821,210                          1,007,777

            - Subscription receivable                                                               246                                 1,646

            - Others                                                                             56,962                                92,016

          Less: impairment losses                                                               (68,531)                          (97,739)

          Total                                                                                7,804,341                         10,287,174




          (b) Analysed by ageing:

          As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of accounts receivable, based on the trade date, is as follows:



                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                  2022                                  2021



          Within 1 month                                                                       5,374,289                         4,894,477

          1 to 3 months                                                                         607,064                             711,876

          Over 3 months                                                                        1,822,988                         4,680,821

          Total                                                                                7,804,341                         10,287,174




          (c) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                  2022                                  2021



          At the beginning of the year                                                           97,739                            63,300

          (Reversal) / charge for the year, net                                                (32,659)                            34,439

          Other                                                                                    3,451                                   -

          At the end of the year                                                                  68,531                            97,739




          (d) Accounts receivable that is not impaired

          Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired were relate to a wide range of customers for whom there was no
          recent history of default.

          The receivables from securities-backed lendings business are not included in accounts receivable.




334
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
36 Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                     2022                      2021



Prepayments                                                                        609,055                    822,411

Other receivables(1)                                                               549,635                  488,998



                                                                                                                                  About Us
Interest receivable(2)                                                              82,063                   180,664

Deductable VAT                                                                      57,657                    76,308

Deferred expenses                                                                    31,150                    25,211

Dividends receivable                                                                 11,326                    23,217

Others                                                                             816,643                   505,437

Total                                                                             2,157,529                 2,122,246




The balance of others mainly represents prepaid tax and commodity arising from normal course of business.


(1) Other receivables:                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                    As at 31 December                           and Strategies
                                                                                     2022                      2021



Other receivables                                                                  1,313,373                1,254,107

Less: impairment losses                                                           (763,738)                 (765,109)

Total                                                                              549,635                  488,998




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
Analysis of the movements of provision for other receivables impairment losses:



                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                     2022                      2021



At the beginning of the year                                                        765,109                  798,053

Reversal for the year, net                                                          (2,296)                  (31,413)

Written-off                                                                           (105)                    (1,531)




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Other                                                                                 1,030                         -

Total                                                                              763,738                   765,109




                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                         335
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Interest receivable:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2022                     2021



          Interest receivable                                                                     120,238                  217,610

          Less: impairment losses                                                                 (38,175)               (36,946)

          Total                                                                                    82,063                 180,664




          Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses of interest receivable:



                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2022                     2021



          At the beginning of the year                                                             36,946                  34,283

          Charge for the year, net                                                                   1,576                   2,663

          Other                                                                                     (347)                         -

          At the end of the year                                                                    38,175                 36,946




          37 Margin accounts receivable

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2022                     2021



          Individuals                                                                        89,173,576                107,203,947

          Institutions                                                                        13,001,155                11,652,609

          Less: impairment losses                                                           (1,526,356)                  (1,914,311)

          Total                                                                             100,648,375                116,942,245




          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2022                     2021



          At the beginning of the year                                                            1,914,311              1,468,251

          (Reversal) / charge for the year, net                                              (387,636)                   446,060

          Other                                                                                     (319)                         -

          At the end of the year                                                                 1,526,356                 1,914,311




336
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(c) The fair value of collateral for margin financing and securities lending business is analysed as
follows:


                                                                                            As at 31 December

                                                                                             2022                          2021



Fair value of collateral:

  Equity securities                                                                    283,187,260                  409,894,030

  Funds                                                                                 28,829,001                    38,617,145




                                                                                                                                              About Us
  Cash                                                                                   11,097,378                   17,893,342

  Debt securities                                                                         942,066                      1,103,497

Total                                                                                  324,055,705                  467,508,014




The Group evaluates the collectability of receivable from margin clients based on management's assessment on the credit
rating, collateral value and the past collection history of each margin client.



(d) Analysed by the stage of ECL of margin accounts receivable:

                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                                                                       As at 31 December 2022
                                                                  Lifetime ECL-not                 Lifetime ECL-
                                            12-month ECL           credit impaired               credit impaired          Total



Amortised cost                                 92,641,549                9,406,445                        126,737    102,174,731

Impairment losses                              (653,660)                 (745,959)                      (126,737)   (1,526,356)

Carrying amount                                91,987,889                8,660,486                              -   100,648,375

Collateral                                    305,714,498               18,336,643                         4,564    324,055,705




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                        As at 31 December 2021
                                                                  Lifetime ECL-not                  Lifetime ECL-
                                            12-month ECL           credit impaired               credit impaired          Total



Amortised cost                                  110,180,270              8,584,279                         92,007    118,856,556

Impairment losses                               (780,028)               (1,042,276)                      (92,007)      (1,914,311)

Carrying amount                                109,400,242               7,542,003                              -    116,942,245

Collateral                                    439,960,730                27,540,351                         6,933   467,508,014




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                     337
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          38 Derivative financial instruments


                                                                             As at 31 December 2022
                                                       Notional amount                                Fair value

                                                                                                Assets                    Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                        2,049,415,232                       1,210,893                  (1,014,318)

          Currency derivatives                               130,689,441                        368,568                  (1,298,573)

          Equity derivatives                                573,466,284                       14,176,581                (6,478,834)

          Credit derivatives                                   3,485,135                         20,452                      (3,023)

          Others                                             549,318,616                      1,350,559                  (1,971,027)

          Total                                            3,306,374,708                      17,127,053                (10,765,775)

          Less: settlement                                                                   (1,338,752)                   1,127,650

          Net position                                                                        15,788,301                 (9,638,125)




                                                                             As at 31 December 2021
                                                        Notional amount                               Fair value

                                                                                                Assets                    Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                           672,114,240                        90,322                   (1,337,816)

          Currency derivatives                                53,868,333                        479,737                   (868,927)

          Equity derivatives                                 593,376,992                      13,054,672                (10,585,895)

          Credit derivatives                                   3,648,567                         410,318                        (68)

          Others                                               88,218,718                      1,242,478                  (809,954)

          Total                                              1,411,226,850                    15,277,527                (13,602,660)

          Less: settlement                                                                      (29,722)                  2,959,438

          Net position                                                                        15,247,805                (10,643,222)




          Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group's position in interest rate
          swap contracts settled in Shanghai Clearing House, stock index futures and treasury futures settled in China Financial
          Futures Exchange and certain commodity futures traded through futures companies, were settled daily and the
          corresponding receipts and payments were included in "clearing settlement funds". Accordingly, the net position of the
          above contracts was nil as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.




338
                                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Cash flow hedges

The Group's cash flow hedges consist of interest swap and cross currency swap contracts that are used to protect against
exposures to variability of future cash flows.

Among the above derivative financial instruments, those designated hedging instruments in cash flow hedges are set out
below:



                                                                                 As at 31 December 2022

                                                                   Notional amount                                                               Fair value



                                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                                                Over 3 months         Over 1 year but
                            Within 3 months    but within 1 year       within 5 years        Over 5 years                Total            Assets                 Liabilities



Interest rate derivatives          1,392,920                   -                     -                    -           1,392,920             11,522                          -

Currency derivatives                      -                    -            3,025,000                     -        3,025,000                    31,121                      -

Total                              1,392,920                   -            3,025,000                     -           4,417,920            42,643                           -




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2021




                                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                                   Notional amount                                                               Fair value

                                                Over 3 months         Over 1 year but
                            Within 3 months    but within 1 year       within 5 years        Over 5 years                Total             Assets                 Liabilities




                                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Interest rate derivatives                 -                    -              1,275,160                   -            1,275,160                    -                (14,184)




Details of the Group's hedged risk exposures in cash flow hedges and the corresponding effect on equities are as follows:



                                                                                     As at 31 December 2022




                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                          Carrying amount of hedged items                        Effect of hedging             Accumulated
                                                                                                      instruments          effect of hedging
                                                                                                           on other             instruments
                                                                                                   comprehensive                     on other              Line items in the
                                                                                               income during the             comprehensive                     statement of
                                                    Assets                    Liabilities                      year                   income             financial position



Bonds                                                     -                  (5,844,230)                      56,827                  42,643             Long-term bonds




                                                                                      As at 31 December 2021

                                                    Carrying amount of hedged items               Effect of hedging             Accumulated




                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                                                                             instruments on other           effect of hedging
                                                                                                    comprehensive       instruments on other               Line items in the
                                                                                                income during the             comprehensive                   statement of
                                                    Assets                     Liabilities                     year                    income            financial position




                                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Bonds                                                      -                 (2,552,586)                      20,164                  (14,184)           Long-term bonds




                                                                                                                                                                                339
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          39 Clearing settlement funds


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022                               2021



          Deposits with stock exchanges

          - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited                      5,168,695                          8,118,615

          - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                       55,527                           200,287

          Deposits with other institutions                                                   3,492,284                           262,039

          Total                                                                               8,716,506                         8,580,941




          40 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients

          The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold clients' monies arising
          from its normal course of business. The Group has classified the brokerage clients' monies as cash held on behalf of
          brokerage clients under the current assets section of the consolidated statement of financial position, and recognised
          the corresponding accounts payable to the respective brokerage clients on the grounds that they are liable for any loss
          or misappropriation of their brokerage clients' monies. In the Mainland China, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage
          clients for their transaction and settlement funds is restricted and governed by the relevant third-party deposit regulations
          issued by the CSRC. In Hong Kong, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage clients is restricted and governed by the
          Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.



          41 Cash and Bank balances

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022                               2021



          Cash on hand                                                                              203                              208

          Bank balances                                                                      45,181,375                        37,238,750

          Less: impairment losses                                                                (833)                             (1,157)

          Total                                                                              45,180,745                        37,237,801




          Bank balances mainly comprise time and demand deposits which bear interest at the prevailing market rates.


          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022                               2021



          At the beginning of the year                                                            1,157                             1,430

          Reversal of impairment for the year                                                     (351)                            (273)

          Other Changes                                                                              27                                 -

          At the end of the year                                                                    833                              1,157




340
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
42 Cash and cash equivalents

(a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                         2022                       2021



Cash on hand                                                                               203                        208

Bank balances                                                                        45,102,385                37,203,291



                                                                                                                                      About Us
Clearing settlement funds                                                             8,716,492                 8,580,920
Financial assets held under resale agreements within
                                                                                    26,635,065                   4,191,977
  3 months original maturity
Bond investment within 3 months original maturity                                       79,878                    388,187
Less: restricted bank deposits and bank deposits with
                                                                                    (4,984,963)                (4,463,221)
       original maturity of more than three months
Total                                                                               75,549,060                 45,901,362




The restricted bank deposits mainly include deposits reserved for VAT payable of asset management plans, minimum liquid


                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
capital restriction deposits, risk reserve deposits and securities underwriting brokerage deposits.




                                                                                                                                    and Strategies




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             341
342



      (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

      The following table details changes in the Group's liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           HUATAI SECURITIES


      which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.



                                                     Liabilities arising from financing activities
                                       Short-term                                                                                                                                                                  Non-
                                             debt     Long-term        Short-term        Long-term           Lease                       Share      Other equity     Treasury       Capital     Retained     controlling
                                      instruments         bonds        bank loans        bank loans      liabilities      Subtotal      capital     instruments        shares       reserve       profits      interests          Total


      At 1 January 2022                53,598,658      133,338,427        8,492,290           722,816    1,230,555      197,382,746    9,076,650       9,996,425    (1,231,547)   70,562,359    35,559,779     3,612,974   324,959,386
      Changes from financing
       cash flows
      Proceeds from issuance            50,182,816      40,125,807         7,948,721         804,903               -     99,062,247            -        9,197,373            -            -             -              -    108,259,620

      Repayment of borrowings         (78,041,627)    (35,137,090)      (8,487,624)         (722,816)              -   (122,389,157)           -               -             -            -             -              -   (122,389,157)

      Interest paid                      (914,870)     (4,877,102)          (113,531)        (39,067)              -    (5,944,570)            -               -             -            -             -              -    (5,944,570)

      Payment of lease liabilities              -                 -                -                 -   (568,238)       (568,238)             -               -             -            -             -              -     (568,238)

      Dividend paid                             -                 -                -                 -             -              -            -               -             -            -    (4,455,564)             -   (4,455,564)
      Acquisition of partial
                                                -                 -                -                 -             -              -            -               -             -     (182,476)            -    (1,407,524)    (1,590,000)
       interest of a subsidiary
      Acquisition of treasury
                                                -                 -                -                 -             -              -       (1,061)              -             -       (8,169)            -              -        (9,230)
       shares
      Total changes from
                                      (28,773,681)           111,615      (652,434)            43,020    (568,238)     (29,839,718)       (1,061)       9,197,373            -     (190,645)   (4,455,564)   (1,407,524)   (26,697,139)
        financing cash flows
      Other changes

      Interest expenses                   899,652       4,454,208            157,578           39,067        53,716       5,604,221            -               -             -            -             -              -      5,604,221

      New leases                                -                 -                -                 -     802,552         802,552             -               -             -            -             -              -       802,552

      Exchange differences                 47,975         1,515,088                -                 -             -      1,563,063            -               -             -            -             -              -      1,563,063
      Total liability-related other
        changes                           947,627       5,969,296            157,578           39,067      856,268        7,969,836            -               -             -            -             -              -      7,969,836
      Total equity-related other
        changes                                 -                 -                -                 -             -              -            -           6,202        29,223       110,345     6,819,085      556,058       7,520,913
      At 31 December 2022               25,772,604     139,419,338        7,997,434          804,903      1,518,585     175,512,864    9,075,589      19,200,000    (1,202,324)   70,482,059    37,923,300     2,761,508    313,752,996
                                                       Liabilities arising from financing activities
                                       Short-term                                                                                                                                                                    Non-
                                             debt        Long-term        Short-term       Long-term          Lease                        Share     Other equity    Treasury        Capital    Retained       controlling
                                      instruments            bonds        bank loans       bank loans      liabilities      Subtotal      capital    instruments       shares        reserve      profits        interests          Total


      At 1 January 2021                  43,951,388       97,053,188        11,299,859          475,414    1,248,799      154,028,648    9,076,650              -   (1,626,546)    70,750,052   28,998,618       3,240,535   264,467,957
      Changes from financing
       cash flows
      Proceeds from issuance            129,076,996       56,580,701                 -          247,402              -    185,905,099           -       9,996,425             -            -              -              -    195,901,524

      Repayment of borrowings          (119,467,596)      (21,310,001)     (2,795,165)                 -             -   (143,572,762)          -               -             -            -              -              -   (143,572,762)

      Interest paid                       (827,947)       (3,435,757)        (126,999)         (22,956)              -     (4,413,659)          -               -             -            -              -              -     (4,413,659)

      Payment of lease liabilities                -                 -                -                 -   (462,158)        (462,158)           -               -             -            -              -              -      (462,158)

      Dividend paid                               -                 -                -                 -             -              -           -               -             -            -    (3,612,549)              -     (3,612,549)
      Acquisition of partial
                                                  -                 -                -                 -             -              -           -               -     (48,964)             -              -              -       (48,964)
       interest of a subsidiary
      Restricted Share Incentive
                                                  -                 -                -                 -             -              -           -               -       413,941            -              -              -         413,941
        Scheme of A Shares
      Total changes from
                                          8,781,453       31,834,943       (2,922,164)          224,446    (462,158)       37,456,520           -       9,996,425      364,977             -    (3,612,549)              -     44,205,373
        financing cash flows
      Other changes

      Interest expenses                     865,817        4,450,296           114,595           22,956       48,242        5,501,906           -               -             -            -              -              -      5,501,906

      New leases                                  -                 -                -                 -     395,672          395,672           -               -             -            -              -              -        395,672
      Total liability-related other
        changes                             865,817        4,450,296           114,595           22,956      443,914        5,897,578           -               -             -            -              -              -      5,897,578
      Total equity-related other
        changes                                   -                 -                -                 -             -              -           -               -       30,022      (187,693)     10,173,710       372,439     10,388,478
      At 31 December 2021               53,598,658       133,338,427        8,492,290            722,816   1,230,555      197,382,746    9,076,650      9,996,425    (1,231,547)   70,562,359   35,559,779       3,612,974   324,959,386




343
                                        Financial Report and                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                                           Corporate Governance                                                                        About Us                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                                            and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          43 Short-term bank loans


                                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                                 2022                                       2021



          Credit loans                                                                     7,711,588                                   8,492,290

          Pledged loans                                                                     285,846                                            -

          Total                                                                           7,997,434                                    8,492,290




          As of 31 December 2022, the interest rates for short-term loans were in the range of 4.60% - 5.83% per annum (as of 31
          December 2021: 0.8% - 1.35% per annum).



          44 Short-term debt instruments issued

          As at 31 December 2022



          Name                                 Par value     Issuance date         Due date                Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                        Original currency                                               Original currency



          21 HUATAI S2                     RMB4,000,000          28/6/2021         28/6/2022               RMB4,000,000                    2.95%

          21 HUATAI S3                     RMB2,000,000           9/7/2021         22/2/2022               RMB2,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUATAI S4                     RMB4,000,000           9/7/2021          9/7/2022               RMB4,000,000                    2.87%

          21 HUATAI S5                     RMB3,000,000           19/7/2021        19/7/2022               RMB3,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUATAI S6                     RMB4,000,000           9/8/2021          11/2/2022              RMB4,000,000                    2.55%

          21 HUATAI S7                     RMB4,000,000          16/8/2021         20/1/2022               RMB4,000,000                    2.51%

          21 HUATAI S9                      RMB2,300,000          6/12/2021         8/6/2022                RMB2,300,000                   2.64%

          21 HUA S10                        RMB2,700,000          6/12/2021        25/11/2022               RMB2,700,000                   2.70%

          21 HUA S11                       RMB2,000,000          13/12/2021        13/5/2022               RMB2,000,000                    2.62%

          21 HUA S12                        RMB1,000,000         21/12/2021        21/9/2022                RMB1,000,000                   2.70%

          21 HUA S13                       RMB4,000,000          21/12/2021        21/12/2022              RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUA S14                       RMB4,000,000         29/12/2021         29/11/2022              RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          22 HUATAI F1                     RMB4,000,000           17/1/2022         17/1/2024              RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          22 HUATAI S1                     RMB5,000,000           9/8/2022          9/11/2022              RMB5,000,000                    1.65%

          22 HUATAI S2                     RMB5,000,000          19/8/2022         17/2/2023               RMB5,000,000                    1.78%

           HUATAI B2203a                      USD100,000         23/3/2021         21/3/2022                  USD100,000                   0.35%

           HUATAI B2206                       USD100,000          11/6/2021         9/6/2022                  USD100,000                   0.70%

           HUATAI B2203b                     HKD300,000           7/12/2021        10/3/2022                 HKD300,000                    0.55%

           HUATAI B2203c                       USD30,000        29/12/2021         29/3/2022                   USD30,000                   0.65%

           HUATAI B2204a                      USD100,000          18/1/2022        18/4/2022                  USD100,000                   0.65%

           HUATAI B2204b                       USD60,000         24/1/2022         25/4/2022                   USD60,000                   0.65%

           HUATAI B2207                       USD100,000         28/1/2022         28/7/2022                  USD100,000                   0.80%

           HUATAI B2205a                       USD20,000         10/2/2022         10/5/2022                   USD20,000                   1.05%

           HUATAI B2204c                       USD50,000         25/2/2022         25/4/2022                   USD50,000                   0.70%

           HUATAI B2212a                      USD100,000         24/3/2022        23/12/2022                  USD100,000                   1.00%

           HUATAI B2212b                      USD100,000         24/3/2022        23/12/2022                  USD100,000                   1.00%

           HUATAI B2212c                      USD50,000          24/3/2022        23/12/2022                  USD50,000                    1.00%

           HUATAI B2209a                      USD50,000          24/3/2022         23/9/2022                  USD50,000                    1.65%

           HUATAI B2209b                      USD50,000          25/3/2022         26/9/2022                  USD50,000                    0.95%

           HUATAI B2304a                      USD100,000          7/4/2022          6/4/2023                  USD100,000                   1.50%

           HUATAI B2304b                      USD100,000          7/4/2022          6/4/2023                  USD100,000                   1.50%

           HUATAI B2304c                      USD100,000          7/4/2022          6/4/2023                  USD100,000                   1.50%




344
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Name                          Par value    Issuance date     Due date       Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                       Original currency                                 Original currency



HUATAI B2209c                 USD30,000         6/4/2022    30/9/2022           USD30,000                   1.75%

HUATAI B2211a                 USD50,000         5/5/2022     4/11/2022          USD50,000                   2.04%

HUATAI B2211b                 USD18,000        10/5/2022    10/11/2022          USD18,000                   2.15%

HUATAI B2211c                 USD50,000         5/5/2022     4/11/2022          USD50,000                   1.75%

HUATAI B2208a                 USD60,000         4/5/2022     4/8/2022           USD60,000                   1.25%

HUATAI B2305a                 USD50,000        27/5/2022    25/5/2023           USD50,000                   2.85%

HUATAI B2302a                 USD50,000        27/5/2022    28/2/2023           USD50,000                   2.81%


                                                                                                                              About Us
HUATAI B2208b                 USD30,000         2/6/2022     31/8/2022          USD30,000                   2.00%

HUATAI B2208c                 USD20,000         2/6/2022     12/8/2022          USD20,000                   1.90%

HUATAI B2306                 USD100,000        10/6/2022     8/6/2023          USD100,000                   2.86%

HUATAI B2205b               HKD280,000         10/2/2022    10/5/2022         HKD280,000                    1.00%

HUATAI B2209d               HKD800,000          1/4/2022    30/9/2022         HKD800,000                    0.65%

HUATAI B2211d               HKD300,000         10/5/2022    10/11/2022        HKD300,000                    1.50%

HUATAI B2211e               HKD490,000         13/5/2022    14/11/2022        HKD490,000                    1.73%

HUATAI B2302b               HKD300,000         13/5/2022     13/2/2023        HKD300,000                    2.15%




                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2212d                 USD75,000        10/8/2022    23/12/2022          USD75,000                   3.00%

HUATAI B2308                  USD15,000        10/8/2022     9/8/2023           USD15,000                   3.00%




                                                                                                                            and Strategies
HUATAI B2211f               HKD300,000         10/8/2022    10/11/2022        HKD300,000                    2.00%

HUATAI B2212e                 USD50,800        20/9/2022    20/12/2022          USD50,800                   3.83%

HUATAI B2302d                 USD18,000        14/11/2022   14/2/2023           USD18,000                   5.75%

HUATAI B2302e               HKD300,000         14/11/2022   14/2/2023         HKD300,000                    5.75%

HUATAI B2302f                 USD10,700        16/11/2022   16/2/2023           USD10,700                   0.00%

HUATAI B2302g               HKD496,000         16/11/2022   16/2/2023         HKD496,000                    5.50%

HUATAI B2302h                  USD5,499        18/11/2022    17/2/2023           USD5,499                   0.00%

HUATAI B 2311                USD40,000         23/11/2022   22/11/2023         USD40,000                    6.05%




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2302i                 HKD23,390        18/11/2022    17/2/2023          HKD23,390                   0.00%

HUATAI B2302j                HKD150,000        22/11/2022   22/2/2023          HKD150,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2302k                  USD8,580       25/11/2022    24/2/2023            USD8,580                   0.00%

HUATAI B2302l                USD100,000       29/11/2022    27/2/2023          USD100,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2302m                USD50,000        29/11/2022    27/2/2023          USD50,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2303a                  USD4,839         1/12/2022     1/3/2023           USD4,839                   0.00%

HUATAI B2303b                 HKD14,000         1/12/2022     1/3/2023          HKD14,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2303c                 USD10,000        6/12/2022     3/3/2023           USD10,000                   5.70%

HUATAI B2306b                 USD62,000       15/12/2022    15/6/2023           USD62,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2306c                 USD32,300       29/12/2022    29/6/2023           USD32,300                   5.60%

HUATAI B2211g                USD150,000       30/8/2022     28/11/2022         USD150,000                   0.00%




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
HUATAI B2312                RMB440,000        13/12/2022    12/12/2023        RMB440,000                    3.49%

Structured notes (1)       RMB9,062,109          Note (1)     Note (1)       RMB9,062,109                 Note (1)




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                     345
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          Book value as at 1                                  Book value as at 31
          Name                January 2022       Increase       Decrease         December 2022
                                       RMB            RMB            RMB                    RMB
                                 equivalent     equivalent     equivalent             equivalent



          21 HUATAI S2             4,059,983        58,017     (4,118,000)                      -

          21 HUATAI S3              2,026,317        8,039     (2,034,356)                      -

          21 HUATAI S4             4,054,931        59,869     (4,114,800)                      -

          21 HUATAI S5             3,037,258        45,242     (3,082,500)                      -

          21 HUATAI S6             4,040,306         11,672    (4,051,978)                      -

          21 HUATAI S7             4,037,785          5,401    (4,043,186)                      -

          21 HUATAI S9             2,304,244        26,366     (2,330,610)                      -

          21 HUA S10               2,705,095        65,608     (2,770,703)                      -

          21 HUA S11               2,002,676        19,002     (2,021,678)                      -

          21 HUA S12               1,000,798         19,470    (1,020,268)                      -

          21 HUA S13               4,003,253       106,747     (4,110,000)                      -

          21 HUA S14               4,000,887       100,072     (4,100,959)                      -

          22 HUATAI F1                     -      4,105,269              -              4,105,269

          22 HUATAI S1                     -     5,020,795     (5,020,795)                      -

          22 HUATAI S2                     -      5,032,777              -              5,032,777

          HUATAI B2203a             636,859         62,025      (698,884)                       -

          HUATAI B2206               639,724        61,585       (701,309)                      -

          HUATAI B2203b             245,294         23,072      (268,366)                       -

          HUATAI B2203c               191,212        18,061     (209,273)                       -

          HUATAI B2204a                    -       697,576      (697,576)                       -

          HUATAI B2204b                    -       418,553       (418,553)                      -

          HUATAI B2207                     -       699,223      (699,223)                       -

          HUATAI B2205a                    -       139,649       (139,649)                      -

          HUATAI B2204c                    -       348,624      (348,624)                       -

          HUATAI B2212a                    -       701,688       (701,688)                      -

          HUATAI B2212b                    -       701,688       (701,688)                      -

          HUATAI B2212c                    -       350,844      (350,844)                       -

          HUATAI B2209a                    -         351,111      (351,111)                     -

          HUATAI B2209b                    -       349,907      (349,907)                       -

          HUATAI B2304a                    -       697,585               -               697,585

          HUATAI B2304b                    -       697,585               -               697,585

          HUATAI B2304c                    -       697,585               -               697,585

          HUATAI B2209c                    -         210,711      (210,711)                     -

          HUATAI B2211a                    -        351,792      (351,792)                      -

          HUATAI B2211b                    -        126,722      (126,722)                      -

          HUATAI B2211c                    -       351,285       (351,285)                      -

          HUATAI B2208a                    -        419,193      (419,193)                      -

          HUATAI B2305a                    -       354,025               -                354,025

          HUATAI B2302a                    -       354,203               -                354,203

          HUATAI B2208b                    -       209,968      (209,968)                       -

          HUATAI B2208c                    -       139,807       (139,807)                      -

          HUATAI B2306                     -        707,321              -                707,321

          HUATAI B2205b                    -       250,734      (250,734)                       -

          HUATAI B2209d                    -       716,956       (716,956)                      -

          HUATAI B2211d                    -       270,016       (270,016)                      -

          HUATAI B2211e                    -       441,555       (441,555)                      -

          HUATAI B2302b                    -        271,621              -                 271,621

          HUATAI B2212d                    -        528,141      (528,141)                      -

          HUATAI B2308                     -       105,092               -                105,092




346
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                       Book value as at 1                                  Book value as at 31
Name                       January 2022       Increase       Decrease         December 2022
                                    RMB            RMB            RMB                    RMB
                              equivalent     equivalent     equivalent             equivalent



HUATAI B2211f                           -       269,341       (269,341)                      -

HUATAI B2212e                           -       357,180       (357,180)                      -

HUATAI B2302d                           -        126,321              -                 126,321

HUATAI B2302e                           -       269,950               -               269,950

HUATAI B2302f                           -        74,030               -                 74,030

HUATAI B2302g                           -       445,902               -               445,902


                                                                                                           About Us
HUATAI B2302h                           -         38,132              -                 38,132

HUATAI B 2311                           -        279,817              -                279,817

HUATAI B2302i                           -        20,749               -                 20,749

HUATAI B2302j                           -        132,878              -                132,878

HUATAI B2302k                           -        59,279               -                 59,279

HUATAI B2302l                           -       690,163               -                690,163

HUATAI B2302m                           -       345,082               -               345,082

HUATAI B2303a                           -        33,398               -                 33,398




                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2303b                           -         12,390              -                 12,390

HUATAI B2303c                           -         69,931              -                 69,931

HUATAI B2306b                           -       420,182               -                420,182



                                                                                                         and Strategies
HUATAI B2306c                           -       225,057               -                225,057

HUATAI B2211g                           -      1,044,690    (1,044,690)                      -

HUATAI B2312                            -       440,604               -               440,604

Structured notes (1)            14,612,036    18,265,519    (23,811,879)             9,065,676

Total                         53,598,658      51,130,444   (78,956,498)             25,772,604




                                                                                                           Corporate Governance




                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                  347
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2021



          Name                            Par value    Issuance date      Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                   Original currency



          20 HUATAI G5                 RMB2,300,000       18/06/2020      18/06/2021       RMB2,300,000                    2.58%

          20 HUATAI S1                 RMB5,500,000       31/08/2020      31/08/2021       RMB5,500,000                     3.10%

          20 HUATAI S2                 RMB1,500,000       31/08/2020     28/05/2021        RMB1,500,000                    3.05%

          20 HUATAI S3                 RMB5,000,000        11/09/2020     11/08/2021       RMB5,000,000                    3.20%

          20 HUATAI S4                 RMB4,000,000        17/09/2020     17/04/2021       RMB4,000,000                    3.15%

          20 HUATAI CP010              RMB5,000,000        15/12/2020     15/03/2021       RMB4,000,000                    2.94%

          21 HUATAI CP001              RMB3,000,000        25/01/2021    25/04/2021        RMB3,000,000                    2.48%

          21 HUATAI CP002              RMB3,000,000        27/01/2021    27/04/2021        RMB3,000,000                    2.42%

          21 HUATAI CP003              RMB3,000,000       09/03/2021     07/06/2021        RMB3,000,000                    2.68%

          21 HUATAI CP004              RMB4,000,000       25/06/2021     23/09/2021        RMB4,000,000                    2.40%

          21 HUATAI CP005              RMB4,000,000        15/07/2021     13/10/2021       RMB4,000,000                    2.15%

          21 HUATAI CP006              RMB3,000,000        22/07/2021     20/10/2021       RMB3,000,000                    2.15%

          21 HUATAI S2                 RMB4,000,000       28/06/2021     26/09/2021        RMB4,000,000                    2.95%

          21 HUATAI S3                 RMB2,000,000       09/07/2021     22/02/2022        RMB2,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUATAI S4                 RMB4,000,000       09/07/2021     09/07/2022        RMB4,000,000                    2.87%

          21 HUATAI S5                 RMB3,000,000        19/07/2021    19/07/2022        RMB3,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUATAI S6                 RMB4,000,000       09/08/2021      11/02/2022       RMB4,000,000                    2.55%

          21 HUATAI S7                 RMB4,000,000        16/08/2021    20/01/2022        RMB4,000,000                    2.51%

          21 HUATAI S8                 RMB3,000,000       26/08/2021      09/11/2021       RMB3,000,000                    2.40%

          21 HUATAI S9                 RMB2,300,000        06/12/2021    08/06/2022        RMB2,300,000                    2.64%

          21 HUA S10                   RMB2,700,000        06/12/2021     25/11/2022       RMB2,700,000                    2.70%

          21 HUA S11                   RMB2,000,000         13/12/2021   13/05/2022        RMB2,000,000                    2.62%

          21 HUA S12                   RMB1,000,000         21/12/2021   21/09/2022        RMB1,000,000                    2.70%

          21 HUA S13                   RMB4,000,000         21/12/2021    21/12/2022       RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUA S14                   RMB4,000,000        29/12/2021     29/11/2022       RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          HUATAI B2111                    USD50,000        27/11/2020     26/11/2021          USD50,000                    0.50%

          HUATAI B2112                    USD60,000       03/02/2021      28/12/2021          USD60,000                    1.35%

          HUATAI B2108a                   USD20,000        10/02/2021     10/08/2021          USD20,000                    1.23%

          HUATAI B2203                   USD100,000       23/03/2021     21/03/2022          USD100,000                    0.35%

          HUATAI B2108b                   USD35,000        12/05/2021     12/08/2021          USD35,000                    0.50%

          HUATAI B2112b                  USD100,000       02/06/2021      02/12/2021         USD100,000                    0.60%

          HUATAI B2206                   USD100,000        11/06/2021    09/06/2022          USD100,000                    0.70%

          HUATAI B2111b                  HKD300,000       27/08/2021      26/11/2021        HKD300,000                     0.50%

          HUATAI B2203b                 HKD300,000         07/12/2021    10/03/2022         HKD300,000                     0.55%

          HUATAI B2203c                   USD30,000        29/12/2021    29/03/2022           USD30,000                    0.65%

          Structured notes (1)         RMB14,605,615          Note (1)      Note (1)       RMB14,605,615                 Note (1)




348
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                   Book value as at                                                         Book value as at
Name                                 1 January 2021               Increase                Decrease         31 December 2021
                                               RMB                     RMB                     RMB                      RMB
                                         equivalent              equivalent              equivalent               equivalent



20 HUATAI G5                                2,331,813                 27,527             (2,359,340)                        -

20 HUATAI S1                               5,557,300                 113,208             (5,670,508)                        -

20 HUATAI S2                                1,515,375                 18,937               (1,534,312)                      -

20 HUATAI S3                               5,053,333                 97,634               (5,150,967)                       -

20 HUATAI S4                              4,042,000                   37,100              (4,079,100)                       -

20 HUATAI CP010                           5,006,847                  29,400              (5,036,247)                        -


                                                                                                                                          About Us
21 HUATAI CP001                                    -               3,018,345              (3,018,345)                       -

21 HUATAI CP002                                    -                3,017,901              (3,017,901)                      -

21 HUATAI CP003                                    -               3,019,825              (3,019,825)                       -

21 HUATAI CP004                                    -               4,023,671              (4,023,671)                       -

21 HUATAI CP005                                    -               4,021,205              (4,021,205)                       -

21 HUATAI CP006                                    -               3,015,904              (3,015,904)                       -

21 HUATAI S2                                       -              4,059,983                         -              4,059,983

21 HUATAI S3                                       -               2,026,317                        -               2,026,317




                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
21 HUATAI S4                                       -               4,054,931                        -               4,054,931

21 HUATAI S5                                       -               3,037,258                        -               3,037,258

21 HUATAI S6                                       -              4,040,306                         -              4,040,306



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
21 HUATAI S7                                       -               4,037,785                        -               4,037,785

21 HUATAI S8                                       -                3,014,761              (3,014,761)                      -

21 HUATAI S9                                       -               2,304,244                        -               2,304,244

21 HUA S10                                         -               2,705,095                        -               2,705,095

21 HUA S11                                         -               2,002,676                        -               2,002,676

21 HUA S12                                         -               1,000,798                        -               1,000,798

21 HUA S13                                         -               4,003,253                        -               4,003,253




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
21 HUA S14                                         -              4,000,887                         -               4,000,887

HUATAI B2111                                323,745                    1,434                (325,179)                       -

HUATAI B2112                                       -                386,378                (386,378)                        -

HUATAI B2108a                                      -                 128,025                (128,025)                       -

HUATAI B2203                                       -                636,859                         -                636,859

HUATAI B2108b                                      -                223,308                (223,308)                        -

HUATAI B2112b                                      -                 638,159               (638,159)                        -

HUATAI B2206                                       -                639,724                         -                639,724

HUATAI B2111b                                      -                245,586                (245,586)                        -

HUATAI B2203b                                      -                245,294                         -                245,294

HUATAI B2203c                                      -                  191,212                       -                  191,212




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Structured notes (1)                      20,120,975             65,875,960              (71,384,899)               14,612,036

Total                                     43,951,388             129,940,890            (120,293,620)             53,598,658




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
(1) During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has issued 1,705 tranches of structured notes, bearing interest
ranging from 1.80% to 6.58% per annum, repayable within 1 year. Structured notes repayable more than 1 year are classified
as "Long-term bonds" (Note 53). (During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company has issued 3,849 tranches of
structured notes, bearing interest ranging from 2.00% to 6.58% per annum).




                                                                                                                                 349
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          45 Placements from other financial institutions


          Current



                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2022                              2021



          Placements from banks                                                              25,877,713                         14,018,721




          As at 31 December 2022, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of 1.96% -5.51% per annum, with
          maturities within 66 days (as at 31 December 2021: bearing interest of 0.25% - 3.10% per annum, with maturities within 132
          days).



          46 Accounts payable to brokerage clients

          Current



                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2022                              2021



          Clients' deposits for brokerage trading                                            133,173,079                      127,624,066

          Clients' deposits for margin financing and securities lending                      19,378,644                        19,877,767

          Total                                                                             152,551,723                       147,501,833




          Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the monies received from and repayable to brokerage clients, which are
          mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage clients are interest-bearing at
          the prevailing interest rate.

          The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayable on demand except where certain accounts payable to
          brokerage clients represent monies received from clients for their margin financing activities under normal course of
          business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excess amounts over the required margin deposits and
          cash collateral stipulated are repayable on demand.

          No aging analysis is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the aging analysis does not give additional
          value in view of the nature of these businesses.




350
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
47 Employee benefits payable

Non-current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022                              2021



Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                   6,588,448                         7,057,339




                                                                                                                                         About Us
Current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022                              2021



Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                   4,755,421                        5,330,529

Contribution to pension scheme                                                         4,251                            3,371

Other social welfare                                                               544,505                           423,698



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Total                                                                              5,304,177                       5,757,598




                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
48 Other payables and accruals

Non-current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2022                              2021




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Lease liabilities

1 to 2 years (inclusive)                                                            537,830                          424,798

2 to 5 years (inclusive)                                                            417,309                          473,956

After 5 years                                                                        70,779                             1,545

Total                                                                              1,025,918                         900,299




The Group's leases are mainly land and buildings for operations. Most lease contracts are entered into terms from 1 year to
5 years.

(1) During year of 2022, the expenses related to short-term leases and low-value leases of RMB42 million (2021: RMB41




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
million) were recognised in profit or loss.

(2) As at 31 December 2022, the cash flows of lease contracts signed by the Group but lease not yet commenced are




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
insignificant.




                                                                                                                                351
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2022                              2021



          Trade payable                                                                      92,616,101                       84,166,271

          Payable to brokers, dealers and clearing house                                     6,765,938                        13,443,598

          Payable to open-ended funds                                                        5,359,599                          5,441,731

          Other tax payable                                                                   474,463                           790,446

          Restrictive repurchase obligation                                                   366,523                           395,746

          Dividend payable of pledged exchangeable bond                                              -                          372,768

          Lease liabilities                                                                   492,667                           330,256

          Fee and commission payable                                                           120,537                          253,680

          Futures risk reserve                                                                209,833                            178,120

          Payable to outsourcing service                                                       187,423                           120,474

          Payable to the securities investor protection fund                                   63,090                            68,238

          Payable to interest holders of consolidated structured entities (1)                        -                           44,954

          Funds payable to securities issuers                                                  150,460                           38,747

          Payable for office building construction                                              27,794                            35,315

          Redemption payables                                                                      142                            26,761

          Dividend payable                                                                     107,327                            13,097

          Others (2)                                                                          1,154,675                         900,553

          Total                                                                            108,096,572                       106,620,755




          (1) The financial liabilities arising from the consolidated structured entities with underlying investments in money market
          and fixed income instruments are classified as other payables and accruals in these consolidated financial statements. It is
          because the Group has an obligation to pay other investors upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on the net
          book value and related terms of those consolidated asset management schemes.

          (2) The balance of others mainly represents payable to brokerage agents and sundry payables arising from normal course
          of business.




352
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
49 Contract liabilities


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                    2022                      2021



Advance fee and commission                                                        210,394                   190,581

Advance consideration from commodity trading                                        8,549                   75,056

Total                                                                             218,943                  265,637




50 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                                                            About Us


(a) Analysed by collateral type:


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                    2022                      2021




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Debt securities                                                               128,090,388               104,067,070

Equity securities                                                               11,960,616               17,565,523




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Precious metal                                                                  4,066,994                9,077,408

Total                                                                          144,117,998               130,710,001




As at 31 December 2022, the Group's pledged collateral in connection with financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements amounted to RMB164,709 million (as at 31 December 2021: RMB144,064 million).


(b) Analysed by market:




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                    2022                      2021



Inter-bank market                                                              68,008,692               60,896,105

Shanghai stock exchange                                                        39,055,352                26,817,766

Shenzhen stock exchange                                                         10,751,999               6,059,992

Over-the-counter                                                               26,301,955                36,936,138

Total                                                                          144,117,998               130,710,001




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                       353
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          51 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

          Non-current




                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2022                                2021



          Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                 5,569,938                          2,833,456




          Current



                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                   2022                                2021




          Financial liabilities held for trading                                               36,507,296                           27,171,191

          Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                 6,498,325                            1,118,271

          Total                                                                                43,005,621                         28,289,462




          In the consolidated financial statements, the financial liabilities arising from consolidation of structured entities and private
          funds with the underlying investments related to listed equity investments in active markets and unlisted equity investments
          are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to pay other investors
          or limited partners upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on net book value and related terms of those
          consolidated asset management schemes or private equity funds.

          In the consolidated financial statements, certain structured notes are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the
          Group, as the host contracts of structured notes contains embedded derivatives.

          In the consolidated financial statements, a bond is designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the
          designation can significantly reduce the accounting mismatch.

          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, there were no significant fair value changes related to the changes in the
          credit risk of the Group, respectively.




354
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
52 Long-term bonds due within one year

As at 31 December 2022



Name                            Par value          Issuance date                   Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                                     Original currency



13 HUATAI 02                RMB6,000,000                5/6/2013                   5/6/2023        RMB6,000,000                     5.10%

18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000              26/11/2018                 26/11/2023        RMB1,000,000                    4.17%

19 HUATAI G1                 RMB7,000,000              19/3/2019                   19/3/2022       RMB7,000,000                     3.68%


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
19 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000               22/4/2019                  22/4/2022        RMB5,000,000                     3.80%

19 HUATAI 02                RMB5,000,000               27/5/2019                  27/5/2022        RMB5,000,000                    3.94%

19 HUATAI 03                RMB4,000,000              24/10/2019                  24/10/2022       RMB4,000,000                    3.68%

20 HUATAI G1                RMB8,000,000               26/3/2020                  26/3/2023        RMB8,000,000                     2.99%

20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000              18/6/2020                   18/6/2023       RMB3,200,000                     3.10%

20 HUATAI G7                RMB3,500,000              24/11/2020                  24/11/2023       RMB3,500,000                    3.90%

20 HUATAI G8                RMB4,000,000               9/12/2020                   9/12/2022       RMB4,000,000                     3.67%

20 HUATAI G9                RMB4,000,000               9/12/2020                   9/12/2023       RMB4,000,000                     3.79%




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
19 Finance 01               RMB6,000,000               21/8/2019                   21/8/2022       RMB6,000,000                    3.40%

HUATAI B2205c                 USD500,000               23/5/2019                  23/5/2022          USD500,000                     3.38%




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
HUATAI B2302c                 USD400,000               12/2/2020                   12/2/2023         USD400,000             LIBOR + 0.95%

Structured notes (1)            RMB121,154               Note (1)                   Note (1)           RMB121,154                Note (1)




                             Book value as at 1                                                                       Book value as at 31
Name                             January 2022                        Increase                   Decrease                 December 2022
                                          RMB                             RMB                        RMB                            RMB
                                    equivalent                      equivalent                 equivalent                     equivalent




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
13 HUATAI 02                                  -                      6,483,782                   (306,000)                       6,177,782

18 HUATAI G2                                  -                       1,045,569                   (41,700)                      1,003,869

19 HUATAI G1                          7,201,826                         55,774                 (7,257,600)                              -

19 HUATAI G3                          5,130,878                          59,122                (5,190,000)                              -

19 HUATAI 02                           5,116,891                        80,109                 (5,197,000)                              -

19 HUATAI 03                          4,026,648                        120,552                  (4,147,200)                             -

20 HUATAI G1                                  -                       8,421,856                  (239,200)                      8,182,656

20 HUATAI G6                                  -                      3,350,853                    (99,200)                      3,251,653

20 HUATAI G7                                  -                       3,650,190                  (136,500)                      3,513,690

20 HUATAI G8                          4,008,705                        138,095                 (4,146,800)                              -

20 HUATAI G9                                  -                       4,160,721                   (151,600)                      4,009,121




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
19 Finance 01                         6,073,407                        130,593                 (6,204,000)                              -

HUATAI B2205c                         3,198,594                        401,234                 (3,599,828)                              -

HUATAI B2302c                                 -                      2,962,099                   (159,275)                      2,802,824




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
Structured notes (1)                    615,359                         168,102                  (662,307)                         121,154

Total                                35,372,308                      31,228,651                (37,538,210)                    29,062,749




                                                                                                                                             355
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2021



          Name                                  Par value             Issuance date                     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                         Original currency                                                           Original currency



          16 HUATAI G2                       RMB2,500,000                 06/12/2016                   06/12/2021         RMB2,500,000                   3.78%

          16 HUATAI G4                       RMB3,000,000                  14/12/2016                   14/12/2021        RMB3,000,000                   3.97%

          18 HUATAI C2                       RMB2,800,000                 10/05/2018                   10/05/2021         RMB2,800,000                   5.20%

          18 HUATAI G1                       RMB3,000,000                  26/11/2018                   26/11/2021        RMB3,000,000                   3.88%

          19 HUATAI G1                       RMB7,000,000                 19/03/2019                   19/03/2022         RMB7,000,000                   3.68%

          19 HUATAI G3                       RMB5,000,000                22/04/2019                    22/04/2022         RMB5,000,000                   3.80%

          19 HUATAI 02                       RMB5,000,000                27/05/2019                    27/05/2022         RMB5,000,000                   3.94%

          19 HUATAI 03                       RMB4,000,000                 24/10/2019                   24/10/2022         RMB4,000,000                   3.68%

          19 Finance 01                      RMB6,000,000                 21/08/2019                   21/08/2022        RMB6,000,000                    3.40%

          20 HUATAI G8                       RMB4,000,000                09/12/2020                    09/12/2022         RMB4,000,000                   3.67%

          HUATAI B2205                         USD500,000                 16/05/2019                   16/05/2022           USD500,000                   3.38%

          Structured notes (1)                 RMB613,940                    Note (1)                     Note (1)          RMB613,940                 Note (1)




                                            Book value as at 1                                                                             Book value as at 31
          Name                                  January 2021                             Increase                     Decrease                December 2021
                                                          RMB                                 RMB                          RMB                           RMB
                                                    equivalent                          equivalent                   equivalent                    equivalent



          16 HUATAI G2                                2,508,601                             84,497                   (2,593,098)                              -

          16 HUATAI G4                                3,006,354                            108,368                     (3,114,722)                            -

          18 HUATAI C2                                2,893,742                             48,335                   (2,942,077)                              -

          18 HUATAI G1                                 3,010,179                            98,057                    (3,108,236)                             -

          19 HUATAI G1                                           -                        7,459,426                    (257,600)                      7,201,826

          19 HUATAI G3                                           -                        5,320,878                    (190,000)                      5,130,878

          19 HUATAI 02                                           -                         5,313,891                   (197,000)                       5,116,891

          19 HUATAI 03                                           -                        4,173,848                     (147,200)                    4,026,648

          19 Finance 01                                          -                        6,277,407                    (204,000)                     6,073,407

          20 HUATAI G8                                           -                        4,155,505                    (146,800)                     4,008,705

          HUATAI B2205                                           -                        3,285,482                     (86,888)                      3,198,594

          Structured notes (1)                               10,017                        615,686                       (10,344)                      615,359

          Total                                       11,428,893                         36,941,380                  (12,997,965)                   35,372,308




          (1) As at 31 December 2022, RMB121.15 million of structured notes would mature within one year (as at 31 December 2021:
          RMB615.36 million).




356
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
53 Long-term bonds

As at 31 December 2022



Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                  Original currency



13 HUATAI 02                RMB6,000,000          5/6/2013     5/6/2023        RMB6,000,000                    5.10%

18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000        26/11/2018   26/11/2023        RMB1,000,000                   4.17%

20 HUATAI G1                RMB8,000,000         26/3/2020    26/3/2023        RMB8,000,000                    2.99%


                                                                                                                                 About Us
20 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,500,000        29/4/2020    29/4/2025         RMB3,500,000                   2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000        21/5/2020     21/5/2025        RMB3,000,000                   3.20%

20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000        18/6/2020     18/6/2023        RMB3,200,000                   3.10%

20 HUATAI G7                 RMB3,500,000       24/11/2020    24/11/2023        RMB3,500,000                   3.90%

20 HUATAI G9                RMB4,000,000         9/12/2020     9/12/2023       RMB4,000,000                    3.79%

21 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000          20/1/2021    20/1/2024       RMB4,000,000                    3.58%

21 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000         26/4/2021    26/4/2024        RMB5,000,000                    3.42%

21 HUATAI G4                RMB6,000,000          17/5/2021    17/5/2026       RMB6,000,000                    3.71%




                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
21 HUATAI G5                RMB4,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2024        RMB4,000,000                    3.28%

21 HUATAI G6                 RMB2,000,000        24/5/2021    24/5/2026         RMB2,000,000                   3.63%




                                                                                                                               and Strategies
21 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,000,000        15/6/2021     15/6/2024        RMB2,000,000                   3.40%

21 HUATAI 09                 RMB2,500,000         21/6/2021    21/6/2024        RMB2,500,000                   3.45%

21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000         7/9/2021     7/9/2024         RMB1,500,000                   3.03%

21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000         7/9/2021      7/9/2031        RMB2,700,000                   3.78%

21 HUATAI 13                 RMB2,100,000        18/10/2021   18/10/2024        RMB2,100,000                   3.25%

21 HUATAI 14                RMB3,400,000         18/10/2021   18/10/2031       RMB3,400,000                    3.99%

21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2024        RMB2,200,000                   3.22%

21 HUATAI 16                 RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2031        RMB1,100,000                   3.94%




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
20 HUATAI C1                RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020   13/11/2025       RMB5,000,000                    4.48%

21 HUATAI C1                RMB9,000,000          29/1/2021    29/1/2026       RMB9,000,000                    4.50%

22 HUATAI G1                RMB5,000,000         14/2/2022     14/2/2025       RMB5,000,000                    2.79%

22 HUATAI G2                RMB2,000,000         15/8/2022     15/8/2024       RMB2,000,000                    2.43%

22 HUATAI G3                RMB3,000,000         26/8/2022    26/8/2024        RMB3,000,000                    2.33%

22 HUATAI G4                RMB2,000,000          5/9/2022     5/9/2025        RMB2,000,000                    2.52%

22 HUATAI G5                RMB3,000,000         13/9/2022     13/9/2025       RMB3,000,000                    2.50%

22 HUATAI G6                RMB3,600,000         21/11/2022   21/11/2024       RMB3,600,000                    2.87%

22 HUATAI G7                 RMB1,400,000        21/11/2022    21/11/2027       RMB1,400,000                   3.18%

22 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,500,000        5/12/2022     5/12/2024        RMB1,500,000                   2.87%

22 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000         12/12/2022   12/12/2025       RMB2,000,000                    3.35%




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
22 HUATAI 11                  RMB500,000         12/12/2022   12/12/2027         RMB500,000                    3.49%

22 HUATAI 12                RMB4,000,000        22/12/2022    22/12/2024       RMB4,000,000                    3.24%

HUATAI B2302c                 USD400,000         12/2/2020     12/2/2023         USD400,000            LIBOR + 0.95%




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2404                  USD900,000          9/4/2021     9/4/2024          USD900,000                    1.30%

HUATAI B2604                  USD500,000          9/4/2021     9/4/2026          USD500,000                    2.00%

HUATAI B2503                 USD1,000,000         3/3/2022     3/3/2025         USD1,000,000                   2.38%

HUATAI B2509                CNH3,025,000         14/9/2022    14/9/2025        CNH3,025,000                    2.85%

Structured notes (1)          RMB2,117,600         Note (1)      Note (1)        RMB2,117,600                Note (1)




                                                                                                                        357
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Book value as at 1                                 Book value as at 31
          Name                       January 2022       Increase      Decrease         December 2022
                                              RMB            RMB           RMB                    RMB
                                        equivalent     equivalent    equivalent             equivalent



          13 HUATAI 02                    6,176,275             -    (6,176,275)                      -

          18 HUATAI G2                    1,003,674             -    (1,003,674)                      -

          20 HUATAI G1                     8,180,110            -     (8,180,110)                     -

          20 HUATAI G3                    3,566,005        102,147     (101,500)              3,566,652

          20 HUATAI G4                    3,056,894        96,553      (96,000)               3,057,447

          20 HUATAI G6                    3,251,065             -    (3,251,065)                      -

          20 HUATAI G7                    3,513,326             -    (3,513,326)                      -

          20 HUATAI G9                    4,008,862             -    (4,008,862)                      -

          21 HUATAI G1                    4,133,205       144,482      (143,200)              4,134,487

          21 HUATAI G3                     5,112,607      172,590      (171,000)               5,114,197

          21 HUATAI G4                    6,133,706       223,699      (222,600)              6,134,805

          21 HUATAI G5                    4,076,248       132,469       (131,200)              4,077,517

          21 HUATAI G6                    2,042,198        72,967       (72,600)              2,042,565

          21 HUATAI G7                    2,035,430        68,633      (68,000)               2,036,063

          21 HUATAI 09                    2,543,518        87,040       (86,250)              2,544,308

          21 HUATAI 11                     1,513,470       45,786      (45,450)                1,513,806

          21 HUATAI 12                    2,730,519        102,217     (102,060)              2,730,676

          21 HUATAI 13                     2,113,536       68,392       (68,250)               2,113,678

          21 HUATAI 14                    3,427,022        135,719     (135,660)              3,427,081

          21 HUATAI 15                     2,212,710       70,989       (70,840)               2,212,859

          21 HUATAI 16                     1,107,814       43,359       (43,340)               1,107,833

          20 HUATAI C1                    5,026,991       224,699     (224,000)               5,027,690

          21 HUATAI C1                    9,367,298       406,653     (405,000)               9,368,951

          22 HUATAI G1                            -      5,118,848             -               5,118,848

          22 HUATAI G2                            -      2,017,070             -               2,017,070

          22 HUATAI G3                            -      3,022,110             -               3,022,110

          22 HUATAI G4                            -      2,014,753             -               2,014,753

          22 HUATAI G5                            -      3,019,971             -               3,019,971

          22 HUATAI G6                            -      3,610,774             -               3,610,774

          22 HUATAI G7                            -      1,404,662             -              1,404,662

          22 HUATAI G8                            -      1,502,007             -              1,502,007

          22 HUATAI 10                            -     2,002,083              -              2,002,083

          22 HUATAI 11                            -       500,556              -               500,556

          22 HUATAI 12                            -     3,999,798              -              3,999,798

          HUATAI B2302c                   2,552,586             -    (2,552,586)                      -

          HUATAI B2404                    5,743,247       618,650       (81,486)               6,280,411

          HUATAI B2604                    3,194,403       367,186      (69,646)               3,491,943

          HUATAI B2503                            -      7,000,146             -              7,000,146

          HUATAI B2509                            -      3,041,406             -              3,041,406

          Structured notes (1)              143,400      2,138,043     (162,007)               2,119,436

          Total                          97,966,119    43,576,457    (31,185,987)           110,356,589




358
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
As at 31 December 2021



Name                            Par value    Issuance date      Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                   Original currency



13 HUATAI 02                 RMB6,000,000       05/06/2013     05/06/2023        RMB6,000,000                    5.10%

18 HUATAI G2                  RMB1,000,000        26/11/2018    26/11/2023        RMB1,000,000                   4.17%

19 HUATAI G1                 RMB7,000,000        19/03/2019    19/03/2022        RMB7,000,000                   3.68%

19 HUATAI G3                 RMB5,000,000       22/04/2019     22/04/2022        RMB5,000,000                   3.80%




                                                                                                                                  About Us
19 HUATAI 02                 RMB5,000,000       27/05/2019     27/05/2022        RMB5,000,000                   3.94%

19 HUATAI 03                 RMB4,000,000        24/10/2019    24/10/2022        RMB4,000,000                   3.68%

19 Finance 01                RMB6,000,000        21/08/2019    21/08/2022        RMB6,000,000                   3.40%

20 HUATAI G1                 RMB8,000,000       26/03/2020     26/03/2023        RMB8,000,000                   2.99%

20 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,500,000       29/04/2020     29/04/2025        RMB3,500,000                   2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000       21/05/2020     21/05/2025        RMB3,000,000                   3.20%

20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000       18/06/2020     18/06/2023        RMB3,200,000                    3.10%

20 HUATAI G7                 RMB3,500,000        24/11/2020     24/11/2023       RMB3,500,000                   3.90%

20 HUATAI G8                 RMB4,000,000       09/12/2020     09/12/2022        RMB4,000,000                   3.67%




                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
20 HUATAI G9                 RMB4,000,000       09/12/2020     09/12/2023        RMB4,000,000                   3.79%

20 HUATAI 02                RMB10,000,000       24/07/2020     24/07/2022       RMB10,000,000                   3.20%




                                                                                                                                and Strategies
20 HUATAI C1                 RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020    13/11/2025       RMB5,000,000                   4.48%

21 HUATAI G1                 RMB4,000,000        20/01/2021    20/01/2024        RMB4,000,000                   3.58%

21 HUATAI G3                 RMB5,000,000       26/04/2021     26/04/2024        RMB5,000,000                   3.42%

21 HUATAI G4                 RMB6,000,000        17/05/2021    17/05/2026        RMB6,000,000                    3.71%

21 HUATAI G5                 RMB4,000,000       24/05/2021     24/05/2024        RMB4,000,000                   3.28%

21 HUATAI G6                 RMB2,000,000       24/05/2021     24/05/2026        RMB2,000,000                   3.63%

21 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,000,000        15/06/2021    15/06/2024        RMB2,000,000                   3.40%

21 HUATAI 09                 RMB2,500,000        21/06/2021    21/06/2024        RMB2,500,000                   3.45%




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
21 HUATAI C1                 RMB9,000,000        29/01/2021    29/01/2026        RMB9,000,000                   4.50%

21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000       07/09/2021     07/09/2024        RMB1,500,000                   3.03%

21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000       07/09/2021     07/09/2031        RMB2,700,000                   3.78%

21 HUATAI 13                  RMB2,100,000       18/10/2021     18/10/2024       RMB2,100,000                   3.25%

21 HUATAI 14                 RMB3,400,000        18/10/2021     18/10/2031       RMB3,400,000                   3.99%

21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000        25/10/2021    25/10/2024        RMB2,200,000                   3.22%

21 HUATAI 16                  RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021     25/10/2031        RMB1,100,000                  3.94%

HUATAI B2205                  USD500,000         16/05/2019    16/05/2022         USD500,000                    3.38%

HUATAI B2302                   USD400,000       12/02/2020     12/02/2023          USD400,000             LIBOR+0.95%

HUATAI B2404                  USD900,000        09/04/2021     09/04/2024         USD900,000                     1.30%

HUATAI B2604                  USD500,000        09/04/2021     09/04/2026         USD500,000                    2.00%




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Structured notes (1)           RMB143,400           Note (1)      Note (1)         RMB143,400                 Note (1)




                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                         359
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                             Book value as at 1                                                     Book value as at 31
          Name                                   January 2021                Increase                Decrease          December 2021
                                                          RMB                     RMB                     RMB                     RMB
                                                    equivalent              equivalent              equivalent              equivalent



          13 HUATAI 02                                 6,171,490                310,785               (306,000)                6,176,275

          18 HUATAI G2                                 1,003,413                 41,961                 (41,700)               1,003,674

          19 HUATAI G1                                 7,199,048                      -              (7,199,048)                       -

          19 HUATAI G3                                 5,129,536                      -              (5,129,536)                       -

          19 HUATAI 02                                 5,115,539                      -               (5,115,539)                      -

          19 HUATAI 03                                4,025,007                       -              (4,025,007)                       -

          19 Finance 01                               6,072,453                       -              (6,072,453)                       -

          20 HUATAI G1                                 8,177,637                241,673               (239,200)                 8,180,110

          20 HUATAI G3                                3,565,376                 102,129                (101,500)              3,566,005

          20 HUATAI G4                                3,056,359                  96,611                (96,076)               3,056,894

          20 HUATAI G6                                3,250,725                 99,540                 (99,200)                3,251,065

          20 HUATAI G7                                 3,512,736                137,090                (136,500)               3,513,326

          20 HUATAI G8                                4,008,066                       -             (4,008,066)                        -

          20 HUATAI G9                                4,008,443                 152,019                (151,600)              4,008,862

          20 HUATAI 02                                10,132,432                160,618             (10,293,050)                       -

          20 HUATAI C1                                5,025,058                225,933                (224,000)                5,026,991

          21 HUATAI G1                                        -               4,137,065                  (3,860)               4,133,205

          21 HUATAI G3                                        -                5,117,432                 (4,825)                5,112,607

          21 HUATAI G4                                        -               6,139,497                   (5,791)              6,133,706

          21 HUATAI G5                                        -               4,080,108                  (3,860)              4,076,248

          21 HUATAI G6                                        -               2,044,128                  (1,930)               2,042,198

          21 HUATAI G7                                        -               2,037,360                  (1,930)              2,035,430

          21 HUATAI 09                                        -               2,545,931                   (2,413)              2,543,518

          21 HUATAI C1                                        -              9,376,680                   (9,382)              9,367,298

          21 HUATAI 11                                        -                1,514,497                  (1,027)               1,513,470

          21 HUATAI 12                                        -               2,732,368                  (1,849)               2,730,519

          21 HUATAI 13                                        -                2,113,972                  (436)                 2,113,536

          21 HUATAI 14                                        -               3,427,728                    (706)               3,427,022

          21 HUATAI 15                                        -                2,213,167                   (457)                2,212,710

          21 HUATAI 16                                        -                1,108,042                   (228)                1,107,814

          HUATAIB2205                                 3,274,424                       -              (3,274,424)                       -

          HUATAIB2302                                  2,611,554                  4,635                (63,603)               2,552,586

          HUATAIB2404                                         -              5,780,545                  (37,298)               5,743,247

          HUATAIB2604                                         -               3,226,282                 (31,879)               3,194,403

          Structured notes (1)                          284,999                 140,401               (282,000)                 143,400

          Total                                      85,624,295              59,308,197             (46,966,373)              97,966,119




          (1) The Company has issued 6 tranches of long-term structured notes for the year ended 31 December 2022 (as at 31
          December 2021: 30 tranches). As at 31 December 2022, 3 tranches of long-term structured notes due within one year are
          classified as "Long-term bonds due within one year" (as at 31 December 2021: 14 tranches) (Note 52).




360
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022
54 Long-term bank loans

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                               As at 31 December
                                                2022                 2021



Unsecured bank loans                          804,903              722,816

Less: credit bank loans due within one year        -                    -



                                                                                      About Us
Total                                         804,903              722,816




(b) Analysed by maturity:


                                               As at 31 December
                                                2022                 2021




                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Maturity within five years                    804,903              722,816




                                                                                    and Strategies




                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                             361
362



      55 Share capital, reserves and retained profits
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) Movements in components of equity

      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group's consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details
      of the changes in the Company's individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:




                                                                                                                                           Reserves
                                                                 Other equity                                                                               Fair value   Translation
                                         Note   Share capital    instruments    Treasury shares     Capital reserve   Surplus reserve    General reserve      reserve       reserve     Retained profits         Total



      As at 1 January 2022                          9,076,650       9,989,057         (1,231,547)        68,902,890         6,569,922          13,352,459       20,138         18,981         20,003,532    126,702,082

      Changes in equity for 2022



      Profit for the year                                   -               -                  -                  -                 -                  -             -             -           12,209,871     12,209,871

      Other comprehensive income                            -               -                  -                  -                 -                  -         8,026             -                   -          8,026

      Total comprehensive income                            -               -                  -                  -                 -                  -         8,026             -           12,209,871     12,217,897



      Issue of perpetual bonds                              -       9,200,000                  -           (10,098)                 -                  -             -             -                   -      9,189,902
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                            -               -             19,992            124,674                 -                  -             -             -                   -        144,666
        payments
      Acquisition of treasury shares                        -               -                  -                  -                 -                  -             -             -                   -              -

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                      -               -                  -                  -          1,220,987                 -             -             -         (1,220,987)              -

      Appropriation to general reserve                      -               -                  -                  -                 -          2,442,593             -             -         (2,442,593)              -
      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                            -               -                  -                  -                 -                  -             -             -        (4,063,640)     (4,063,640)
        shareholders for the year
      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                            -               -                  -                  -                 -                  -             -             -          (485,730)      (485,730)
        subordinated bonds
      Others                                           (1,061)         10,943              9,231           (90,083)                 -                  -             -             -                   -       (70,970)

      As at 31 December 2022             64         9,075,589      19,200,000        (1,202,324)         68,927,383         7,790,909          15,795,052       28,164         18,981        24,000,453     143,634,207
                                                                                                                                             Reserves
                                                                 Other equity                                                                                  Fair value    Translation
                                          Note   Share capital   instruments     Treasury shares     Capital reserve   Surplus reserve     General reserve       reserve        reserve     Retained profits          Total



      As at 1 January 2021                           9,076,650              -         (1,626,546)         69,229,342           5,711,067         11,634,395       323,174          18,981         17,604,448       111,971,511

      Changes in equity for 2021



      Profit for the year                                    -              -                   -                  -                  -                   -             -              -           8,588,552     8,588,552

      Other comprehensive income                             -              -                   -                  -                  -                   -     (303,036)              -                   -     (303,036)

      Total comprehensive income                             -              -                   -                  -                  -                   -     (303,036)              -           8,588,552      8,285,516



      Issue of perpetual bonds                               -      9,989,057                   -                  -                  -                   -             -              -                   -     9,989,057
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                             -              -            443,963           (326,459)                  -                   -             -              -                   -         117,504
        payments
      Acquisition of treasury shares                         -              -           (48,964)                   -                  -                   -             -              -                   -      (48,964)

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                       -              -                   -                  -          858,855                     -             -              -           (858,855)                -

      Appropriation to general reserve                       -              -                   -                  -                  -            1,718,064            -              -          (1,718,064)               -
      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                             -              -                   -                  -                  -                   -             -              -          (3,612,549)   (3,612,549)
        shareholders for the year

      Others                                                 -              -                   -                  7                  -                   -             -              -                   -                7

      As at 31 December 2021               64        9,076,650      9,989,057          (1,231,547)        68,902,890         6,569,922           13,352,459        20,138          18,981         20,003,532    126,702,082




363
                                         Financial Report and                                                                   Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                        About Us                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                  and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Share capital

          All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The Company's number
          of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:



                                                           As at 31 December 2022                                   As at 31 December 2021

                                                            Number                                                    Number
                                                           of shares                Nominal value                    of shares               Nominal value

                                                         (Thousand)                                                (Thousand)



          Registered, issued and fully paid:

            A shares of RMB1 each                          7,356,543                     7,356,543                   7,357,604                    7,357,604

            H shares of RMB1 each                           1,719,046                     1,719,046                   1,719,046                    1,719,046

          Total                                            9,075,589                     9,075,589                   9,076,650                    9,076,650




          On 1 June 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering of 1,400,000,000 H shares on the Main Board of the Hong
          Kong Stock Exchange. On 19 June 2015, the Company partially exercised the over-allotment option and issued 162,768,800 H
          shares.

          According to the relevant requirements of PRC regulators, existing shareholders of the state-owned shares of the Company
          have transferred an aggregate number of 156,276,880 state-owned shares of the Company to the National Social Security
          Fund of the PRC, and such shares were then converted into H shares on a one-for-one basis.

          In July 2018, the Company completed private placement of issuance of 1,088,731,200 new A shares.

          On 20 June 2019, the Company completed its issuance of 75,013,636 GDRs, representing 750,136,360 underlying A shares,
          and listed on the London Stock Exchange. On 27 June 2019, the Company exercised the over-allotment option and issued
          additional 7,501,364 GDRs, representing 75,013,640 underlying A shares. In total, the Company has issued 82,515,000 GDRs,
          representing 825,150,000 new A shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each. The total paid-up share capital of the Company
          after the change was RMB9,076,650,000.

          In 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares, after which the
          Company's registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,075,589,027 shares
          of RMB1 each.

          The H shares and GDRs representing A shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing A shares including the right to
          receive all dividends and distributions declared or made.


          (c) Other equity instruments


                                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                                          2022                                        2021



          Perpetual subordinated bonds                                                                19,200,000                                  9,996,425




          As approved by the CSRC, the Company issued six batches of perpetual subordinated bonds ("21 Huatai Y1", "21 Huatai Y2",
          "21 Huatai Y3", "22 Huatai Y1", "22 Huatai Y2", "22 Huatai Y3") with an initial interest rate of 3.85%, 4.00%, 3.80%, 3.49%, 3.59%, 3.20%
          on 15 September 2021, 26 October 2021, 16 November 2021, 26 January 2022, 11 July 2022, 21 October 2022, respectively. The
          perpetual subordinated bonds have no fixed maturity dates and the Company has an option to redeem the bonds at
          principal amounts plus any accrued interest on the fifth interest payment date or any interest payment date afterwards.

          The interest rate for perpetual subordinated bonds is fixed in the first 5 years and will be repriced every 5 years. The repriced
          interest rate is determined as the sum of the current base rate and the initial spread plus 300bp. The current base rate is
          defined as the average yield of 5 years treasury from the interbank fixed rate bond yield curve published on China Bond
          webpage 5 working days before the adjustment.

          The issuer has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest payments, so that at each




364
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
interest payment date, the issuer may choose to defer the interest payment to the next payment date for the current
period as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred, without being subject to any limitation with respect to
the number of deferrals. Mandatory interest payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary equity holders
and reductions of registered capital.

The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified as equity instruments and presented under equity
in the Group's statement of financial position.


(d) Treasury shares




                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                               As at 1                Increase               Decrease                 As at 31
                                        January 2022              for the year             for the year         December 2022



Share repurchase                              835,802                        -                        -                835,802
Restricted Share Incentive
  Scheme of A Shares                           395,745                       -                 (29,223)                366,522
Total                                         1,231,547                      -                 (29,223)               1,202,324




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
On 30 March 2020, the fifth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company approved the Resolution on
Repurchase of A Shares through Centralized Price Bidding, planned to repurchase no less than 45,383,250 A shares and



                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
no more than 90,766,500 A shares in the next 12 months, which will be used for Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
Shares. On 8 January 2021, the Company completed the repurchase. During the repurchase period, the Company has
accumulatively made an actual repurchase of 90,766,495 A Shares of the Company.

On 23 March 2021, the Company convened the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board and the eighth meeting
of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee, at which the Resolution on Adjustment to the Matters Pertaining to
the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company and the Resolution on Granting Restricted A Shares
to Incentive Participants were considered and approved to set out the Grant Date on 29 March 2021, when 45,488,000
restricted A Shares were granted to 810 eligible Incentive Participants at the Grant Price of RMB9.10 per share. On 30 March




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
2021, the Company received RMB414 million subscription funds paid by 810 incentive participants. The funds have been
verified by an accounting firm and a capital verification report has been issued.

On 22 June 2021, pursuant to the resolution of the 2020 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, cash dividend of RMB4.00
(tax included) per 10 shares was distributed based on 9,076,650,000 shares deducting the actual number of shares entitled
to the dividend distribution (exclusive of A shares of the Company in the repurchased securities account). The total amount
of RMB18 million cash dividends was distributed to 810 incentive participants. According to the Restricted Share Incentive
Scheme of A Shares Plan, before the restricted shares are unlocked, the incentive participants are eligible to receive the
cash dividend (after tax). If the conditions for unlocking are not satisfied, the Company has the obligation to repurchase
the shares. Due to the dividend is revocable, once the unlocking conditions are not met, the incentive participants need
to return the cash dividend which they have received in the waiting period. Therefore, the share repurchase's obligation is
reduced accordingly by RMB18 million.




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
On 22 June 2022, pursuant to the resolution of the 2021 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders. , cash dividend of RMB4.50
(tax included) per 10 shares was distributed based on 9,076,650,000 shares deducting the actual number of shares entitled
to the dividend distribution (excluding 45,278,495 shares deposited in the special repurchase accounts of the Company




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
and 1,060,973 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled). Therefore, the share repurchase's obligation is reduced
accordingly by RMB20 million.

Since the Company granted the restricted A Shares in accordance with the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares
Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to 28 February 2022, there are 22 incentive participants among the granted incentive
participants left the Company for personal reasons and terminated their employment contracts with the Company,
and no longer have the qualification of incentive participants. According to the relevant provisions of Chapter 13 of the
incentive plan, the Company repurchased and cancelled a total of 1,060,973 the restricted A Shares granted to the above
22 incentive participants but not lifted. The repurchase price was RMB8.70 per share, and the total amount of consideration
for repurchase was RMB9.2 million. On 30 March 2022, the Company convened the 21st meeting of the fifth session of the
Board and the 12th meeting of the fifth session of the Supervisory Committee, at which the proposal on the Company's
repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares were considered and approved. On 22 June 2022, the
Company held the 2021 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, the first A shares shareholders' meeting in 2022 and the




                                                                                                                                  365
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          first H shares shareholders' meeting in 2022, at which the proposal on the Company's repurchase and cancellation of part
          of the restricted A Shares were considered and approved. As of 23 September 2022, the Company has paid the above-
          mentioned share repurchase reduction amount of RMB9.2 million to the 22 incentive participants who left the Company,
          and completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 shares.


          (e) Capital reserve

          Capital reserve mainly includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices in excess of face value
          and the difference between the considerations of acquisition of equity interests from non-controlling shareholders and the
          carrying amount of the proportionate net assets.


          (f) Surplus reserve

          Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit to the statutory
          surplus reserve until the balance reaches 50% of its registered capital.

          Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory reserve may be used to offset accumulated losses, or converted
          into capital of provided that the balance of the statutory surplus reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the
          registered capital immediately before the capitalisation.


          (g) General reserve

          General reserve includes general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.

          In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
          (Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007, the Company appropriates 10% of its annual net profit to
          the general risk reserve.

          In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
          (Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007 and in compliance with the Securities Law, for the purpose
          of covering securities trading losses, the Company appropriates 10% from its annual net profit to the transaction risk reserve.

          In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC No. 94 Provisional Measures on Supervision and Administration of Risk
          Provision of Public Offering of Securities Investment Funds, the Company appropriates 2.5% from its fund custody fee
          income to the general risk reserve.

          The Company's subsidiaries appropriate their profits to the general reserve according to the applicable local regulations.


          (h) Fair value reserve

          The fair value reserve comprises:

          - The cumulative net changes in the fair value of equity securities designated at FVOCI; and

          - The cumulative net changes in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI until the assets are derecognised or reclassified. This
          amount is adjusted by the amount of loss allowance.


          (i) Cash flow hedge reserve

          The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument.


          (j) Translation reserve

          The translation reserve mainly comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial
          statements of foreign operations.


          (k) Dividends

          Pursuant to the resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders dated 22 June 2022, the Company was approved
          to distribute cash dividends of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to the shareholders based on 9,076,650,000 shares
          exclusive of A shares of the Company in the repurchased securities account and the A shares to be repurchased and
          cancelled, with total cash dividends amounting to RMB4,064 million. The cash dividends of the Company was paid on 5
          August 2022.




366
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
56 Commitments

(a) Capital commitments

Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 not provided for in the consolidated
financial statements were as follows:



                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                2022                                       2021




                                                                                                                                             About Us
Contracted, but not provided for                                             3,130,051                                  2,469,201




The aforementioned capital commitments mainly represent the securities underwriting commitments of the Group.



57 Interests in structured entities

(a) Interests in structured entities consolidated by the Group

                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly stand for the asset management schemes where the Group involves



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
as manager and / or as investor. The Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds together with its
remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the asset management schemes to a level of
such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal.

As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group consolidates 61 and 34 structured entities respectively, which are
mainly asset management schemes. As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the total assets of the consolidated
structured entities are RMB71,870 million and RMB29,375 million, respectively, and the carrying amount of interests held by
the Group in the consolidated structured entities are RMB69,505 million and RMB28,329 million, respectively. For the year
ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group did not provide financial support to these structured entities.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
(b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated

Structured entities for which the Group served as general partner or manager, therefore has power over them during the
reporting periods are asset management schemes. Except for the structured entities that the Group has consolidated as
set out in Note 57(a), the Group's exposure to the variable returns in the remaining structured entities in which the Group
has interests is not significant. Besides, the Group did not provide financial support to these structured entities. The Group
therefore did not consolidate these structured entities.

As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the
Group amounted to RMB528,130 million and RMB521,972 million, respectively. As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021,




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
the carrying amount of interests held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are RMB9,032 million and
RMB3,403 million, respectively.

During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, income derived from these unconsolidated structured




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
entities held by the Group amounted to RMB587 million and RMB1,458 million, respectively.


(c) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

The types of structured entities sponsored by third party institutions that the Group does not consolidate but in which it
holds interests include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued
by banks or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.

The carrying amount of the related accounts in the consolidated statements of financial position is equal to the maximum
exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, which are listed as below:




                                                                                                                                    367
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2022

                                                                                     Financial assets at FVPL                         Total



          Funds                                                                                    43,326,657                    43,326,657

          Wealth management products                                                               19,633,246                    19,633,246

          Total                                                                                   62,959,903                     62,959,903




                                                                                            As at 31 December 2021

                                                        Financial assets at FVTPL             Financial assets at FVOCI               Total



          Funds                                                        49,197,876                                     -           49,197,876

          Wealth management products                                    16,478,377                               74,532          16,552,909

          Total                                                        65,676,253                                74,532          65,750,785




          58 Outstanding litigations

          From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to claims and are parties to legal and regulatory
          proceedings. As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, based on the court rulings, advices from legal representatives
          and management judgement, no provision had been made to the claim amounts. The Group is of the opinion the final
          court judgement will not have a significant impact on the Group's financial position or operations.

          As at 31 December 2022, the major legal actions of the Group as the defendant are listed below:

          (1) During the year of 2022, the Company received the Notice of Legal Action and relevant litigation materials sent by court
          in March. The plaintiff, Hubei Daohuaxiang Liquor Co., Ltd. failed to fully cash its investment in "Wusheng Chunyu pure bond
          No. 2 private equity investment fund contract", sued to the Court to require Wusheng Asset Management (Guangzhou) Co.,
          Ltd. (the first defendant) and Huatai Securities (the second defendant), to bear joint and several liability for compensation.
          The claim amount was RMB127 million. According to the Shanghai Financial Court's Ruling, this case was handled according
          to the plaintiff's withdrawal of the lawsuit in February 2023 , and the Company will not bear losses in this case.

          (2) During the year of 2020, the Group's subsidiary Huatai United Securities received the Notice of Legal Action and
          relevant litigation materials sent by Shanghai Financial Court. The plaintiff, Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd., failed to
          fully cash its investment in "Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Securities", sued to the Court to require the manager (the
          first defendant), the legal adviser (the second defendant), the rating agency (the third defendant), the issuer (the fourth
          defendant) and Huatai United Securities, the financial adviser (the fifth defendant), to bear joint and several liability for
          compensation. The claim amount was RMB598 million. At the date of approval of this report, the first instance was held
          three times to hear the case. On August 25, 2022, the plaintiff added evidence, the Company submitted a new cross-
          examination opinion in September 2022 and a new written statement of circumstances in October 2022, and no judgment
          has been made as of the date of this report. According to the opinion of the legal representative and the judgment of the
          management, the Group has not accrued any estimated liabilities for the claim amount.




368
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
59 Related party relationships and transactions

(a) Relationship of related parties

(i) Major shareholders


Name of the                                  Place of               Registered                    Percentage of         Voting
shareholder                               registration            share capital               equity interest (%)    rights (%)


Jiangsu Guoxin
                                               Nanjing             RMB30 billion                             15.13         15.13
 Investment Group Limited


                                                                                                                                            About Us
Jiangsu Communications
                                               Nanjing            RMB16.8 billion                            5.39          5.39
 Holdings Co., Ltd.




The detailed information of the transactions and balances with Group's major shareholders and their subsidiaries is set out
in Note 59(b)(i).

(ii) Subsidiaries of the Group

The detailed information of the Group's subsidiaries is set out in Note 24.


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
(iii) Associates of the Group




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
The detailed information of the Group's associates is set out in Note 25.

(iv) Joint ventures of the Group

The detailed information of the Group's joint ventures is set out in Note 26.

(v) Other related parties

Other related parties are individuals which include: members of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior
management, and close family members of such individuals.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(b) Related parties transactions and balances

Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following related party
transactions and balances:

(i) Transactions and balances between the Group and major shareholders and their subsidiaries:



                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                     2022                                 2021




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Balances at the end of the year:



Right-of-use assets                                                                    482                                    -




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Accounts receivable                                                                      -                                 598

Other receivables and prepayments                                                       41                                    -

Financial assets at FVTPL                                                           53,275                               72,975

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                               52,450                               50,018

Other payables and accruals                                                           3,211                                3,211

Short-term debt instruments issued                                                  50,000                                    -

Lease liabilities                                                                      348                                    -




                                                                                                                                   369
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2022                                   2021



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                     15,598                                 21,663

          Net investment gains                                                           2,373                                 29,134

          Interest income                                                                    -                                    780




          During the year of 2022 and 2021, the Group has subscribed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB53
          million and RMB40 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2022 and 2021, the Group has redeemed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB117
          million and RMB363 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2022 and 2021, major shareholders and their subsidiaries have subscribed the short-term debt
          instruments issued by the Group for RMB50 million and nil, respectively.

          During the year of 2022 and 2021, the Group has paid rental fee to major shareholders and their subsidiaries for the total
          amounts of RMB0.18 million and nil, respectively.

          (ii) Transactions and balances between the Group and associates:



                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                         2022                                   2021



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Cash and bank balances                                                      1,855,132                               467,782

          Right-of-use assets                                                           54,416                                 92,992

          Accounts receivable                                                          220,638                                 271,617

          Other receivables and prepayments                                              2,966                                   1,053

          Financial assets at FVTPL                                                      9,875                                  9,523

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                         27,882                                 49,609

          Other payables and accruals                                                    4,056                                      -

          Placements from other financial institutions                                 500,143                               1,500,330

          Lease liabilities                                                             64,136                                 103,195




                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2022                                   2021



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                    357,350                                425,218

          Fee and commission expense                                                     (444)                                      -

          Other income and gains                                                         3,328                                  3,238

          Operating expense                                                            (2,308)                                      -

          Interest income                                                               10,605                                  7,943

          Interest expenses                                                            (19,683)                                20,931

          Net investment losses                                                         (8,910)                               (11,842)




370
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
During the year of 2022 and 2021, the associates have subscribed the non-public corporate bonds issued by the Group for
RMB393 million and nil, respectively.

During the year of 2022 and 2021, the associates have subscribed the short-term debt instruments issued by the Group for
nil and RMB454 million, respectively. The associates have redeemed the short-term debt instruments issued by the Group
for nil million and RMB1,604 million, respectively.

During the year of 2022 and 2021, the associates have redeemed the structured notes issued by the Group for RMB103
million and nil, respectively.

During the year of 2022 and 2021, the capital injection made by the Group into the associates are RMB557 million and


                                                                                                                                          About Us
RMB413 million, respectively. During the year of 2022 and 2021, the divestment made by the Group from the associates are
RMB155 million and RMB1,137 million, respectively.

During the year of 2022 and 2021, the Group has made repurchase agreements with associates for the total amount of
RMB124,080 million and RMB108,865 million, respectively.

During the year of 2022 and 2021, the Group has taken placements from other financial institutions with associates for the
total amount of RMB118,050 million and RMB89,400 million, respectively.

During the year of 2022 and 2021, the Group has received dividends from associates for the total amounts of RMB1,513 million



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
and RMB1,124 million, respectively.

During the year of 2022 and 2021, the Group has paid rental fee to associates for the total amounts of RMB51 million and



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
RMB51 million, respectively.

(iii) Transactions and balances between the Group and joint ventures:



                                                                            As at 31 December

                                                                              2022                                      2021



Balances at the end of the year:




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Other receivables and prepayments                                                 -                                      1,514

Accounts receivable                                                           7,935                                    24,000

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                          6,178                                        -




                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                              2022                                      2021



Transactions during the year:




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Fee and commission income                                                     12,371                                    19,811




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
During the year of 2022, the capital divestment made by the Group from the joint ventures amounted to RMB10 million.
During the year of 2021, the capital divestment made by the Group from the joint ventures amounted to RMB58 million.




                                                                                                                                 371
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (iv) Transactions and balances between the Group and other related parties:



                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                         2022                                       2021



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                           7,725                                     41,311




                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                                         2022                                       2021



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                        232                                       100




          (c) Key management personnel remuneration

          During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company paid pre-tax remuneration of current year to key management
          personnel of the Company amounting to RMB42.44 million (During the year ended 31 December 2021: RMB49.88 million).
          This amount includes those paid to the Company's directors and supervisors as disclosed in Note 16. For the year ended 31
          December 2022, the post-employment benefits of the key management personnel amounted to RMB2.9million (For the year
          ended 31 December 2021, RMB2.5million).

          During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company paid pre-tax deferred remuneration which was accrued in previous
          years to directors, supervisors, and senior management personnel amounted to RMB7.60 million.


          (d) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

          The related party transactions set out in Note 59(b) which constitute connected transactions or continuing connected
          transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are exempt from the disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of
          the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold under Rule 14A.76(1) and 14A.93.



          60 Segment reporting

          Management manages the business operations by the following segments in accordance with the nature of the operations
          and the services provided, and the performance measure of business segments utilised by the Group is profit before
          income tax:

          - The wealth management segment engages in the trading of stocks, funds, bonds and futures on behalf of clients, to
          provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and asset allocation services. Moreover, the activities
          of providing margin financing, securities lending, securities-backed lendings and sell financial products are included in this
          segment.

          - The institutional services segment mainly provides investment banking business to clients, research and institutional
          sales, equity securities investments and transactions, fixed income investments and transactions, OTC financial products
          and transactions.

          - The investment management segment mainly consists of asset management, private equity investment, alternative
          investments and commodities trading and arbitrage.

          - The international business segment mainly includes the overseas business of overseas subsidiaries.




372
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022
- Other segments include other operations of head office, mainly including interest income, share of profit of associates
and joint ventures, interest expenses of working capitals, and costs and expenses of middle offices and back offices.



(a) Business segments

For the year ended 31 December 2022



                                         Wealth       Institutional    Investment      International
                                    management            services    management           business         Others            Total




                                                                                                                                                 About Us
Revenue

  - External                           20,515,804        8,049,878        2,007,444        7,619,320      2,559,683       40,752,129

  - Inter-segment                          54,856           20,399                -                -      4,124,449        4,199,704

Other income and gains                    2,911,901         63,379          262,984        1,794,666      1,099,748        6,132,678

Segment revenue and other
                                       23,482,561        8,133,656        2,270,428        9,413,986      7,783,880        51,084,511
  income

Segment expenses                     (15,063,586)      (7,434,388)       (1,210,570)     (7,521,339)    (4,932,852)     (36,162,735)

Segment operating profit / (loss)        8,418,975         699,268        1,059,858        1,892,647      2,851,028        14,921,776

Share of profit of associates and




                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
  joint ventures                                 -          (1,898)      (1,107,804)               -      2,328,748         1,219,046

Profit before income tax                 8,418,975         697,370         (47,946)        1,892,647      5,179,776       16,140,822




                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Interest income                        10,632,438         1,321,495         174,479         573,067        1,245,913      13,947,392

Interest expenses                      (4,344,410)      (3,115,872)       (320,625)      (1,666,057)     (1,894,184)     (11,341,148)

Depreciation and amortisation
                                        (509,600)        (184,334)         (74,461)        (368,311)     (445,422)        (1,582,128)
 expenses

Net (provision for) / reversal of
 impairment loss on financial             487,614            5,734            1,008         (42,571)         33,564         485,349
 assets




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Segment assets                        282,826,679      338,713,456       39,880,328      160,618,094    189,193,725     1,011,232,282

Additions to non-current segment
 assets during                             96,156           59,622            14,381        289,896         833,314        1,293,369
 the year

Segment liabilities                  (278,157,398)    (333,267,187)     (18,209,610)   (144,243,708)   (69,505,670)    (843,383,573)




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                        373
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          For the year ended 31 December 2021



                                                   Wealth       Institutional     Investment       International
                                              management            services     management            business          Others              Total



          Revenue

            - External                            23,397,410       12,379,608          3,886,118        7,138,825        1,535,812      48,337,773

            - Inter-segment                           114,272          17,653                 -                  -         65,973          197,898

          Other income and gains                   2,648,147          98,090           276,044            753,570       (122,423)        3,653,428

          Segment revenue and other
                                                  26,159,829       12,495,351          4,162,162       7,892,395        1,479,362       52,189,099
            income

          Segment expenses                      (18,549,453)       (7,574,761)      (1,290,760)      (6,463,785)      (4,657,685)     (38,536,444)

          Segment operating profit / (loss)        7,610,376       4,920,590          2,871,402          1,428,610    (3,178,323)       13,652,655

          Share of profit of associates and
            joint ventures                                 -            9,831          548,695               1,499     2,069,956          2,629,981

          Profit before income tax                 7,610,376        4,930,421        3,420,097           1,430,109     (1,108,367)      16,282,636



          Interest income                          11,868,074         567,861          462,760           537,284        1,335,082         14,771,061

          Interest expenses                      (5,436,940)      (2,969,267)         (323,473)         (576,712)       (1,751,410)    (11,057,802)

          Depreciation and amortisation
                                                    (511,596)       (127,809)          (75,196)        (380,062)        (347,797)       (1,442,460)
           expenses

          Net (provision for) / reversal of
           impairment loss on financial           (496,097)            61,305            (1,502)        (85,964)         (25,930)        (548,188)
           assets



          Segment assets                        288,840,978       302,178,205       34,903,726        141,457,908     138,156,490      905,537,307

          Additions to non-current segment
                                                    226,085          1,194,803            11,436         272,466        1,280,635        2,985,425
           assets during the year

          Segment liabilities                  (285,063,892)    (301,729,678)       (14,441,230)      (128,171,610)   (24,095,113)    (753,501,523)




374
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Reconciliations of segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities:



                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2022                         2021



Revenue

Total revenue, gains and other income for segments                                 51,084,511                  52,189,099

Elimination of inter-segment revenue                                             (4,260,139)                   (262,695)

Consolidated revenue, gains and other income                                      46,824,372                   51,926,404




                                                                                                                                     About Us
Profit

Total profit before income tax for segments                                       16,140,822                   16,282,636

Elimination of inter-segment profit                                              (3,912,784)                     (10,074)

Consolidated profit before income tax                                             12,228,038                   16,272,562




                                                                                     As at 31 December

                                                                                       2022                         2021



Assets                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
Total assets for segments                                                       1,011,232,282                905,537,307

Elimination of inter-segment assets                                            (164,665,266)                (98,886,474)

Consolidated total assets                                                        846,567,016                 806,650,833



Liabilities

Total liabilities for segments                                                 (843,383,573)                (753,501,523)

Elimination of inter-segment liabilities                                        164,665,266                   98,886,474

Consolidated total liabilities                                                 (678,718,307)                (654,615,049)




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
For the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Group's customer base is diversified and no customer had
transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group's revenue.




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                            375
376



      (b) Geographical information

      The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group's revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group's property and equipment, investment
                                                                                                                                                                                                   HUATAI SECURITIES


      properties, goodwill, land-use rights and other intangible assets, interest in associates, interest in joint ventures and other non-current assets ("specified non-current assets"). The
      geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical
      location of the asset, in the case of property and equipment and other non-current assets, the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of goodwill, land-use
      rights and other intangible assets, and the location of operations, in the case of interest in associates and interest in joint ventures.



                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022                                                        Year ended 31 December 2021

                                                   Mainland China                     Overseas                     Total             Mainland China                      Overseas         Total



      Revenue from external customers                   33,132,809                     7,619,320               40,752,129                  41,197,449                     7,140,324   48,337,773

      Other income and gains                             4,277,577                     1,794,666                6,072,243                   2,835,061                      753,570     3,588,631

      Total                                             37,410,386                     9,413,986               46,824,372                  44,032,510                    7,893,894    51,926,404




                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022                                                        Year ended 31 December 2021

                                                   Mainland China                     Overseas                     Total             Mainland China                      Overseas         Total



      Specified non-current assets                      27,561,899                    10,139,539               37,701,438                 26,426,848                      8,973,237   35,400,085
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
61 Financial instruments and risk management

(a) Risk management policies and structure

(i) Risk management policies

In order to enhance the Group's scientific, standardised and effective management and operation, strengthen the
capability of defending against risks and ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of the Group's businesses,
the Group had formulated the Basic System for Risk Management which had been deliberated and approved by the
Board of Directors in accordance with the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Rules on Supervision over
Securities Companies, the Guidelines on the Internal Control of Securities Companies, the Regulation on Comprehensive

                                                                                                                                           About Us
Risk Management of Securities Companies and other relevant regulations in combination with the business operation and
business management. This has clarified the risk management objectives and principles, the risk appetite and risk tolerance
level of the Company as a whole and for different risk types, the risk management procedures, and the relevant resource
assurance and appraisal mechanisms. In terms of operation management, the Group had formulated and issued various
professional risk management guidelines to clearly establish the management processes and measures, risk indicators
and limits for various types of risks; in addition, the Group had also formulated policies such as the Administration Measures
for Risk Control Indicators, the Rules on the Risk Management of Subsidiaries, the Implementation Plan for Stress Test and the
Detailed Implementation Rules for Stress Test at the operation level. In the specific business level, the Group had established
business risk management system or risk management manual based on the risk points of different business areas and


                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
business management lines.

The principal types of risk faced by the Group in daily operation mainly include credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk,


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
operational risk, reputational risk, information technology risk, compliance risk and modelling risk. The Group had formulated
corresponding policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks, and set up risk indicators, risk limits and internal
risk control processes in combination with the actual circumstances with a view to continuously manage the above risks
through the support of information systems and effective mechanisms.

Risk management is a shared responsibility of all the Group's employees. The Group continuously enhances the risk
management awareness and risk sensitivity of all its employees through training and assessment to cultivate the risk
management culture.




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(ii) Risk governance structure

The risk management structure of the Company covers five major parts: The Board and its Compliance and Risk
Management Committee, Board of Supervisors, Business Operation Management and Risk Control Committee, Risk
Management Department and various professional risk management departments as well as other departments, branches
and subsidiaries.

The Board of Directors is the highest decision-making body for risk management and assumes ultimate responsibility for
the effectiveness of the Company's comprehensive risk management system. The Compliance and Risk Management
Committee is set up by the Board to review and make recommendations on the overall risk management targets,
fundamental policies and risk assessment reports; and evaluate and make recommendations on the risks of major




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
decisions which require the Board's review as well as the solutions to these major risks. The Board of Supervisors is
responsible for the supervision of overall risk management, supervising and examining the Board and the management on
the performance of their risk management duties and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorisation and
approval of the Board and in combination with the operational targets of the Company, the management is specifically




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
responsible for the implementation of risk management activities, with the Risk Control Committee established under it. The
Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for leading the overall risk management initiatives. The Risk Management
Department is charged with comprehensive risk management duties. It reports to the management and is responsible
for managing the overall risks of the Company, taking the lead in managing market risk, credit risk and operational risk.
Relevant functional departments of the Company are responsible for taking the lead in managing other types of risks
according to their responsibilities and positioning. Other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are
responsible for the management of risks in respective lines, implementing policies, procedures and measures formulated
by the Company and risk management departments, accepting the guidance from risk management departments
and the decomposition of risk management and implementation responsibilities by the risk management departments.
The Audit Department is responsible for the review and evaluation of the effectiveness and implementation of the risk
management procedures of the Company and taking the lead in evaluating the overall risk management system of the
Company.




                                                                                                                                  377
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Credit risk management

          Credit risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from the default of a product or bond issuer or
          counterparty (customer). The Company has established a credit risk management system covering self-owned capital and
          entrusted funding business. The system is applied to all subsidiaries domestic or overseas, and also to the sub-subsidiaries
          managed with reference to the subsidiary's management approach, thereby achieving full credit risk management
          coverage.

          The Group mainly faced four types of credit risks, namely (i) the risks of suffering from loss in respect of the financing bills
          and interests lent out due to customer's default in financing business; (ii) the risks caused by default of the bond issuer in
          bond investment business; (iii) the risks of assets suffering from loss due to the default by the counterparty in transaction
          business; (iv) the risks of loss suffered by the Group arising from payment made on customer's behalf due to insufficient
          fund of the customer in guarantee settlement business.

          With respect to financing business, the Group adopted full-process control measures such as stringent customer and
          underlying assets management, dynamic monitoring and timely risk mitigation to control the credit risk. The Company
          implemented stringent risk control processes, conducted special risk inspections on margin financing and securities lending
          business, strengthened the counter-cyclical management mechanism, and improved the standard of differentiated
          customers management.

          With respect to bond investment business, the Company established a unified management system for issuers. During the
          reporting period, the Company established a prospective risk assessment system in key industries to form risk monitoring
          and control and screening mechanism of normalization, and enhanced the efficiency and pertinence of risk management.
          At the same time, it also continuously to improve the consistency of the internal assessment system and enhance the
          Group's overall risk identification and control capabilities.

          With respect to transaction business, the Company constantly had a thorough inspection on the counterparties'
          qualifications, investment styles, performance, the capabilities of risk management and credit terms of agreements,
          and expanded the depth and breadth of the credit risk management of the counterparties, in order to strictly control its
          business risk exposures. At the same time, the Company continued to promote the systematic construction of counterparty
          credit risk management, and gradually realised the platformisation of counterparty management and related processes.

          With respect to guarantee settlement business, the Group incorporated it into the counterparty system for unified
          management, and at the same time explored ways to enhance the management system and access threshold
          for customer qualifications, continued to improve the front-end control of risk indicator design and promoted the
          establishment of systematic measures, as well as strengthened its risk event handling and risk transmission control
          capabilities.

          At the same time, the Company continuously promoted the establishment of a unified line of credit management system
          for customers, and carried out the centralized management for overall risk exposure and line of credit in full business scope
          within the Group, and improved the measurement, monitoring, control ability of cross-business and cross- product risks for
          customers.

          The Group provided credit loss allowances for securities-backed lendings of financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements. The Group assessed the continuous repayment, solvency and the collateral to loan ratios of the borrowers to
          analyse the degree of default risk and identified the three stages of credit loss allowances of the securities-backed lendings
          assets. The details are as below:




378
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                    Description                                                     Stage of credit loss allowances



Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds,
                                                                                            12-month ECL                              Stage 1
 with no past due days

Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds,
 with less than 90 days past due on its contractual payments

Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds
                                                                                   Lifetime ECL-not credit impaired                   Stage 2
 but above 100%, with no past due days

Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
 with less than 90 days past due on its contractual payments

Collateral to loan ratios below 100%



                                                                                                                                                         About Us
Collateral to loan ratios above 100%, with more than 90 days
 past due on its contractual payments
                                                                                    Lifetime ECL- credit impaired                     Stage 3
Borrowers in default or lawsuit

Borrowers in significant financial difficulties or about to
  bankruptcy or undertaking a financial restructuring




The Group set different force liquidation thresholds, normally no less than 130%, for different borrowers and assets.

For assets classified under Stage 1 and 2, the Group assessed credit loss allowances using the risk parameters modeling



                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
approach that incorporated key parameters inclusive of collateral to loan ratios and past due days. As at 31 December
2022, the average credit loss rate was 0.42% assets classified under Stage 1 and no asset under Stage 2 (As at 31 December



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
2021, the average credit loss rate was 0.24% for assets classified under Stage 1, no assets classified under Stage 2).

For credit impaired assets classified under Stage 3, the Group assessed credit loss allowances taking into account
the collateral securities under each contract and the financial situation of the borrower. The factors which the Group
considered when assessing the credit loss allowances included but not limited to: the industry sector of the borrower, the
stock price of the collateral securities, the average daily trading volume of the stock, the percentage of goodwill of the
stock issuer, significant risk parameters of the securities, whether the borrowers are the holding shareholders, the liquidity
and restriction on sales, the history of blacklist or defaults of the borrower, the total market pledged ratios of the stock, the
collateral situation, and the credit enhancement measures implemented by the borrower. The Group assessed the above




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
factors as well as collateral to loan ratios and past due days to evaluate and provide credit loss allowances, ranging from
10% to 100%.

For margin accounts receivable, the Group classified the exposures into three stages, considering the collateral coverage
ratios as the main indicator, the concentration of positions as the supplementary index, and taking into account the
borrowers' continuous repayment, the total balance of margin accounts, the liquidity of the collateral and other relevant
information. The Group applied corresponding loss rates for assets at different stages, and calculates the expected credit
loss accordingly.

As at 31 December 2022, the average credit loss rate was 0.71%, 7.93% and 100% for assets classified under Stage 1, 2 and
3, respectively (As at 31 December 2021, the average credit loss rate was 0.71%, 12.14% and 100% for assets classified under




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Stage 1, 2 and 3, respectively).

For credit business, when calculating the expected credit loss, the Group identified a number of indicators from three
dimensions: macroeconomic indicators, market environment and asset quality, taking into account forward-looking




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
information that can be obtained without unnecessary additional costs or efforts. By constructing the relationship between
these specific indicators and the loss rate, forward-looking adjustments were made to the expected credit loss of credit
business.




                                                                                                                                                379
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                               Stage 2             Stage 3
                                                     Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
          Margin accounts receivable                12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)     Total ECL



          As at 1 January, 2022                     780,028                  1,042,276              92,007       1,914,311

          Changes in the expected credit losses:

          — Transfer to Stage 1                     359,058                 (359,058)                     -             -

          — Transfer to Stage 2                            -                         -                    -             -

          — Transfer to Stage 3                      (2,369)                         -               2,369              -

          — Charged (credit) to profit or loss     (483,240)                   62,963               32,641     (387,636)

          — Other                                        183                     (222)               (280)         (319)

          As at 31 December 2022                    653,660                   745,959              126,737     1,526,356




                                                                               Stage 2             Stage 3
          Financial assets held under                Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
          resale agreements                         12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)     Total ECL



          As at 1 January, 2022                       12,440                         -             1,106,337     1,118,777

          Changes in the expected credit losses:

          — Transfer to Stage 1                            -                         -                    -             -

          — Transfer to Stage 2                            -                         -                    -             -

          — Transfer to Stage 3                         (191)                        -                   191            -

          — Charged (credit) to profit or loss        15,804                         -                (412)        15,392

          — Other                                         75                         -                4,169        4,244

          As at 31 December 2022                       28,128                        -             1,110,285     1,138,413




                                                                               Stage 2             Stage 3
          Debt instruments at fair value through     Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
          other comprehensive income                12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)     Total ECL



          As at 1 January, 2022                       47,736                         -              49,374         97,110

          Changes in the expected credit losses:

          — Transfer to Stage 1                            -                         -                    -             -

          — Transfer to Stage 2                            -                         -                    -             -

          — Transfer to Stage 3                            -                         -                    -             -

          — Charged (credit) to profit or loss      (20,032)                         -             (49,374)     (69,406)

          — Other                                       2,751                        -                    -         2,751

          As at 31 December 2022                      30,455                         -                    -       30,455




380
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(i) Maximum exposure to credit risk

Maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements:



                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                   2022                                2021



Debt instruments at amortised cost                                                            48,552,570                          32,421,516

Refundable deposits                                                                           42,706,777                          27,627,129

Accounts receivable                                                                             7,804,341                         10,287,174


                                                                                                                                                         About Us
Other receivables                                                                                631,698                           669,662

Margin accounts receivable                                                                100,648,375                            116,942,245

Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                                               10,504,379                         9,314,699
 comprehensive income

Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                  34,824,221                          11,751,970

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                         180,211,265                       169,364,439

Derivative financial assets                                                                    15,788,301                        15,247,805

Clearing settlement funds                                                                       8,716,506                         8,580,941




                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                                                  140,460,346                           143,640,263

Bank balances                                                                                 45,180,542                         37,237,593

Total maximum credit risk exposure                                                        636,029,321                           583,085,436




                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
The Group's credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognised as follows according to
the stage of ECL:



                                                                                 As at 31 December 2022

                                                                              Lifetime ECL-                   Lifetime ECL-




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Impairment and loss allowance                           12-month ECL    not credit impaired                 credit impaired           Total



Bank balances                                                    833                      -                                -            833

Margin accounts receivable                                   653,660               745,959                           126,737      1,526,356

Financial assets held under resale
  agreements                                                   28,128                     -                         1,110,285      1,138,413

Accounts receivable                                                -                  66,131                          2,400          68,531

Debt instruments at amortised cost                              5,132                     -                                -           5,132

Debt instruments at fair value through
 other comprehensive income                                   30,455                      -                                -        30,455

Other receivables and interest
 receivable                                                     1,224                25,062                          775,627        801,913




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Total                                                         719,432               837,152                       2,015,049       3,571,633




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                381
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                             As at 31 December 2021

                                                                                          Lifetime ECL-               Lifetime ECL-
          Impairment and loss allowance                   12-month ECL             not credit impaired             credit impaired               Total



          Bank balances                                            1,157                               -                               -           1,157

          Margin accounts receivable                           780,028                         1,042,276                          92,007       1,914,311

          Financial assets held under resale
            agreements                                           12,440                                -                      1,106,337        1,118,777

          Accounts receivable                                         -                          97,739                                -        97,739

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                     3,480                            11,635                               -          15,115

          Debt instruments at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                            47,736                                -                          49,374         97,110

          Other receivables and interest
           receivable                                                 -                          24,565                       777,490         802,055

          Total                                                 844,841                         1,176,215                   2,025,208        4,046,264




          (ii) Risk concentrations

          The Group's maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements, as
          categorised by geographical area:



                                                                                                 By geographical area

                                                                   Mainland China                    Outside Mainland China                     Total



          31 December 2022



          Debt instruments at amortised cost                               48,304,074                                 248,496              48,552,570

          Refundable deposits                                              34,006,658                                 8,700,119             42,706,777

          Accounts receivable                                               4,960,874                              2,843,467                 7,804,341

          Other receivables                                                   605,104                                  26,594                  631,698

          Margin accounts receivable                                       98,360,567                              2,287,808               100,648,375

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                             7,697,220                             2,807,159                10,504,379
           comprehensive income

          Financial assets held under resale
                                                                           32,896,763                              1,927,458                34,824,221
            agreements

          Financial assets at fair value through profit
                                                                           147,624,388                            32,586,877                180,211,265
            or loss

          Derivative financial assets                                         11,113,139                           4,675,162                15,788,301

          Clearing settlement funds                                          8,364,161                                352,345                8,716,506

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                         137,729,943                             2,730,403               140,460,346

          Bank balances                                                    30,087,099                             15,093,443                45,180,542

          Total maximum credit risk exposure                               561,749,990                            74,279,331               636,029,321




382
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                          By geographical area

                                                     Mainland China          Outside Mainland China                          Total



31 December 2021



Debt instruments at amortised cost                         32,192,280                        229,236                     32,421,516

Refundable deposits                                        24,549,150                       3,077,979                    27,627,129

Accounts receivable                                         8,818,900                       1,468,274                     10,287,174

Other receivables                                               497,259                       172,403                      669,662

Margin accounts receivable                                115,449,652                       1,492,593                   116,942,245


                                                                                                                                                About Us
Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                            5,668,616                      3,646,083                      9,314,699
 comprehensive income

Financial assets held under resale
                                                            9,129,894                      2,622,076                      11,751,970
  agreements

Financial assets at fair value through profit
                                                           141,200,472                     28,163,967                  169,364,439
  or loss

Derivative financial assets                                10,086,591                        5,161,214                   15,247,805

Clearing settlement funds                                  8,380,654                         200,287                      8,580,941

Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                  139,395,629                      4,244,634                    143,640,263




                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Bank balances                                              24,254,221                      12,983,372                   37,237,593

Total maximum credit risk exposure                        519,623,318                      63,462,118                  583,085,436




(iii) Credit rating analysis of financial assets                                                                                              and Strategies

With respect to bond investment business, the Company established a unified management system for issuers for the
aggregated monitoring of the total investment amount of the same issuer for different business units within the Group
through the system and implemented bottom-line control over credit bond investment in key industries. At the same time,
it also continuously promoted the construction of implementation of the access mechanism and restriction rules which are
linked to rating results of the CAMS system to improve the consistency of the internal assessment system and enhance the




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Group's overall risk identification and control capabilities.


(c) Liquidity risk management

Liquidity risk refers to the risk of the Company not being able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in time to
meet due debts, perform payment obligations and meet the capital requirements of normal businesses. The Company
established a fully functional liquidity risk management system to identify, measure, monitor, control and report on
its overall liquidity risk to improve the informatisation of liquidity risk management, enhance the capabilities in the
identification, measurement and monitoring of liquidity risk, and strengthen the Company's ability in addressing liquidity risk.
In addition, the Company also established a right-sized liquidity assets reserves based on the risk appetite and maintained
sufficient liquidity assets with high quality to ensure the satisfaction of liquidity needs under stressful scenarios in a timely




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
manner.

The following tables show the details of the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
Group's non-derivative financial liabilities and derivate financial liabilities. Analysis of non-derivative financial liabilities




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if
floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:




                                                                                                                                       383
384



                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2022

                                                                            Overdue/                       More than 1           More than 3        More than 1
                                                            Carrying     repayable on     Less than month but less than       months but less      year but less    More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                          HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial Liabilities                                 amount           demand         1 month          3 months             than 1 year      than 5 years       5 years    Undated         Total



      Short-term bank loans                                  7,997,434               -      4,495,571          2,125,582              1,429,795                -            -          -    8,050,948

      Short-term debt instruments issued                   25,772,604                -     8,024,227           8,236,474             9,803,689                 -            -          -   26,064,390

      Placements from other financial institutions          25,877,713               -    24,906,654            988,475                       -                -            -          -    25,895,129

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                152,551,723      152,551,723             -                 -                       -                -            -          -    152,551,723

      Other payables and accruals                          108,427,946     105,475,895       1,115,945            94,614               361,324          1,362,011       71,140         -   108,480,929

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                           144,117,998               -    118,041,048         13,726,885            10,090,026         2,579,582            -          -   144,437,541
        agreements

      Derivative financial liabilities                       9,638,125               -     2,064,342           4,314,468              2,731,465         527,850             -          -     9,638,125

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                           48,575,559         8,114,408     4,827,141          4,627,252             8,470,564        19,732,533     2,951,340         -    48,723,238
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                      139,419,338               -       555,178          11,495,224              21,135,114     107,619,247     9,448,480         -   150,253,243

      Long-term bank loans                                    804,903                -              -             6,486                 19,457            857,711           -          -      883,654

      Total                                                663,183,343     266,142,026    164,030,106         45,615,460            54,041,434       132,678,934    12,470,960         -   674,978,920
                                                                                                                           As at 31 December 2021

                                                                             Overdue/                        More than 1           More than 3        More than 1
                                                            Carrying      repayable on      Less than     month but less        months but less      year but less    More than
      Financial Liabilities                                 amount            demand          1 month     than 3 months             than 1 year      than 5 years       5 years     Undated         Total



      Short-term bank loans                                 8,492,290                 -      3,677,352          4,824,071                       -                -             -          -     8,501,423

      Short-term debt instruments issued                   53,598,658                 -      11,887,249        10,933,249              31,316,916                -             -          -     54,137,414

      Placements from other financial institutions           14,018,721               -     13,645,668            236,091                140,547                 -             -          -    14,022,306

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                147,501,833       147,501,833             -                  -                       -                -             -          -    147,501,833

      Other payables and accruals                          106,541,835       104,129,946       811,668             56,313                280,156         1,338,650          1,545         -    106,618,278

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                          130,710,001               -    106,860,905          12,815,426              11,174,143               -             -          -   130,850,474

      Derivative financial liabilities                      10,643,222                -      1,699,025           1,217,800             6,382,623          1,343,774            -          -    10,643,222

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                             31,122,918       5,558,208       2,272,315         1,577,020              6,353,157         12,740,818     2,621,400         -      31,122,918
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                      133,338,427                -       548,200           7,521,028              31,312,783       97,280,227     8,605,300          -   145,267,538

      Long-term bank loans                                     722,816                -              -              3,723                   11,168         752,596             -          -       767,487

      Total                                                636,690,721      257,189,987     141,402,382         39,184,721            86,971,493        113,456,065    11,228,245         -   649,432,893




385
                                           Financial Report and                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                                  Corporate Governance                                                                About Us                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                             and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (d) Market risk management

          Market risk refers to the risk resulting from the movements in market prices such as exchange rates, interest rates and stock
          prices, which could have an impact on the income of the Group or the value of financial instruments held by the Group.
          The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk within the acceptable range and to
          maximise the risk adjusted return.

          (i) Interest rate risk

          Interest rate risk refers to the risk that movements in market interest rate will cause fluctuation in the Company's financial
          position and cash flow. The Company's interest-bearing assets mainly include bank balances, clearing settlement
          funds, margin accounts receivable, financial assets purchased under resale agreements, refundable deposits and
          bond investments; interest-bearing liabilities mainly include short-term bank loans, short-term debt instruments issued,
          placements from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, accounts payable to
          brokerage clients, long-term bonds and long-term bank loans, amongst others.

          For financial instruments held on the balance sheet date that expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk, the Group
          adopts sensitivity analysis as the primary instrument for monitoring interest rate risk. Sensitivity analysis measures the
          effect of any reasonable and potential changes to the interest rate on the net profits and shareholders' equity under the
          assumption that all the other variables remain constant.




386
      The following tables indicate the assets and liabilities as at the end of the reporting period by the expected next repricing dates or by maturity dates, depending on which is earlier:



                                                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2022

                                                               Less than          More than 1 month     More than 3 months             More than 1 year   More than           Non-interest
      Financial assets                                           1 month     but less than 3 months     but less than 1 year      but less than 5 years     5 years               bearing            Total



      Investment in a joint venture at fair value through
                                                                        -                          -                       -                          -           -                741,464         741,464
        profit or loss

      Debt instruments at amortised cost                                -                 2,539,755                 9,164,018                15,342,932   20,306,747               1,199,118    48,552,570

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                  941,395                   706,702                 1,134,061                 6,826,953     657,568                237,700      10,504,379
      comprehensive income

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                        -                          -                       -                          -           -                241,587         241,587
        comprehensive income

      Financial assets held under resale agreements           28,763,564                     525,128                5,501,417                         -           -                  34,112     34,824,221

      Refundable deposits                                       3,750,986                          -                       -                          -           -              38,955,791     42,706,777

      Accounts receivable                                               -                          -                       -                          -           -               7,804,341      7,804,341

      Other receivables                                                 -                          -                       -                          -           -                631,698         631,698

      Margin accounts receivable                                 8,461,214                25,715,434              61,974,095                          -           -              4,497,632     100,648,375

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     2,263,844                 8,204,952               50,238,616                69,299,438    47,030,215            173,767,480    350,804,545

      Derivative financial assets                                1,199,078                         -                       -                          -           -              14,589,223      15,788,301

      Clearing settlement funds                                 8,716,492                          -                       -                          -           -                      14      8,716,506

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                 140,221,777                         -                       -                          -           -                238,569     140,460,346

      Cash and bank balances                                   40,672,383                  2,179,170               2,250,000                          -           -                  79,192     45,180,745

      Total                                                   234,990,733                  39,871,141            130,262,207                 91,469,323   67,994,530            243,017,921    807,605,855




387
                                       Financial Report and                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                                             Corporate Governance                                                                  About Us                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                                    and Strategies
388



                                                                                                                              As at 31 December 2022

                                                             Less than           More than 1 month    More than 3 months            More than 1 year    More than     Non-interest
      Financial assets                                         1 month      but less than 3 months    but less than 1 year     but less than 5 years      5 years         bearing             Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                        HUATAI SECURITIES




      Short-term bank loans                                 (4,465,950)                (2,089,663)              (1,393,108)                        -             -         (48,713)      (7,997,434)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                    (8,023,902)                 (8,125,329)             (9,467,421)                        -             -        (155,952)    (25,772,604)

      Placements from other financial institutions         (24,887,159)                  (975,044)                       -                         -             -         (15,510)     (25,877,713)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                (152,541,660)                         -                       -                         -             -         (10,063)    (152,551,723)

      Other payables and accruals                              (47,758)                    (93,231)              (351,653)                 (955,201)      (70,743)    (106,909,360)    (108,427,946)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                            (117,918,819)              (13,675,780)            (9,890,890)               (2,439,210)             -        (193,299)     (144,117,998)
        agreements

      Derivative financial liabilities                        (237,263)                          -                       -                         -             -     (9,400,862)       (9,638,125)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                            (11,254,242)                (4,627,252)           (10,393,026)               (17,170,404)            -      (5,130,635)    (48,575,559)
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                           (6,978)                (10,785,840)            (17,814,179)            (101,657,640)    (7,200,000)      (1,954,701)   (139,419,338)

      Long-term bank loans                                             -                         -                       -                (804,903)              -                -       (804,903)

      Total                                                (319,383,731)               (40,372,139)            (49,310,277)            (123,027,358)    (7,270,743)   (123,819,095)    (663,183,343)

      Net interest rate risk exposure                      (84,392,998)                  (500,998)              80,951,930              (31,558,035)     60,723,787      119,198,825      144,422,511
                                                                                                                                As at 31 December 2021

                                                               Less than         More than 1 month    More than 3 months               More than 1 year    More than           Non-interest
      Financial assets                                           1 month    but less than 3 months     but less than 1 year       but less than 5 years      5 years               bearing            Total



      Investment in a joint venture at fair value through
                                                                       -                         -                        -                           -             -               823,289        823,289
        profit or loss

      Debt instruments at amortised cost                         299,958                  1,259,997               5,437,854                   15,681,423    9,220,654                521,630      32,421,516

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                 336,207                   667,300                3,655,158                   3,768,350       741,439                146,245      9,314,699
       comprehensive income

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                       -                         -                        -                           -             -                163,138         163,138
        comprehensive income

      Financial assets held under resale agreements             6,525,631                   837,184               4,353,459                           -             -                35,696        11,751,970

      Refundable deposits                                       3,235,263                        -                        -                           -             -             24,391,866      27,627,129

      Accounts receivable                                              -                         -                        -                           -             -              10,287,174     10,287,174

      Other receivables                                                -                         -                        -                           -             -               669,662        669,662

      Margin accounts receivable                                8,002,716               27,380,854               77,263,453                           -             -              4,295,222     116,942,245

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     3,705,934                4,895,760                52,754,191                 65,670,791     35,017,149           193,215,347    355,259,172

      Derivative financial assets                                 90,322                         -                        -                           -             -             15,157,483     15,247,805

      Clearing settlement funds                                 8,580,920                        -                        -                           -             -                      21     8,580,941

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                143,459,329                        -                        -                           -             -                180,934    143,640,263

      Cash and bank balances                                   34,407,577                  509,395                2,285,162                           -             -                35,667       37,237,801

      Total                                                   208,643,857               35,550,490              145,749,277                  85,120,564    44,979,242           249,923,374     769,966,804




389
                                       Financial Report and                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                            Corporate Governance                                                                    About Us                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                                   and Strategies
390



                                                                                                                                As at 31 December 2021

                                                              Less than          More than 1 month     More than 3 months             More than 1 year    More than     Non-interest
      Financial assets                                          1 month     but less than 3 months      but less than 1 year     but less than 5 years      5 years         bearing             Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                          HUATAI SECURITIES




      Short-term bank loans                                  (3,673,889)                (4,813,735)                        -                         -             -          (4,666)     (8,492,290)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                     (11,837,978)              (10,843,375)             (30,637,351)                         -             -       (279,954)     (53,598,658)

      Placements from other financial institutions          (13,638,785)                  (235,901)                (140,265)                         -             -          (3,770)      (14,018,721)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                (147,489,797)                          -                        -                         -             -         (12,036)    (147,501,833)

      Other payables and accruals                               (22,155)                  (48,904)                 (258,354)                 (899,687)        (1,456)    (105,311,279)   (106,541,835)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                           (106,689,609)               (12,765,354)              (11,025,524)                        -             -        (229,514)     (130,710,001)
        agreements

      Derivative financial liabilities                          (95,196)                          -                        -                         -             -     (10,548,026)     (10,643,222)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                             (6,962,429)                 (1,577,020)             (5,579,759)               (12,217,046)     (311,096)     (4,475,568)      (31,122,918)
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                                  -                (7,000,000)              (27,801,790)              (89,119,660)   (7,200,000)      (2,216,977)   (133,338,427)

      Long-term bank loans                                             -                          -                        -                  (722,816)            -                -        (722,816)

      Total                                                (290,409,838)               (37,284,289)             (75,443,043)             (102,959,209)    (7,512,552)    (123,081,790)   (636,690,721)

      Net interest rate risk exposure                        (81,765,981)                (1,733,799)              70,306,234               (17,838,645)   37,466,690      126,841,584     133,276,083
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
For those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
reporting period, the Group adopts sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
Group's net profit and equity. Assuming all other variables remain constant and without taking into consideration of the
management's activities to reduce interest rate risk, interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:



                                                                              Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                As at 31 December

Move in yield curve                                                                 2022                                  2021




                                                                                                                                            About Us
Up 100 basis points                                                           (2,606,204)                            (2,135,979)

Down 100 basis points                                                           2,991,994                              2,261,148




                                                                              Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                As at 31 December

Move in yield curve                                                                 2022                                  2021



Up 100 basis points                                                           (2,732,825)                            (2,203,921)



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Down 100 basis points                                                           3,123,950                             2,331,929




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's net profit and equity that would arise
assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-
measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end
of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative
instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group's net profit and equity is
estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(ii) Currency risk

Currency risk is the risk arising from foreign exchange business of the Group, which is attributable to the fluctuation of
foreign exchange rates. Apart from the assets and liabilities held by the Group's overseas subsidiaries which use Hong
Kong dollars or U.S. dollars as their functional currency, other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
mainly represent foreign currency cash and bank balances held by domestic enterprises, foreign currency financial assets
and liabilities arising from cross-border business, as well as foreign currency financial assets acquired by subsidiaries. In
respect of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as cash and bank balances, clearing settlement
funds, refundable deposits, accounts receivable, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, accounts payable and long-
term bonds that are not accounted for with their functional currency, the Group has ensured that their net risk exposure are
maintained at an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at market exchange rates where necessary to




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
address the short-term imbalances.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   391
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Assuming all other risk variables remained constant and without consideration of risk management measures undertaken
          by the Group, a 10% strengthening of the RMB against USD and HKD at the reporting date would have increased / (decreased)
          the Group's equity and net profit by the amount shown below, whose effect is in RMB and translated using the spot rate at
          the reporting date:



                                                                                     Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                       As at 31 December

          Currency                                                                          2022                                   2021



          USD                                                                          (835,159)                                1,375,888

          HKD                                                                         (1,483,611)                              (594,038)




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                       As at 31 December

          Currency                                                                          2022                                   2021



          USD                                                                          (835,159)                                495,930

          HKD                                                                        (2,964,476)                               (699,986)




          A 10% weakening of the RMB against the USD and HKD at balance date would have had the equal but opposite effect on
          them to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remained constant.

          Due to the above assumptions, the result of sensitivity analysis on exchange rate changes may be different, compared with
          the actual changes in the Group's net profit and equity of may arise with this.

          (iii) Price risks

          The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments concluded in financial instruments at
          fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Price risk the
          Group facing is mainly the proportionate fluctuation in the Group's net profits due to the price fluctuation of the financial
          instruments at fair value through profit or loss and the proportionate fluctuation in the Group's equity due to the price
          fluctuation of the financial instruments measured at fair value.

          Sensitivity analysis

          The analysis below is performed to show the impact on Group's net profit and equity due to change in the prices of equity
          securities by 10% with all other variables held constant.




392
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                            Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                  2022                                      2021



Increase by 10%                                                              6,004,806                                 5,980,478

Decrease by 10%                                                             (6,004,806)                               (5,980,478)




                                                                            Sensitivity of net equity




                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                  2022                                      2021



Increase by 10%                                                               6,024,232                                5,993,347

Decrease by 10%                                                             (6,024,232)                               (5,993,347)




The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's net profit and equity that would arise assuming
that the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end of the reporting period



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to equity
price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also assumed that the fair values of the Group's equity investments would



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
change in accordance with the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2022 and 2021.


(e) Operational risk management

Operational risk refers to the risk on the Company's losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal procedures, staff,
system or external events, which lead to inefficient internal procedures, mistakes of staff in operation or failure to strictly
enforce the established procedures. The Risk Management Department takes the lead in managing the operational risk of
the Company. Each risk management departments, business departments and support departments perform operational




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
risk management in their respective business and management areas according to their segregation of functions.
The Company adopts technological measures to prevent the emergence of operational risks in different business and
management procedures as well as key segments, whilst at the same time strengthens process controls, to ensure
effective implementation of operational risk management policies and systems. The Company carries out self-assessment
of risk and control, monitoring of key risk indicators and gathering of loss data as additional approaches to strengthen the
management of operational risks.

Based on the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the CSRC, the National
Audit Office and the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission as well as its supporting guidelines and the
relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities and the Company, the Company has developed the risk-based internal
control standards and carried out relevant continuous improvement initiatives. It has combined the self-assessment of




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
operational risk with the self-assessment of internal controls; comprehensively sorted out and evaluated the inherent
risks and control activities in various business processes; tested the effectiveness of control design and implementation;
rectified the internal control weaknesses; comprehensively sorted out and optimised various business segments, systems




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
and processes of the Company; whilst at the same time supplemented and improved the risk control matrix and internal
control manual; recorded the risk points, key control activities and major business flow charts in order to ensure that the
Company's internal control measures are properly in place and the effectiveness of risk management. In addition, the
Company has also integrated the management of operational risk and internal controls into daily operation; participated
in the design of system, procedures and plan for new business throughout the entire process; fully identified and
comprehensively evaluated the operational risks; and performed various pre-, middle- and post management measures
such as setting up front-end controls, standardising business processes, creating risk-discovery indicators and conducting
training and inspection in order to implement internal controls at key risk points.




                                                                                                                                    393
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (f) Capital management

          The Group's objectives of capital management are:

          (i) To safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern so that they can continue to provide returns for
          shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;

          (ii) To support the Group's stability and growth;

          (iii) To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of their business; and

          (iv) To comply with the capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States regulations.

          On 23 January 2020 and 16 June 2020, the revised Rules on Standards for the Calculation of Risk Control Indicators of
          Securities Companies and the revised Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies were
          issued by the CSRC ("Revised Administrative Measures"). The Company is required to meet the following standards for risk
          control indicators on a continual basis from 1 June 2020:

          (i) The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its various risk capital provisions shall be no less than 100%;

          (ii) The ratio of net capital divided by net assets shall be no less than 20%;

          (iii) The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8% ;

          (iv) The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10%;

          (v) The ratio of the value of equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 100% ;

          (vi) The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 500%;

          (vii) The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance sheet and off balance sheet assets shall be no less than 8%;

          (viii) The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by net cash outflows for the next 30 days shall be no less than 100%;

          (ix) The ratio of available stable funds divided by required stable funds shall be no less than 100%; and

          (x) The ratio of margin financing (including securities lending) divided by net capital shall not exceed 400%.

          Net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the Administrative Measures.

          As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, the Company maintained net capital and the above ratios as follows:



                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2022                                   2021



          Net Capital                                                                        92,969,667                             82,314,070

          The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its
                                                                                               240.12%                                246.45%
            various risk capital provisions

          The ratio of net capital divided by net assets                                        64.73%                                 64.97%

          The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities                                        23.14%                                21.42%

          The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities                                        35.75%                                 32.97%

          The ratio of the value of equity securities and
                                                                                                45.73%                                 49.80%
            derivatives held divided by net capital

          The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and
                                                                                               316.82%                                291.29%
            derivatives held divided by net capital

          The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance
                                                                                                 14.10%                                15.99%
            sheet and off balance sheet assets

          The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by
                                                                                               166.57%                                169.68%
            net cash outflows for the next 30 days

          The ratio of available stable funds divided by
                                                                                                129.33%                               126.98%
            required stable funds

          The ratio of margin financing (including securities
                                                                                                131.03%                               175.89%
            lending) divided by net capital




394
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Similar to the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Group are also subject to capital requirements under the Mainland
China, Hong Kong and the United States regulatory requirements, respectively. These subsidiaries comply with the capital
requirements during the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.


(g) Transfer of financial assets

The Group transferred financial assets to certain counterparties through repurchase agreements and securities lending.
These securities are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position because the Group retains
substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities.

The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell debt securities classified as financial


                                                                                                                                                    About Us
assets at fair value through profit or loss and debt instruments at amortised cost. Sales and repurchase agreements are
transactions in which the Group sell a security, and agree to repurchase it at the agreed date and price. The repurchase
prices are fixed and the Group is still exposed to substantially all the credit risks, market risks and rewards of those securities
sold. These securities are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position because the Group
retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial assets.

The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients to lend out its equity securities and exchange-traded
funds classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As stipulated in the securities lending agreements, the
legal ownership of these equity securities and exchange-traded funds is transferred to the clients. Although the clients are


                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
allowed to sell these securities during the covered period, they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at
specified future dates. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks and interests of these securities



                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
and therefore has not derecognised these securities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values of the transferred financial assets that are not
derecognised in their entirety and the associated liabilities:


As at 31 December 2022



                                                 Financial assets at fair value through            Debt investment at




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                             profit or loss                           amortised cost

                                             Sales and repurchase                                 Sales and repurchase
                                                      agreements           Securities lending              agreements            Total



Carrying amount of transferred assets                     4,514,082                 2,902,260                    50,458      7,466,800

Carrying amount of associated liabilities                (4,125,761)                         -                (48,486)      (4,174,247)

Net position                                                388,321                 2,902,260                      1,972     3,292,553




As at 31 December 2021




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                                                 Financial assets at fair value through            Debt investment at
                                                             profit or loss                           amortised cost

                                              Sales and repurchase                                Sales and repurchase
                                                       agreements          Securities lending              agreements            Total




                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
Carrying amount of transferred assets                      5,014,218                  5,156,319                 1,097,169     11,267,706

Carrying amount of associated liabilities                (4,635,158)                         -                (1,019,936)   (5,655,094)

Net position                                                379,060                   5,156,319                   77,233       5,612,612




                                                                                                                                           395
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          62 Fair value information

          (a) Fair value of financial instruments

          Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
          market participations at the measurement date.

          (i) Financial instruments in Level I

          The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the
          statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an
          exchange, dealer, broker and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm's length
          basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the closing price within bid-ask spread. These
          instruments are included in Level I.

          (ii) Financial instruments in Level II

          The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques.
          These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible
          on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
          included in Level II.

          (iii) Financial instruments in Level III

          If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level III.


          (b) Fair value of other financial instruments (carried at other than fair value)

          The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis is estimated by the
          active market quotation or determined in accordance with discounted cash flow method.

          The main parameters used in discounted cash flow method for financial instruments held by the Group that are not
          measured at fair value on a recurring basis include bond interest rates, foreign exchange rates and counterparty credit
          spreads.

          The carrying amount and fair value of debt instruments at amortised cost investments, short-term debt instruments issued
          and long-term bonds which are not presented at fair value are listed as below:



          Carrying amount


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                            2022                                          2021



          Financial assets

          - Debt instruments at amortised cost                                         48,552,570                                     32,421,516

          Total                                                                        48,552,570                                     32,421,516



          Financial liabilities

          - Short-term debt instruments issued                                       (25,772,604)                                (53,598,658)

          - Long-term bonds                                                          (139,419,338)                               (133,338,427)

          Total                                                                      (165,191,942)                               (186,937,085)




396
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Fair value


                                                                       As at 31 December 2022

                                                  Level I                 Level II                   Level III         Total



Financial assets

- Debt instruments at amortised cost                    -              48,923,303                            -     48,923,303

Total                                                   -              48,923,303                            -     48,923,303




                                                                                                                                          About Us
Financial liabilities

- Short-term debt instruments issued                    -                9,133,900                 16,634,558      25,768,458

- Long-term bonds                                       -               115,183,301                24,857,323     140,040,624

Total                                                   -               124,317,201                 41,491,881    165,809,082




                                                                       As at 31 December 2021

                                                  Level I                  Level II                  Level III          Total




                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Financial assets

- Debt instruments at amortised cost                    -               32,781,490                           -      32,781,490




                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Total                                                   -               32,781,490                           -      32,781,490



Financial liabilities

- Short-term debt instruments issued           37,277,709                         -                 16,325,123     53,602,832

- Long-term bonds                              112,667,024               6,100,632                 15,447,590      134,215,246

Total                                         149,944,733                6,100,632                  31,772,713     187,818,078




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
The fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities included in the level II and III categories above have been
determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the
most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties.

Except for the above, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
liabilities recorded in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position approximate their fair value.




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 397
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (c) Fair value of financial instruments carried at fair value

          The table below analyses financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, by the level in
          the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised. It does not include fair value information for
          financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of
          fair value.



                                                                               As at 31 December 2022

                                                            Level I               Level II                 Level III               Total



          Assets

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss

          - Debt securities                               1,731,297            172,159,442                   314,711         174,205,450

          - Equity securities                           90,450,244                 48,204                16,878,323           107,376,771

          - Funds                                       44,567,500               869,420                    106,443           45,543,363

          - Wealth management products                            -           20,575,405                           -          20,575,405

          - Loan and advances                                     -                      -                3,103,556             3,103,556

          Debt instruments at fair value through
                                                                  -             9,826,506                   677,873           10,504,379
           other comprehensive income

          Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                                  -               153,793                    87,794              241,587
            other comprehensive income

          Other investment

          - Unlisted investment in a joint venture                -                      -                  741,464              741,464

          Derivative financial assets                      109,080             12,443,939                 3,235,282            15,788,301

          Total                                         136,858,121           216,076,709                25,145,446          378,080,276



          Liabilities

          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss

          - Financial liabilities held for trading      (1,275,845)           (35,231,451)                         -        (36,507,296)

          - Financial liabilities designated at fair
                                                         (315,303)            (2,092,813)               (9,660,147)          (12,068,263)
             value through profit or loss

          Derivative financial liabilities                (130,351)           (8,226,125)                (1,281,649)          (9,638,125)

          Total                                         (1,721,499)          (45,550,389)               (10,941,796)         (58,213,684)




398
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                  As at 31 December 2021

                                                 Level I              Level II                Level III               Total



Assets

Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss

- Debt securities                              1,478,884           158,618,052                499,955           160,596,891

- Equity securities                           111,833,214           6,166,907                4,122,063           122,122,184

- Funds                                       48,717,822              916,923                         -          49,634,745

- Wealth management products                           -            19,294,123                        -           19,294,123



                                                                                                                                          About Us
- Loan and advances                                    -                     -                3,611,229            3,611,229

Debt instruments at fair value through
 other comprehensive income                            -             8,405,174                909,525             9,314,699

Equity instruments at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                           -               74,532                  88,606                163,138

Other investment

- Unlisted investment in a joint venture               -                     -                823,289               823,289

Derivative financial assets                       72,207           12,495,885                2,679,713           15,247,805

Total                                         162,102,127         205,971,596               12,734,380          380,808,103




                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Liabilities

Financial liabilities at fair value through



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
  profit or loss

- Financial liabilities held for trading      (523,841)          (26,647,350)                         -           (27,171,191)

- Financial liabilities designated at fair
                                               (249,712)              (95,161)             (3,606,854)           (3,951,727)
   value through profit or loss

Derivative financial liabilities               (79,678)            (8,411,922)              (2,151,622)         (10,643,222)

Total                                         (853,231)           (35,154,433)             (5,758,476)          (41,766,140)




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
For the year ended 31 December 2022, there was no transfer from Level II to Level I (For the year ended 31 December 2021:
RMB2,509 million).




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 399
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (i) Valuation methods for financial instruments in Level II



          Financial assets and liabilities             Fair value hierarchy                       Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)



          Debt securities at fair value through                               Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted
                                                             Level II
           profit or loss                                                     at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the bonds.



          Equity securities at fair value through
                                                             Level II         Recent transaction prices.
            profit or loss



          Funds at fair value through profit or loss         Level II         Net asset value as published by the fund managers.



          Wealth management products at fair
                                                             Level II         Net asset value as published by the managers of products.
           value through profit or loss



          Debt instruments at fair value through                              Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted
                                                             Level II
           other comprehensive income                                         at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the bonds.



          Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                             Level II         Recent transaction prices.
            other comprehensive income



                                                                              Discounted cash flow. Future cash flows are estimated based on forward
          Derivative financial assets/ derivative                             exchange rates (from observable forward exchange rates at the end of the
                                                             Level II
           financial liabilities                                              reporting period) and contract forward rates, discounted at a rate that reflects
                                                                              the credit risk of various counterparties.



                                                                              Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted at a rate
          Financial liabilities held for trading             Level II
                                                                              that reflects the credit risk of the debt instruments.



          Financial liabilities designated at fair                            Calculated based on the fair value of the underlying investments which are debt
                                                             Level II
            value through profit or loss                                      securities and publicly traded equity investments in each portfolio.




400
                                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(ii) Valuation methods for Financial instruments in Level III



                                                                                                     Significant unobservable      Relationship of unobservable
Financial assets and liabilities           Fair value hierarchy        Valuation technique(s)                        input(s)              input(s) to fair value



                                                                                                                                  The higher the risk adjusted
Loan and advances and debt                                                                                                        discount rate, the lower the fair
                                                                                                 Risk adjusted discount rate
  securities at fair value through              Level III         Discounted cash flow model                                      value; the higher the expected
                                                                                                 and expected cash flow.
  profit or loss                                                                                                                  cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                  value.




                                                                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                                                 Indicators such as P/E and       The higher the discount,
                                                                  Market approach, with an
Unlisted equity securities at fair                                                               P/B multiples of comparable      the lower the fair value; the
                                                Level III         adjustment or discount for
 value through profit or loss                                                                    listed companies, and            higher the valuation multiples,
                                                                  lack of marketability
                                                                                                 liquidity discount rate.         the higher the fair value.



                                                                                                                                  The higher the risk adjusted
Debt instruments at fair value                                                                                                    discount rate, the lower the fair
                                                                                                 Risk adjusted discount rate
 through other comprehensive                    Level III         Discounted cash flow model                                      value; the higher the expected
                                                                                                 and expected cash flow.
 income                                                                                                                           cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                  value.




                                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                                                 Indicators such as P/E and       The higher the discount, the
Equity instruments at fair value                                  Market approach, with an
                                                                                                 P/B multiples of comparable      lower the fair value; the higher
  through other comprehensive                   Level III         adjustment or discount for
                                                                                                 listed companies, and            the valuation multiples, the
  income                                                          lack of marketability




                                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                                                 liquidity discount rate.         higher the fair value.



                                                                                                                                  The higher the risk adjusted
                                                                                                                                  discount rate, the lower the fair
Unlisted investment in a joint                                                                   Risk adjusted discount rate
                                                Level III         Discounted cash flow model                                      value; the higher the expected
 venture                                                                                         and expected cash flow.
                                                                                                                                  cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                  value.



                                                                  Black-Scholes option pricing                                    The higher the price volatility,
Derivative financial assets/                                                                     Price volatility of underlying
                                                Level III         model /Monte-Carlo option                                       the greater the impact on the
 derivative financial liabilities                                                                assets.




                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                  pricing model                                                   fair value.



                                                                  Market approach, with an       Indicators such as P/E and       The higher the discount,
Financial liabilities designated at fair                          adjustment or discount for     P/B multiples of comparable      the lower the fair value; the
                                                Level III
  value through profit or loss                                    lack of marketability of the   listed companies, and            higher the valuation multiples,
                                                                  underlying portfolios          liquidity discount rate.         the higher the fair value.



                                                                  Black-Scholes option pricing                                    The higher the price volatility,
Financial liabilities designated at fair                                                         Price volatility of underlying
                                                Level III         model /Monte-Carlo option                                       the greater the impact on the
  value through profit or loss                                                                   assets.
                                                                  pricing model                                                   fair value.




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                      401
402



      (iii) Financial instruments in Level III

      The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurement in Level III of the fair value hierarchy:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Debt instruments at        Equity instruments
                                              Financial assets at                      fair value through       assets at fair value                                       Financial liabilities   Derivative
                                               fair value through           Other   other comprehensive              through other           Derivative                  at fair value through      financial
                                                     profit or loss   investment                   income    comprehensive income      financial assets         Total             profit or loss    liabilities         Total



      As at 1 January 2022                               8,233,247        823,289                909,525                      88,606          2,679,713     12,734,380             (3,606,854)     (2,151,622)    (5,758,476)

      Transfer in                                          144,869              -                       -                          -                  -       144,869                          -              -             -

      Transfer out                                                -             -                       -                          -                  -             -                          -              -             -

      Gains or losses for the year                        2,150,416      (81,825)                  186,181                         -          2,192,347      4,447,119                   39,004    (804,995)        (765,991)

      Changes in fair value recognised
       in other comprehensive income                              -             -                 (18,757)                     (812)                  -       (19,569)                         -       56,828          56,828

      Additions                                         13,297,335              -                 367,758                          -              1,053     13,666,146             (6,208,983)       (40,364)     (6,249,347)

      Sales                                            (1,048,901)              -                       -                          -               (12)    (1,048,913)                         -       50,200          50,200

      Settlements                                      (2,373,933)              -               (766,834)                          -         (1,637,819)   (4,778,586)                   116,686    1,608,304       1,724,990

      As at 31 December 2022                           20,403,033         741,464                 677,873                     87,794          3,235,282    25,145,446               (9,660,147)    (1,281,649)    (10,941,796)

      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for
        assets/liability held at the end of
        the reporting period                              (281,731)      (81,825)                       -                          -          1,063,425       699,869                 (619,585)    (1,252,215)     (1,871,800)
                                                                                      Debt instruments at        Equity instruments
                                              Financial assets at                       fair value through       assets at fair value                                        Financial liabilities    Derivative
                                               fair value through            Other   other comprehensive              through other            Derivative                  at fair value through       financial
                                                     profit or loss    investment                   income    comprehensive income       financial assets        Total              profit or loss     liabilities        Total



      As at 1 January 2021                               12,343,592        888,195                 877,244                      91,551            402,155    14,602,737                 (3,184,018)   (1,508,593)     (4,692,611)

      Transfer in                                           761,515              -                       -                          -                   -        761,515                         -               -             -

      Transfer out                                       (1,192,728)             -                       -                          -                   -    (1,192,728)                         -               -             -

      Gains or losses for the year                      (1,537,609)       (64,906)                   10,357                         -             756,736     (835,422)                 (563,382)     (2,026,714)    (2,590,096)

      Changes in fair value recognised
       in other comprehensive income                              -              -                  (6,812)                    (2,945)                  -       (9,757)                          -          20,164        20,164

      Additions                                           5,867,410              -                 566,508                          -             294,056     6,727,974                          -      (344,153)      (344,153)

      Sales                                               (613,010)              -                       -                          -           (263,616)    (876,626)                       1,282        402,951       404,233

      Settlements                                      (7,395,923)               -                (537,772)                         -            1,490,382   (6,443,313)                   139,264       1,304,723     1,443,987

      As at 31 December 2021                             8,233,247         823,289                 909,525                     88,606            2,679,713   12,734,380               (3,606,854)      (2,151,622)   (5,758,476)

      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for
        assets/liability held at the end of
        the reporting period                            (1,809,940)       (64,906)                       -                          -            2,182,267      307,421                  (165,692)       (882,112)   (1,047,804)




      For the period ended 31 December 2022, the transfers into or out of Level III fair value measurements were resulted from the changes of valuation techniques and inputs used in fair value
      measurements (For the year ended 31 December 2021: the same).




403
                                        Financial Report and                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                                     Corporate Governance                                                                          About Us                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                                       and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          63 Equity-settled share-based transactions


                                                                      As at             Accrued              Decrease                As at
                                                     Notes   1 January 2022         for the year           for the year   31 December 2022



          Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of
                                                      (a)            98,209              125,772                      -             223,981
            A Shares
          Share-based payments of an
                                                      (b)          1,150,320              123,321                     -            1,273,641
            overseas subsidiary
          Total                                                    1,248,529            249,093                       -           1,497,622




                                                                      As at             Accrued              Decrease                As at
                                                     Notes   1 January 2021         for the year           for the year   31 December 2021



          Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of
                                                      (a)                 -               98,209                      -              98,209
            A Shares
          Share-based payments of an
                                                      (b)          1,004,839              145,481                     -            1,150,320
            overseas subsidiary
          Total                                                    1,004,839            243,690                       -            1,248,529




          (a) Restricted share incentive scheme of A shares

          The Company carried out a Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares whereby the Company grant restricted A shares
          to the Incentive Participants in return for their services. On 29 March 2021, 45,488,000 restricted A Shares were granted to 810
          incentive participants at the grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. As at 30 March 2021, the Company had in aggregate received
          subscription proceeds of RMB413,940,800 from 810 incentive participants. There are three unlocking periods under the
          incentive scheme. As at 31 December 2022, the weighted average remaining contractual life of the incentive scheme is 1.27
          years. Details of the shares of the scheme as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are set out below:



                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

          Number of shares                                                                 2022                                       2021



          Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                   44,463,027                                           -

          Granted during the year                                                              -                                 45,488,000

          Exercised during the year                                                            -                                          -

          Forfeited during the year                                                   (674,973)                                  (1,024,973)

          Expired during the year                                                              -                                           -

          Outstanding at the end of the year                                         43,788,054                                  44,463,027



          Exercisable at the end of the year                                         43,788,054                                  44,463,027




404
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
As at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, cumulative amount of RMB223.98 million and RMB98.21 million were
recognised in the capital reserve and non-controlling interests of the Group, respectively. The total expenses recognised for
the year ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 were RMB125.77 million and RMB98.21 million, respectively.

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company recognized share-based payment expense amounted to RMB16.49
million, for the restricted shares granted to the Company's key management personnel (For the year ended 31 December
2021: RMB11.52million).

The fair value of services received in return for restricted share Incentive scheme is measured by reference to the fair value
of shares. The estimate of the fair value of restricted shares granted is measured based on the closing price of shares at
grant date, which is RMB17.24 per share.


(b) Share-based payments of an overseas subsidiary                                                                                            About Us

On 3 July 2019, AssetMark granted the equity incentive plan ("the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan"). The 2019 Equity Incentive Plan
was effective on 17 July 2019, i.e. the effective date of the S-1 registration form of the Initial Public Offering ("IPO").

(i) Restricted Stock Awards (RSAs)

On 17 July 2019, AssetMark granted the original holders of Restricted Stock Awards equal to 6,309,049 shares of AssetMark
common stock.


                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
(ii) Stock Options




                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
In connection with the IPO, AssetMark issued options to certain officers to acquire an aggregate of 918,981 shares of
the common stock, with an exercise price of USD22 per share. Each of these options is scheduled to vest and become
exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of 18 July 2019. AssetMark uses the
Black-Scholes options pricing model to estimate the fair value of Stock Options.

(iii) Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)

In connection with the IPO, AssetMark issued Restricted Stock Units to certain officers covering an aggregate of 85,737
shares of the common stock. Each of these Restricted Stock Units is scheduled to vest in substantially equal installments




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
on each of the first three anniversaries of 18 July 2019. During 2020 and 2021, AssetMark issued RSUs to all officers, certain
employees and independent directors of the board, respectively. Most of these RSUs are scheduled to vest in substantially
equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant. During 2022, AssetMark issued 525,195 RSUs in
aggregate to its officers, certain employees and independent directors of the board. Most of these RSUs are scheduled to
vest in substantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant.

(iv) Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs)

On 9 June 2020, AssetMark issued stock appreciation to certain officers with respect to 831,902 shares of its common stock
under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. Each SAR has a strike price equal to the fair market value of the common stock of
AssetMark on the date of grant and is scheduled to vest and become exercisable insubstantially equal installments on
each of the first four anniversaries of 9 June 2020. Upon exercise, each of these SARs will be settled in shares of AssetMark




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
common stock with a value equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its common stock measured on the
exercise date over the strike price. In July 2021, AssetMark issued SARs to certain officers. Each SAR has a strike price equal to
the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its common stock measured on the exercise date over the strike price and is




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
scheduled to vest and become exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the
date of grant. During 2022, AssetMark issued 1,030,037 SARs to certain officers. Each SAR is scheduled to vest and become
exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant.




                                                                                                                                     405
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          64 Company-level statement of financial position


                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                  Note         2022                        2021



          Non-current assets

          Property and equipment                                           3,964,148                  3,615,505

          Investment properties                                             974,806                   1,076,056

          Land-use rights and other intangible assets                        831,803                    703,870

          Investments in subsidiaries                                     24,746,871                  21,146,282

          Interest in associates                                          14,170,428                  12,569,219

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                               36,338,211                25,070,430

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                           6,147,490                  2,992,770
           comprehensive income

          Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                             52,694                      52,694
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             473,650                     413,575

          Refundable deposits                                             14,777,245                  11,592,545

          Deferred tax assets                                                      -                     95,545

          Other non-current assets                                           257,772                    236,102

          Total non-current assets                                        102,735,118                79,564,593

          Current assets

          Accounts receivable                                              2,966,173                     11,111,192

          Other receivables and prepayments                               10,804,680                  6,808,866

          Margin accounts receivable                                     98,360,566                  115,449,652

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                              11,965,863                   7,121,850

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                   31,917,344                  7,626,638

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                           1,207,228                  2,675,847
           comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss          245,573,916                244,323,460

          Derivative financial assets                                      12,910,012                 12,156,185

          Clearing settlement funds                                        17,107,842                 12,162,040

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                       105,098,024                 113,995,438

          Cash and bank balances                                           11,504,512                  13,174,219

          Total current assets                                           549,416,160                546,605,387

          Total assets                                                   652,151,278                626,169,980




406
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                             As at 31 December

                                               Note         2022                       2021



Current liabilities

Short-term debt instruments issued                     18,203,723                 51,885,570

Placements from other financial institutions           25,877,713                  14,018,721

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                 101,426,766                109,926,597

Employee benefits payable                               1,801,844                  2,492,361

Other payables and accruals                            88,177,833                 79,333,190

Current tax liabilities                                         -                   340,426


                                                                                                          About Us
Financial assets sold under repurchase
  agreements                                           121,317,309                102,461,714

Financial liabilities at fair value through
  profit or loss                                        17,381,825                3,345,837

Derivative financial liabilities                        11,673,224                  11,156,741

Long-term bonds due within one year                    26,257,807                  32,173,714

Total current liabilities                              412,118,044               407,134,871

Net current assets                                     137,298,116               139,470,516

Total assets less current liabilities                 240,033,234                219,035,109




                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Non-current liabilities

Long-term bonds                                       90,526,586                 86,457,372




                                                                                                        and Strategies
Non-current employee benefits payable                   5,023,273                 5,405,693

Financial liabilities at fair value through
                                                          148,331                           -
  profit or loss

Deferred tax liabilities                                  142,516                           -

Other payable and accruals                                558,321                   469,962

Total non-current liabilities                          96,399,027                92,333,027

Net assets                                            143,634,207                126,702,082




                                                                                                          Corporate Governance




                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                 407
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                           As at 31 December

                                                    Note                                  2022                                     2021



          Equity

          Share capital                             55(b)                             9,075,589                               9,076,650

          Other equity instruments                                                   19,200,000                               9,989,057

          Treasury shares                                                            (1,202,324)                              (1,231,547)

          Reserves                                                                   92,560,489                              88,864,390

          Retained profits                                                           24,000,453                              20,003,532

          Total equity                                                            143,634,207                                126,702,082




          Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 30 March 2023.


          Zhang Wei                                                                        Wang Bing

          Chairman of the Board,Director                                                    Director



          65 Events after the reporting date

          (a) Issuance of bonds

          From 31 December 2022 to the date of this report, the Company has issued 5 corporate bonds with a cumulative amount of
          RMB19 billion, bearing interest of 2.92% to 3.48% per annum; the Company has issued 2 short-term corporate bonds with a
          cumulative amount of RMB10 billion, bearing interest of 2.65% per annum.

          From 31 December 2022 to the date of this report, Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International
          Financial Holdings Limited, has issued 28 medium-term notes with a cumulative amount of USD850 million and HKD462
          million, bearing interest of 0.00% to 5.75% per annum.


          (b) Profit distribution plan after accounting periods

          On 30 March 2023, based on the total ordinary shares of 9,075,589,027 of the Company deducting 45,278,495 shares
          deposited in the Company's special securities account for repurchase and 925,692 A shares to be repurchased and
          cancelled (i.e. on the basis of 9,029,384,840 shares), the Board proposed cash dividends of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive)
          per 10 ordinary shares, with total cash dividend amounting to RMB4,063 million (tax inclusive). The total amount of the
          actual dividend distribution will be calculated based on the total number of A shares entitled to dividend distribution on
          the registration date of A share shareholders. The proposal is pending for the approval of the general meeting of the
          shareholders. The cash dividends are not recognised as a liability as at 31 December 2022.




408
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022

INDEX OF DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION

                                     Financial statements carrying the signature and seal of the Company’s legal
                                     representative, person in charge of accounting and head of accounting department

                                     Audit report carrying the seal of the accounting firm and the signature and seal of
Index of Documents for Inspection    the certified public accountant

                                     Original copies of all documents and announcements of the Company publicly

                                                                                                                                          About Us
                                     disclosed during the Reporting Period

                                     Articles of Association




INFORMATION DISCLOSURE OF SECURITIES COMPANIES
                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
 I.MAJOR ADMINISTRATIVE APPROVALS OF THE COMPANY

1.Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
(Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2022] No. 161) dated January 20, 2022;

2.Reply on the Establishment of Singapore Subsidiary by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Ji Gou Bu Han [2022] No. 1529) dated
September 6, 2022;

3.Approval for the Qualification for Market Making and Trading Business of Listed Securities by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
(Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2022] No. 2169) dated September 16, 2022.


                                                                                                        By order of the Board
                                                                                                                   Zhang Wei
                                                                                                                   Chairman
                                                                                                              March 30, 2023




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 409
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          APPENDIX

           I. MAIN BUSINESS QUALIFICATIONS

          The Company was entitled to become the members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
          Beijing Stock Exchange, and Securities Association of China, to engage in the clearing of warrants of China Securities
          Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and to participate in the clearing of China Securities Depository and Clearing
          Corporation Limited. Besides, the Company also has the following main business qualifications:



           No.                                        Type of License                                            Approval Department                    Years



            1     National interbank market access qualification                                                          PBOC                       January 2000

            2     Qualification for online entrusted securities brokerage business                                        CSRC                         May 2001

            3     Qualification for distributing open-end securities investment funds                                     CSRC                      February 2003

            4     Qualification for entrusted investment management business                                              CSRC                       March 2003
                                                                                                                Jiangsu Communications
            5     Value-added telecommunications business license                                                                                      July 2004
                                                                                                                     Administration
            6     Pilot securities firm for relevant innovative activitie                                    Securities Association of China         March 2005

            7     Qualification for underwriting short-term financing bills                                               PBOC                       August 2005
                                                                                                             State Administration of Foreign
            8     License for foreign exchange operation in the securities business                                                                 November 2006
                                                                                                                      Exchange
            9     Foreign exchange registration certificate for overseas investment                         Jiangsu Provincial Bureau of SAFE       December 2006

           10     Qualification for agency business of stock transfer                                        Securities Association of China          June 2007
                  Qualification of tier-1 dealer on the integrated e-platform for fixed income
            11                                                                                                 Shanghai Stock Exchange               August 2007
                  securities
                  Qualified domestic institutional investor (QDII) qualification for overseas
            12                                                                                                            CSRC                      December 2007
                  securities investment
                  Qualification to provide intermediary introduction business for Great Wall Weiye
            13                                                                                                            CSRC                        April 2008
                  Futures Co., Ltd.
            14    Qualified investor qualification in block trade system                                       Shanghai Stock Exchange                June 2008
                  Qualification to incorporate wholly-owned
           15                                                                                                             CSRC                        June 2008
                  specialized subsidiaries to engage in direct investment business
           16     Obtain a stock index futures trading code and a hedging limit                             China Financial Futures Exchange          June 2010

            17    Pilot program of securities margin trading                                                              CSRC                        June 2010
                  Qualification of the dealer for credit risk                                            National Association of Financial Market
           18                                                                                                                                       December 2010
                  mitigation tools and creator for credit risk mitigation certificates                            Institutional Investors
                  Change the securities brokerage business (the business in Jiangsu, Shanghai,
                  Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei,
                  Henan, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Xinjiang,Qinghai only)
                  within the original business scope to securities brokerage business, change
           19     the securities underwriting and sponsorship business (the relevant business                             CSRC                        August 2011
                  on the Shanghai Stock Exchange only) to securities underwriting business (the
                  underwriting of government bonds, debt financing instruments of non-financial
                  enterprises only), and reduce the financial advisory business relating to securities
                  trading and securities investment activities
                                                                                                                   China Insurance
           20     Provide trading seats to insurance institutional investors                                                                         January 2012
                                                                                                                Regulatory Commission
            21    Pilot program of bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                     CSRC                       January 2012

           22     Bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                            Shanghai Stock Exchange              February 2012

           23     CSI 300ETF liquidity service provider                                                         Shanghai Stock Exchange                May 2012

           24     Innovative brokerage deposit business                                                                   CSRC                        June 2012
                  Participate in interest rate swap trading by using the Company’s proprietary                     Jiangsu Securities
           25                                                                                                                                        August 2012
                  funds                                                                                            Regulatory Bureau
                                                                                                                China Securities Finance
           26     Pilot program of margin refinancing                                                                                                August 2012
                                                                                                                  Corporation Limited
           27     Pilot program of agreed repurchase type securities trading                                              CSRC                      September 2012
                  Lead underwriting business for non-financial                                           National Association of Financial Market
           28                                                                                                                                       November 2012
                  enterprises debt financing instruments in the interbank market                                  Institutional Investors
                  Qualification and transaction code for conducting arbitrage and speculative                    China Financial Futures
           29                                                                                                                                       December 2012
                  trading of CSI 300 index-futures                                                                     Exchange




410
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
No.                                     Type of License                                           Approval Department                Years



                                                                                                    Jiangsu Securities
30    Agency sale of financial products                                                                                           January 2013
                                                                                                    Regulatory Bureau
31    Qualification for the agreed repurchase type securities trading business                  Shenzhen Stock Exchange           January 2013
      Pilot comprehensive custody business for private funds, which can provide
      comprehensive custody services, such as asset custody,                                     Institutional Supervision
32                                                                                                                                February 2013
      settlement, computation of net value, investment control, custody report and               Department of the CSRC
      etc., for private securities investment funds (limited partnership)
                                                                                                 China Securities Finance
33    Qualification of margin refinancing business                                                                                February 2013
                                                                                                   Corporation Limited
                                                                                                    China Insurance
34    Insurance fund investment manager                                                                                            March 2013
                                                                                                 Regulatory Commission


                                                                                                                                                           About Us
      Operate recommendation and brokerage business on the National Equities                 National Equities Exchange and
35                                                                                                                                 March 2013
      Exchange and Quotations as the lead securities firm                                     Quotations Company Limited
                                                                                                     China Securities
      Qualification to submit filing materials for
36                                                                                         Depository and Clearing Corporation      April 2013
      witnessing the opening of customers’ securities accounts
                                                                                                         Limited
      Qualification of financial bonds (including policy finance bonds) underwriting                Jiangsu Securities
37                                                                                                                                 June 2013
      business                                                                                      Regulatory Bureau
      Conducting stock pledge-style repo transaction business for securities listed on    Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen
38                                                                                                                                 June 2013
      the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange                                         Stock Exchange
                                                                                                    Jiangsu Securities
39    Treasury bonds futures business                                                                                            September 2013
                                                                                                    Regulatory Bureau
      Qualification to conduct treasury bonds futures arbitrage and hedging                 CSRC and China Financial Futures
40                                                                                                                               September 2013




                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
      businesses                                                                                      Exchange
41    Qualification to conduct asset management share transfer business                         Shenzhen Stock Exchange          September 2013

42    Qualification to carry out equity return swaps business                                 Securities Association of China    September 2013




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
43    Qualification to conduct pre-issuance of treasury bonds                                   Shanghai Stock Exchange           October 2013

44    Pass the on-site inspection on stock options                                              Shanghai Stock Exchange            June 2014
      Operate market-making business on the National Equities Exchange and
                                                                                             National Equities Exchange and
45    Quotations as a market maker, namely market-making qualification on the                                                       July 2014
                                                                                              Quotations Company Limited
      National Equities Exchange and Quotations
                                                                                                   National Inter-Bank
46    Trial market maker on the interbank market                                                                                    July 2014
                                                                                                    Funding Center
47    Pilot program of financing by exercising the share incentive scheme business              Shenzhen Stock Exchange           August 2014
      Qualification of capital payment services for clients that could provide various
                                                                                                     Securities Fund
48    payment services for investors such as deposits collection, mobile recharging,                                              August 2014




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                                                           Supervision Department of the CSRC
      online store consumption, sales return, water fee and credit card payment
49    Qualification of custodian for securities investment funds                                          CSRC                   September 2014

50    Qualification for pilot operations of Internet-based securities business                Securities Association of China    September 2014

51    OTC qualification                                                                       Securities Association of China    September 2014

52    Qualification to conduct Southbound trading under A Shares trading seats                  Shanghai Stock Exchange           October 2014

53    Pilot program on the OTC market                                                         Securities Association of China     October 2014
      Pilot program of restricted securities lending under share incentive schemes of
54                                                                                              Shenzhen Stock Exchange          December 2014
      listed companies
      Qualification of practicing on an authentic basis and brokerage business for
55                                                                                              Shenzhen Stock Exchange          December 2014
      stock option businesses
      Qualification for stock option trading participant, stock option brokerage and
56                                                                                              Shanghai Stock Exchange           January 2015
      proprietary business trading
57    Qualification for stock options market making business                                              CSRC                    January 2015




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
58    Main market maker of SSE 50ETF option contracts                                           Shanghai Stock Exchange           January 2015
      Qualification of standard interest rate swap and forward centralized settlement
59                                                                                              Shanghai Clearing House             April 2015
      of standard bonds
60    Qualification of participating in the net settlement of bond trade                        Shanghai Clearing House             April 2015




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
      Provide private equity with valuation and calculation service, share registration
                                                                                                   Asset Management
61    service, sales backstage service support and other outsourcing services, as well                                              April 2015
                                                                                                   Association of China
      as other value-added services derived from the above services
                                                                                                     China Securities
      Qualification of pilot innovative business for one- way video verification of
62                                                                                         Depository and Clearing Corporation     June 2015
      investors’ identities
                                                                                                         Limited
      Permission to conduct Southbound trading under Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock
63                                                                                              Shenzhen Stock Exchange          November 2016
      connect
      Agency qualification for subscription, purchasing and redeeming of gold ETF in
64                                                                                              Shanghai Gold Exchange              June 2017
      spot
65    Pilot program of cross-border business                                                              CSRC                   December 2017

66    Qualification of tier-1 dealer on OTC options                                                       CSRC                      July 2018

67    Carry out credit derivatives business                                                               CSRC                   December 2018

68    Qualification of main market maker of funds listed on the SSE                             Shanghai Stock Exchange           January 2019




                                                                                                                                                  411
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.                                    Type of License                                             Approval Department               Years



           69    Conducting credit protection contract business                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange          February 2019

           70    Conducting market making business of treasury bond futures                                           CSRC                     May 2019
                                                                                                          State Administration of Foreign
            71   Pilot Program of Foreign Exchange Settlement and Sales Business                                                             August 2019
                                                                                                                   Exchange
           72    Conducting credit protection certificate business                                          Shanghai Stock Exchange         December 2019

           73    Conducting market making business of commodity options                                               CSRC                  December 2019

           74    Conducting market making business of stock index options                                             CSRC                  December 2019

           75    Conducting pilot fund investment advisory business                                                   CSRC                  February 2020
                                                                                                          State Administration of Foreign
           76    Conducting agency for trading of foreign exchange Business                                                                    July 2020
                                                                                                                   Exchange
           77    Conducting market making business of commodity futures                                               CSRC                   January 2021

           78    Conducting pilot business of account management function optimization                                CSRC                  November 2021

           79    Engaging in “Southbound Trading” business                                                            CSRC                  December 2021

                                          In 2022, the individual business qualifications obtained by the Company mainly include

            1    Qualification for tier-1 dealer on commodity swap business                                Shanghai Futures Exchange           July 2022

            2    Qualification for market making and trading business of listed securities                            CSRC                  September 2022




412
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
 II. LIST OF BRANCH OFFICES AND SECURITIES BRANCHES


1.Establishment of Securities Branch Offices of the Company

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the basic information of the establishment of securities branch offices of the
Company is as follows:


                                                                                                     Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                       Registered


                                                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                       capital (or
                                          Date of       working                  Person in       Contact
 No     Name            Address        establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge         number                Business scope
                                                                                                              Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                              investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                              underwriting (limited to
                  6/F & 7/F, Block                                                                            underwriting of government
                  A, Feili Shidai                                                                             bonds, debt financing instruments
         Anhui    Square Commercial     August 25,                                                            of non-financial enterprises
 1                                                       10,000       230011    Chen Zhijun   0551-64297088
        Branch    Complex, No. 310        2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                  Suixi Road, Luyang                                                                          policy-bank bonds) only);
                  District, Hefei                                                                             margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                                              lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                              investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                              financial products.




                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                                                                              Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                              investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                              underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                              underwriting of government
                  Room 1501, 15/
                                                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
                  F, Block 28,
        Beijing                           May 28,                                                             of non-financial enterprises
 2                Fengsheng Hutong,                       500        100032     Wang Yujie     010-63211388
        Branch                             2010                                                               and financial bonds (including
                  Xicheng District,
                                                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                  Beijing
                                                                                                              margin financing and securities
                                                                                                              lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                              investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                              financial products.




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                                                              Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                              investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                              underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                              underwriting of government
                                                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
      Changzhou   No.9, North Heping      April 16,                               Yuan                        of non-financial enterprises
 3                                                       2,000       213003                   0519-81006688
        Branch    Road, Changzhou          2014                                  Hongbin                      and financial bonds (including
                                                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                              margin financing and securities
                                                                                                              lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                              investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                              financial products.

                                                                                                              Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                              investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                              sale of securities investment




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                                                                                                              funds; margin financing and
                                                                                                              securities lending business;
                                                                                                              agency sale of financial products;
                                                                                                              securities underwriting (limited
                  Unit 10D, BlockA,
                                                                                                              to ancillary works such as project




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                  Tefang Portman
                                                                                                              contracting, project information
         Fujian   Wealth Center, No.   September 18,                               Chu
 4                                                       2,000       361004                   0592-2997899    transmission and
        Branch    81 Zhanhong Road,        2014                                  Rentang
                                                                                                              recommendation
                  Siming District,
                                                                                                              and customer relationship
                  Xiamen
                                                                                                              maintenance of underwriting of
                                                                                                              government bonds, debt
                                                                                                              financing
                                                                                                              instruments of non-financial
                                                                                                              enterprises and financial bonds
                                                                                                              (including policy-bank bonds)
                                                                                                              only).




                                                                                                                                                   413
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                         Registered
                                                                         capital (or
                                                            Date of       working                  Person in      Contact
           No      Name              Address             establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                underwriting of government
                               Units 02 & 03, 36/                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                Guangdong      F, No. 10 Huaxia             May 19,                                                             of non-financial enterprises
           5                                                                500        510620      Liu Yong     020-88830128
                  Branch       Road, Tianhe                  2012                                                               and financial bonds (including
                               District, Guangzhou                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                financial products.

                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                underwriting of government
                                                                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                               No. 16, Nongye                                                                                   of non-financial enterprises
                  Henan                                     April 16,                                Tao
           6                   Road East, Jinshui                          2,000       450008                   0371-89998299   and financial bonds (including
                  Branch                                     2014                                  Mingqing
                               District, Zhengzhou                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                                                                                                                                financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                                business; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                securities
                                                                                                                                investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                financial products.

                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                               3/F, Block B, Aocheng                                                                            underwriting of government
                               International,                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                               No. 239 Xuanhua                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
                Heilongjiang                                May 28,
           7                   Street, Nangang                              500         150001    Wang Haibin   0451-51994000   and financial bonds (including
                  Branch                                     2010
                               District, Harbin,                                                                                policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                               Heilongjiang                                                                                     financing and securities lending
                               Province                                                                                         business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                financial products; management
                                                                                                                                of local business departments.

                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                underwriting (limited to ancillary
                                                                                                                                works such as project contracting,
                                                                                                                                project information transmission
                                                                                                                                and recommendation
                               24/F, Unit 6,
                                                                                                                                and customer relationship
                               Building 6-7,
                                                                                                                                maintenance of underwriting
                               Wuhan 1818 Center
                                                                                                                                of government bonds, debt
                   Hubei       (Phase 2), No. 109          March 19,
           8                                                                500        430070       Min Jie     027-87739318    financing instruments of non-
                  Branch       Zhongbei Road,                2012
                                                                                                                                financial enterprises and financial
                               Shuiguohu Street,
                                                                                                                                bonds (including policy-bank
                               Wuchang District,
                                                                                                                                bonds) only); margin financing
                               Wuhan
                                                                                                                                and securities lending business;
                                                                                                                                agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                financial products; management
                                                                                                                                of securities branches at Hubei of
                                                                                                                                Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                investment consulting; agency
                               Rooms 1301-1305                                                                                  sale of securities investment
                               & 1313-1316,                                                                                     funds; margin financing and
                               Buildings 4 & 5,                                                                                 securities lending business;
                               Huayuanhua Center,                                                                               agency sale of financial products;
                  Hunan                                     May 27,
           9                   No 36, Section 2,                            500         410015     Deng Jing    0731-85120568   securities underwriting and
                  Branch                                     2014
                               Middle Xiangjiang                                                                                sponsoring (limited to ancillary
                               Road, Tianxin District,                                                                          works such as project contracting,
                               Changsha, Hunan                                                                                  project information transmission
                               Province                                                                                         and recommendation and
                                                                                                                                customer relationship
                                                                                                                                maintenance).




414
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                         Registered
                                                         capital (or
                                            Date of       working                  Person in        Contact
No    Name             Address           establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                 underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                 underwriting of government
                                                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                 of non-financial enterprises
                No. 1416,
                                                                                                                 and financial bonds (including
                Jinggangshan
      Jiangxi                            November 3,                                                             policy-bank bonds) only); margin
10              Avenue, Xihu District,                      500        330002       Wan Bin      0791-86600577
      Branch                                2014                                                                 financing and securities lending
                Nanchang, Jiangxi
                                                                                                                 business; agency sale of securities
                Province


                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                                                                                                                 investment funds; intermediary
                                                                                                                 introduction business for the
                                                                                                                 futures companies; agency
                                                                                                                 sale of financial products;
                                                                                                                 management of securities
                                                                                                                 branches at Jiangxi.

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; margin
                                                                                                                 financing and securities lending
                Units 1, 2, 3 and                                                                                business; agency sale of securities
                4, 15/F, Block B,                                                                                investment funds; intermediary
                Enterprise Square,                                                                               introduction business for the




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
     Liaoning   No. 125 Qingnian            June 3,                                                              futures companies; agency
11                                                          500         110004     Chen Min       024-31881777
      Branch    Street, Shenhe                2011                                                               sale of financial products;
                District, Shenyang                                                                               securities underwriting (limited




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                City, Liaoning                                                                                   to underwriting of government
                Province                                                                                         bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                 of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                 financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                 bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                 underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                 underwriting of government
                No. 90 Zhongshan                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
      Nanjing   Road East, Qinhuai          April 9,                                 Wang                        of non-financial enterprises




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
12                                                         2,000       210002                    025-84791077
      Branch    District, Nanjing,           2010                                  Yansheng                      and financial bonds (including
                Jiangsu Province                                                                                 policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                 margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                 lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                 of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                 agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                 underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                 underwriting of government
                Fangtian Building,                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
     Nantong    No. 6 Yaogang               May 28,                                                              of non-financial enterprises
13                                                          500        226000     Ren Qiaojian   0513-85529888
      Branch    Road, Nantong,               2010                                                                and financial bonds (including
                Jiangsu Province                                                                                 policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                                                                                                                 financing and securities lending




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
                                                                                                                 business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                 investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                 financial products.

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                 underwriting (limited to
                Rooms 2101 &
                                                                                                                 underwriting of government
                2104, 21/F, Block
                                                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                A, Yinfeng Fortune
     Shandong                               April 16,                                                            of non-financial enterprises
14              Plaza, No. 1 West                          2,000       250061     Zhang Feng     0531-55686555
      Branch                                 2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                Long’ao Road,
                                                                                                                 policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                Lixia District, Jinan
                                                                                                                 financing and securities lending
                City
                                                                                                                 business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                 investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                 financial products.




                                                                                                                                                       415
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                  Registered
                                                                  capital (or
                                                     Date of       working                  Person in        Contact
           No    Name            Address          establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                          underwriting of government
                           Room 2201, No.
                                                                                                                          bonds, debt financing instruments
                           18 Dongfang Road,
                Shanghai                             May 28,                                   Lu                         of non-financial enterprises
           15              China (Shanghai)                          500        200120                    021-28972296
                 Branch                               2010                                 Chunguang                      and financial bonds (including
                           Pilot Free Trade
                                                                                                                          policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                           Zone
                                                                                                                          financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                          business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                          investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                          financial products.

                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                           8A, Fund Mansion,
                                                                                                                          contracting); securities
                           No. 5999, Yitian
                Shenzhen                            March 19,                                 Wang                        investment consulting; margin
           16              Road, Lianhua                             500        518048                    0755-82492098
                 Branch                               2012                                   Lianfen                      financing and securities lending
                           Street, Futian
                                                                                                                          business; agency sale of securities
                           District, Shenzhen
                                                                                                                          investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                          financial products.

                           Rooms 2503, 2504,                                                                              Securities brokerage; securities
                           2505, 2506, 2507                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                           and 2508, 25/F,                                                                                underwriting (limited to
                           Unit 1, Building1,                                                                             underwriting of government
                           China Overseas                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                Sichuan    Chinese Financial         May 19,                                                              of non-financial enterprises
           17                                                        500         610091       Li Hui       028-8125398
                Branch     Center, No. 33,            2012                                                                and financial bonds (including
                           Jiaozi Avenue,                                                                                 policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                           Hitech Zone,                                                                                   financing and securities lending
                           Chengdu, China                                                                                 business; agency sale of securities
                           (Sichuan) Pilot Free                                                                           investment funds; agency sale of
                           Trade Zone                                                                                     financial products.

                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                          underwriting of government
                           4/F & 5/F, No.                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Suzhou    102 Xinshi Road,          May 28,                                                              of non-financial enterprises
           18                                                        500        215000     Liu Xiaobing   0512-67579666
                 Branch    Canglang District,         2010                                                                and financial bonds (including
                           Suzhou                                                                                         policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                                                                                                                          financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                          business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                          investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                          financial products.

                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                          underwriting of government
                           No. 22, Yingchun                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Taizhou   Road West, Hailing       August 4,                                                             of non-financial enterprises
           19                                                       2,000       225300     Wang Yujie     0523-86234237
                 Branch    District, Taizhou,         2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                           Jiangsu Province                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                                                                                                                          financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                          business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                          investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                          financial products.

                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                           Block C-I, 5/                                                                                  underwriting of government
                           F, North Finance                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Tianjin   Building, No. 5           May 28,                                                              of non-financial enterprises
           20                                                        500         300211      Li Yijun     022-59657718
                 Branch    Youyi Avenue,              2010                                                                and financial bonds (including
                           Hexi District,                                                                                 policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                           Tianjin                                                                                        financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                          business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                          investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                          financial products.




416
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                         Registered
                                                         capital (or
                                            Date of       working                  Person in        Contact
No     Name              Address         establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                 underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                 underwriting of government
                                                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                   No. 325, Jiefang
                                            June 11,                                                             of non-financial enterprises
21   Wuxi Branch   Road West, Wuxi,                        2,000       214000      Lu Rong       0510-82723020
                                             2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                   Jiangsu Province
                                                                                                                 policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                                                                                                                 financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                 business; agency sale of securities



                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                                                                                                                 investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                 financial products.

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                   Room 21401,                                                                                   investment consulting; agency
                   Unit 2, Building                                                                              sale of securities investment
                   2, CROSS                                                                                      funds; margin financing and
                   Wanxianghui, No.                                                                              securities lending; agency
     Northwest     21 Gaoxin Six Road,     August 5,                                                             sale of financial products;
22                                                           –         710000     Gao Hong       029-87897055
      Branch       Zhangba Sub-              2019                                                                securities underwriting (limited
                   district Office,                                                                              to underwriting of government
                   High-Tech Zone,                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                   Xi’an, Shaanxi                                                                                of non-financial enterprises and
                   Province                                                                                      financial bonds (including policy



                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                 financial bonds) only).

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; securities



                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                                                                 underwriting (limited to
                   1-301# to 1-308#,                                                                             underwriting of government
                   Building B, Baolong                                                                           bonds, debt financing instruments
       Xuzhou      Square, No. 99           April 16,                                                            of non-financial enterprises
23                                                         2,000        221001      Li Gang      0516-85602988
       Branch      Heping Road,              2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                   Yunlong District,                                                                             policy-bank bonds) only);
                   Xuzhou City                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                 lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                 of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                 agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                 underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                 underwriting of government
                   Room 201, Building
                                                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                   6, Financial City,
     Yancheng                              March 24,                                Zhang                        of non-financial enterprises
24                 No. 5 Century                           2,000       224002                    0515-88216888
      Branch                                 2014                                  Tingwen                       and financial bonds (including
                   Avenue, Yancheng
                                                                                                                 policy-bank bonds) only);
                   City
                                                                                                                 margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                 lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                 of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                 agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                 underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                 underwriting of government




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
                   No. 406, Wenchang                                                                             bonds, debt financing instruments
      Yangzhou     Middle Road,            August 4,                                                             of non-financial enterprises
25                                                         2,000       225001     Ji Chunbo      0514-82196688
       Branch      Guangling District,       2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                   Yangzhou                                                                                      policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                 margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                 lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                 of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                 agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                 Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                 investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                 sale of securities investment
                   6/F, Block C,                                                                                 funds; margin financing and
                   Dushi Mingyuan                                                                                securities lending business;
       Yunnan      Community, Middle      February 25,                                                           agency sale of financial products;
26                                                          500        650021     Yin Tianshui   0871-65951973
       Branch      Renmin Road,              2014                                                                securities underwriting (limited
                   Kunming, Yunnan                                                                               to underwriting of government
                   Province                                                                                      bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                 of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                 financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                 bank bonds) only).




                                                                                                                                                       417
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                  Registered
                                                                  capital (or
                                                     Date of       working                 Person in     Contact
           No    Name             Address         establishment    capital)     Zip code    charge       number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                       sale of securities investment
                            Rooms 2801-2808,
                                                                                                                       funds; margin financing and
                            Xingguangcheng,
                                                                                                                       securities lending business;
                            No.1766 Binsheng
                Zhejiang                            March 25,                                                          agency sale of financial products;
           27               Road, Changhe                            500        310052     Wang Jie    0571-86698700
                 Branch                               2013                                                             securities underwriting (limited
                            Street, Binjiang
                                                                                                                       to underwriting of government
                            District, Hangzhou,
                                                                                                                       bonds, debt financing instruments
                            Zhejiang Province
                                                                                                                       of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                       financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                       bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                       Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                       investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                       underwriting (limited to
                            Rooms 101, 201
                                                                                                                       underwriting of government
                            and 301, Building
                                                                                                                       bonds, debt financing instruments
                            1, Huangshan Yaju,
                Zhenjiang                           March 24,                               Wang                       of non-financial enterprises
           28               No. 6 Huangshan                         2,000       212000                 0511-85037099
                 Branch                               2014                                  Jixiang                    and financial bonds (including
                            South Road,
                                                                                                                       policy-bank bonds) only);
                            Zhenjiang, Jiangsu
                                                                                                                       margin financing and securities
                            Province
                                                                                                                       lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                       of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                       agency sale of financial products.




418
                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2. Number and Distribution of Securities Branches of the Company

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the number and distribution of securities branches of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                                        Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                          of securities      of person in
 No     Province        City                   Name                              Address                     Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                   Rooms 1104 and 1211-1213, Block
                                   Securities Branch in Huaining   C, Landmark Plaza, No. 288,
  1                                                                                                          230022       Fan Huijuan      0551-65175008
                                   Road, Hefei                     Huaining Road, Zhengwu District,
                                                                   Hefei City
                       Hefei



                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                   4F, Block C, Chuangxin
                                   Securities Branch in            Department, No. 2760,
  2                                                                                                          230088        Hu Longqi       0551-62686969
                                   Chuangxin Road, Hefei           Chuangxin Road, High-tech
                                                                   District, Hefei City, Anhui Province
                                   Securities Branch in Hudong     No. 1046, Hudong Middle Road,
  3                 Ma’anshan                                                                                243000     Gao Guosheng        0555-2963619
        Anhui 5                    Middle Road, Ma’anshan          Huashan District, Ma’anshan City
                                                                   Nos. 1112 & 1114, Commercial
                                   Securities Branch in Fengle     Block S3, No. 1118 Fengle Avenue
 4                   Chuzhou                                                                                 239001        Lu Rudong        0550-3019976
                                   Avenue, Chuzhou                 (Yutianxia South Garden),
                                                                   Chuzhou City, Anhui Province
                                                                   Shop 142, 1/F, No. 203A, 2/F,Huijin
                                                                   Building, Tongling Trade Building,
                                   Securities Branch in Huaihe




                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
 5                   Tongling                                      Middle Section of Huaihe                  244000         Hu Jing         0562-2801988
                                   Avenue, Tongling
                                                                   Avenue,Tongguan District,
                                                                   Tongling City, Anhui Province
                                   Securities Branch in            Inner Flat 01, No. 102, 1/F (01), Block




                                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
 6                                 Dongsanhuan North Road,         27, Dongsanhuan North Road,               100062         Wei Na          010-59725337
                                   Beijing                         Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                                                   Rooms 901-903, 9/F
                                   Securities Branch in Suzhou     WeiyaBuilding, Block 18, No. 29
  7                                                                                                          100080      Zhang Zhiqun       010-62523799
                                   Street, Beijing                 Suzhou Street, Haidian District,
                                                                   Beijing
                                   Securities Branch in
                                                                   Room 403, 4/F, No. 87 Xisanhuan
                                   International Finance and
 8                                                                 North Road, Haidian District,             100048         Chen Xi         010-68733708
                                   Economy Center, Xisanhuan,
                                                                   Beijing
        Beijing 6     Beijing      Beijing
                                                                   Room 501, 5/F, Block F,Room




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                   Securities Branch in Yonghe     116, 1/F, & Room 216, 2/F, Block
 9                                                                                                           100007     Zhao Youqiang       010-84273989
                                   Temple, Beijing                 D, No. 28 Andingmen East
                                                                   Street,Dongcheng District, Beijing
                                                                   3/F Wanfeng Yihe Business
                                   Securities Branch in Yuetan
 10                                                                Club, No. 12A Yuetan South Street,        100045      Yang Junpeng       010-68058688
                                   South Street, Beijing
                                                                   Xicheng District, Beijing
                                                                   Room 107, 1/F, Room 309,3/F, No.
                                   Securities Branch in Xueyuan
  11                                                               62 Xueyuan South Road, Haidian             100081       Liu Zhifeng      010-82263313
                                   South Road, Beijing
                                                                   District, Beijing
                                                                   No. 87, Huanghe Street, Xitu
                                   Securities Branch in
 12                                                                Hightech Zone, Baotou City, Inner         014040         Yin Tao         0472-4136027
                                   Huanghe Street, Baotou
                                                                   Mongolia Autonomous Region
                      Baotou                                       2/F, No. 15 Gangtie Street,
                                   Securities Branch in Gangtie    Qingshan District, Baotou City,
 13                                                                                                           014010       Ma Xiaoju        0472-6867886
         Inner                     Street, Baotou                  Inner Mongolia Autonomous




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
       Mongolia 3                                                  Region
                                                                   Room 1707, 17/F, Block A, Wanda
                                   Securities Branch in Xinhua     Plaza Complex, No. 26, Xinhua
 14                   Hohhot       East Street, Saihan District,   East Street, Saihan District,              010010        Qi Hong         0471-3251997
                                   Hohhot                          Hohhot City, Inner Mongolia




                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                                                                   Autonomous Region
                                                                   Unit 0-103A, Commercial Podium
                                                                   of Office Building (1/F), Zhongjiao
                                   Securities Branch in Ziqiang
 15     Hebei 1     Shijiazhuang                                   Fortune Center T1/T2, No. 118             050051       Han Jiancai       0311-66788203
                                   Road, Shijiazhuang
                                                                   Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District,
                                                                   Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province
                                                                   19/F, Block 3, Zhengxiang Center,
                                   Securities Branch in North
 16                   Fuzhou                                       No. 153 North Wuyi Road, Shuibu           350009        Liu Biqing      0591-88037887
                                   Wuyi Road, Fuzhou
                                                                   Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou City
                                                                   Units 705-707, Building
                                   Securities Branch in Jinhuai    1,Zhongjun Square, No. 16 Jinhuai
 17     Fujian 4     Quanzhou                                                                                362000      Jiang Yongjun      0595-22187188
                                   Street, Quanzhou                Street, Fengze District, Quanzhou,
                                                                   Fujian Province
                                                                   Rooms 201 & 202, Unit One,Block
                                   Securities Branch in Xiahe
 18                   Xiamen                                       B, Haiyi Building, No. 668 Xiahe          361004       Lv Yuexiang       0592-2997888
                                   Road, Xiamen
                                                                   Road, Siming District, Xiamen City




                                                                                                                                                            419
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                           of securities      of person in
           No    Province     City                 Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                                                                        Room 101, Room 403, Room 404,
                                        Securities Branch in Shuixian   Building B, No. 88 Shuixian Street,
           19    Fujian 4   Zhangzhou                                                                         363000       Liu Huafeng      0596-2900350
                                        Avenue, Zhangzhou               Longwen District, Zhangzhou
                                                                        City, Fujian Province

                                                                        Units 1203-1206, 12/F, Huaya
                                                                        Financial Center, No. 8 Denghu
                                        Securities Branch in Denghu
           20                Foshan                                     East Road, Guicheng Street,           528200        Yang Siyu       0757-29808978
                                        East Road, Foshan
                                                                        Nanhai District, Foshan City
                                                                        (subject to domicile declaration)

                                                                        17/F (self-edited rooms 05,
                                        Securities Branch in Zhujiang   06 and 07), No. 15 Zhujiang
           21                                                                                                 510000     Zheng Chengbin      020-37279969
                                        West Avenue, Guangzhou          West Avenue, Tianhe District,
                                                                        Guangzhou City

                                        Securities Branch in Wanda      Rooms 2304, 2305, 2306
           22                           Plaza, Panyu District,          and2307, No. 109 Pazhou Avenue,       510440      Zhu Daoming        020-39213388
                                        Guangzhou                       Haizhu District, Guangzhou City

                                        Securities Branch in Middle     Rooms 103, 3205 and 3206, No.
           23                           Guangzhou Avenue,               307 Middle Guangzhou Avenue,          510220          Liu Li         020-84133637
                                        Guangzhou                       Yuexiu District, Guangzhou City

                                                                        Rooms S1201, 1218-23, 12/F, South
                                        Securities Branch in Huanshi    Tower, No. 371-375 Huanshi East
           24                                                                                                 510060       Cheng Feng        020-83853823
                            Guangzhou   East Road, Guangzhou            Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
                                                                        City, Guangdong Province

                                                                        Rooms 906-911, No. 222-3,
                                        Securities Branch in Xingmin
           25                                                           Xingmin Road, Tianhe District,        510620         Lin Hao         020-89286707
                                        Road, Guangzhou
                                                                        Guangzhou

                                                                        Units 03-1, 05, 06 and 07,36/F,
                                                                        Yuehai Tianhecheng Building
                                        Securities Branch in
           26                                                           (namely, Tianhecheng East             510620         Tang Jia        020-22031389
                                        Tianhecheng, Guangzhou
                                                                        Tower), No. 208 Tianhe Road,
                                                                        Tianhe District, Guangzhou City

                                        Securities Branch in            Rooms 4002, 4003, 4004, No. 888
           27                           Yuncheng West Road,             Yuncheng West Road, Baiyun            510420       Luo Fanglin       020-86273767
                                        Guangzhou                       District, Guangzhou City

                                                                        No. 2 of Unit 01, 1/F, Block 3,
                                        Securities Branch in
                Guangdong                                               Zima Benteng Square, No. 2
           28               Zhongshan   Zhongshan Fifth Road,                                                 528403        Liao Xiwu       0760-89823338
                    23                                                  Zhongshan Fifth Road, Eastern
                                        Zhongshan
                                                                        District, Zhongshan City

                                                                        Rooms 103 and 202, North Tower,
                                                                        China Resources Building,
                                        Securities Branch in
           29                Shantou                                    No. 95 Changping Road,                 515041        Chen Yu        0754-89898179
                                        Changping Road, Shantou
                                                                        Longhu District, Shantou City,
                                                                        Guangdong Province

                                                                        Rooms 101, 102, 201, 202, 301
                                                                        and 402, Building B7, Qianhai
                                                                        Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund
                                        Securities Branch in Qianhai,   Town, No. 128 Guiwan Fifth
           30                                                                                                  518031      Cheng Tao        0755-25889919
                                        Shenzhen                        Road, Nanshan Sub-district,
                                                                        Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                                                                        Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen
                                                                        City

                                                                        1/F, 2/F, Block 3, Fuyuan Building,
                                        Securities Branch in Caitian
           31                                                           No. 2014-9 Caitian Road, Futain       518026       Ma Jianmin       0755-82993655
                                        Road, Shenzhen
                                                                        District, Shenzhen City

                                                                        Rooms L1805 and L1806, China
                                        Securities Branch in China      Resources Building, No. 2666
                            Shenzhen
           32                           Resources Building, Keyuan      Keyuan South Road, Haizhu             518059        Xiao Kang        0755-23819115
                                        South Road, Shenzhen            Community, Yuehai Sub-district,
                                                                        Nanshan District, Shenzhen

                                                                        102S, Block 2, Vanke Times
                                                                        Square, Shangjing Community,
                                        Securities Branch in            Longcheng Sub-district,
           33                                                                                                  518172       Gao Jian        0755-85205902
                                        Longgang Avenue, Shenzhen       Longgang District, Shenzhen City
                                                                        (at the junction of Longgang
                                                                        Avenue and Longcheng Avenue)

                                                                        33/F, East Tower, Baidu
                                        Securities Branch in Baidu
                                                                        International Building, Xuefu
           34                           International Building,                                               518040     Wang Shaolian      0755-82531008
                                                                        Road East, Yuehai Street,
                                        Keyuan Road, Shenzhen
                                                                        Nanshan District, Shenzhen City




420
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                               Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                 of securities      of person in
No    Province     City                  Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                                                             Room 2501A, Block B, Phase I
                                                             Donghai International Center,
                             Securities Branch in Shennan    No. 7888 Shennan Road,
35                                                                                                  518040       Li Chendong       0755-82719339
                             Avenue, Shenzhen                Donghai Community, Xiangmihu
                                                             Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                             City

                                                             Rooms 2904, 2905 and 2906,
                                                             Block D, China Resources Land
                             Securities Branch in China
                                                             Building, No. 19 Kefa Road,
36                           Resources Land Building,                                               518057        Song Tao        0755-25870808


                                                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                             Dachong Community, Yuehai
                             Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen
                                                             Sub-district, Nanshan District,
                                                             Shenzhen

                                                             BC, 9/F, Block A, CIS Commercial
                             Securities Branch in Hongli     Center, No. 1061 Xiangmei Road,
37                                                                                                  518000       Li Xiaoshan      0755-82080300
                             Road, Shenzhen                  Xiangmihu Street, Futian District,
                                                             Shenzhen City

                             Securities Branch in Fund       8B, Fund Building, No. 5999 Yitian
38                           Building, Shennan Avenue,       Road, Lianhua Street, Futian           518053     Cao Mengming       0755-26626388
     Guangdong               Shenzhen                        District, Shenzhen City
                 Shenzhen
         23                                                  Rooms 2201-2212, BuildingA,
                             Securities Branch in            Rongchao Business Center,




                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
39                           Rongchao Business Center,       No. 6003 Yitian Road, Fuxin            518026        Wu Sheng        0755-83767319
                             Yitian Road, Shenzhen           Community, Lianhua Street,
                                                             Futian District, Shenzhen City




                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                             Flats 02, 03, 04, 17/F, China Travel
                             Securities Branch in Yitian     Service HK Building, No. 4011
40                                                                                                  518048       Shen Jiayan      0755-82766159
                             Road, Shenzhen                  Shennan Avenue, Futian District,
                                                             Shenzhen City

                                                             Flats 10H, 10I, 10J, China Economy
                                                             and Trading Building, No. 18 Zizhu
                             Securities Branch in Zhuzilin
41                                                           7th Road, Zhulin Community,             518041       Gu Guoxu        0755-82027636
                             4th Road, Shenzhen
                                                             Xiangmihu Street, Futian District,
                                                             Shenzhen City

                                                             Units 1203, 1205 and 1206,
                                                             Xizhilang Building, No. 3033




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                             Securities Branch in Zhongxin
42                                                           Zhongxin Road, Weilan Coast            518048       Chen Shun        0755-27247971
                             Road, Houhai, Shenzhen
                                                             Community, Yuehai Street,
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen

                                                             Rooms 702-704, 7/F, South
                                                             Office Building, Nanning China
                             Securities Branch in Minzu
43                Nanning                                    Resources Center, No. 136-5,           530029        Wu Shiyan       0771-5570215
                             Avenue, Nanning
                                                             Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,
     Guangxi 2                                               Nanning

                                                             Business office No. 3-2 and
                             Securities Branch in Xidi 3rd   business apartment Nos. 2801-
44                Wuzhou                                                                            543002       Qin Shumin       0774-3862288
                             Road, Wuzhou                    2809, 1/F, No. 19 Xidi 3rd Road,
                                                             Wuzhou City

                                                             Room 3807, 38/F, New Hainan
                             Securities Branch in Guoxing    Building, No. 5 Guoxing Road,
45                Haikou                                                                            570102         He Ruijin      0898-66202789




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                             Road, Haikou                    Meilan District, Haikou City,
                                                             Hainan Province
      Hainan 2
                                                             Unit 1201, Yangguang Financial
                             Securities Branch in Yingbin    Square, No. 360-1 Yingbin Road,
46                Sanya                                                                              572021       Zhao Yang       0898-88211669
                             Road, Sanya                     Jiyang District, Sanya City,




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                                             Hainan Province

                             Securities Branch in Tiyu       No. 58, Tiyu Road, Xiaodian
47    Shanxi 1    Taiyuan                                                                           030001       Wang Guoqi       0351-7775553
                             Road, Taiyuan                   District, Taiyuan City

                                                             Guanghui Building, No. 15,
                             Securities Branch in Jingsan
48                                                           Jingsan Road, Jinshui District,        450003         Yu Dong        0371-65585009
                             Road, Zhengzhou
                                                             Zhengzhou City

                                                             No. 101, Floors 1-2, Building 1, No.
                             Securities Branch in Nongye
49                                                           16, East Nongye Road, Jinshui          450000         Zhou Rui       0371-60958371
                             Road, Zhengzhou
      Henan 3    Zhengzhou                                   District, Zhengzhou City

                                                             18/F (whole floor), Building
                                                             2, Zhengzhou Zhengshang
                             Securities Branch in
50                                                           Lanhai Plaza, Erligang, Zijingshan     450008       Xia Mengfei      0371-58670567
                             Zijingshan Road, Zhengzhou
                                                             Road, Guancheng District,
                                                             Zhengzhou City




                                                                                                                                                   421
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                              Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                                of securities      of person in
           No    Province         City                  Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                            No. 15, West 16th Street,
                                            Securities Branch in West
           51                                                               Daoli District, Harbin City,            150010        Song Fei        0451-51531366
                                            16th Street, Harbin
                                                                            Heilongjiang Province
                                 Harbin                                     Floors 1-2, Block B, Aocheng
                                            Securities Branch in Xuanhua    International, No. 239, Xuanhua
           52                                                                                                       150001     Wang Qishen       0451-51998768
                                            Street, Harbin                  Street, Nangang District, Harbin
                                                                            City

                                                                            No. 236, Xiyitiao Road, Xi’an
                                            Securities Branch in Xiyitiao
           53                  Mudanjiang                                   District, Mudanjiang City,              157001       Ma Xiuhui        0453-8111898
                                            Road, Mudanjiang
                Heilongjiang                                                Heilongjiang Province
                      5
                                                                            Zhengyang South 10th Street,
                                            Securities Branch in            No. 3, Zhaodong, Suihua City,
           54                    Suihua     Zhengyang Street,               Heilongjiang Province (Office           151100       Sun Peng         0455-8182228
                                            Zhaodong, Suihua                of ICBC Zhaodong Branch on
                                                                            the 2/F)

                                                                            Commercial Service Building
                                                                            S10, Xinchao Jiayuan
                                            Securities Branch in Xinchao
           55                   Daqing                                      Community Phase I, Ranghulu            163400        Zheng Ye         0459-8971477
                                            Street, Daqing
                                                                            District, Daqing City,
                                                                            Heilongjiang Province
                                                                            No. 855, Minkang Road,
                                            Securities Branch in
           56                                                               Nanguan District, Changchun             130041       Cheng Bo         0431-81910599
                                            Minkang Road, Changchun
                                                                            City
                               Changchun
                                                                            No. 1000, Ziyou Avenue,
                                            Securities Branch in Ziyou
           57                                                               Chaoyang District, Changchun            130021       Guo Jiayin       0431-81919187
                   Jilin 3                  Avenue, Changchun
                                                                            City
                                                                            Branch No. 7, Dongchang
                                            Securities Branch in Jiefang    Complex Building 2, No. 62
           58                     Jilin                                                                             132001      Zhou Laiying     0432-65128799
                                            East Road, Jilin City           Jiefang East Road, Changyi
                                                                            District, Jilin City, Jilin Province
                                            Securities Branch in Zijin      No. 1, Zijin Road, Anlu City, Hubei
           59                                                                                                      432600        Zou Yizhao       0712-5231718
                                            Road, Anlu                      Province
                                            Securities Branch in Xiyue      Xiyue Avenue, Dawu County,
           60                                                                                                      432800      Chen Junhong       0712-7226466
                                            Avenue, Dawu                    Hubei Province
                                            Securities Branch in Xiannv     No. 215, Xiannv Avenue,
           61                                                                                                      431600        Li Zhihua        0712-8296358
                                            Avenue, Hanchuan                Hanchuan City, Hubei Province
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                            No. 29, Changzheng Road,
           62                               Changzheng Road,                                                       432000     Zhang Hongkai       0712-2326827
                                Xiaogan                                     Xiaogan City, Hubei Province
                                            Xiaogan
                                                                            Shop 20, Gucheng
                                                                            Xindu,Gucheng Avenue,
                                            Securities Branch in West
           63                                                               Chengzhong Street, Yingcheng           432400      Pan Jianping       0712-3226017
                                            Main Street, Yingcheng
                                                                            City, Xiaogan City, Hubei
                                                                            Province
                                            Securities Branch in            No. 1, Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng
           64                                                                                                      432500        Long Nina        0712-4338338
                                            Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng          County, Hubei Province
                                            Securities Branch in Jingui     No. 15, Jingui Avenue, Enshi City,
           65                                                                                                      445000         Feng Bo         0718-8237528
                                            Avenue, Enshi                   Hubei Province
                                            Securities Branch in Yezhou     No. 109, Yezhou Avenue, Yezhou
           66                                                                                                      445300        Chen Yan         0718-3230098
                                            Avenue, Jianshi                 Town, Jianshi County
                 Hubei 29
                                                                            No. 5 Chutian Road, Badong
                                            Securities Branch in            County, Enshi Tujia and Miao
           67                                                                                                      444300     Zhang Zhenqian      0718-8239026
                                            Chutian Road, Badong            Autonomous Prefecture, Hubei
                                 Enshi                                      Province
                                            Securities Branch in            No. 87, Fengxiang Avenue,
           68                                                                                                      445700        Si Guoyao        0718-6288118
                                            Fengxiang Avenue, Laifeng       Laifeng County
                                                                            Rooms 106 and 107, Block 8,
                                                                            Nanbin Garden, No. 66 Nanbin
                                            Securities Branch in Nanbin
           69                                                               Avenue, Group 1, Wangjiawan            445400       Qin Xiqiong       0718-7283339
                                            Avenue, Lichuan
                                                                            Village, Dongcheng Sub-
                                                                            district Office, Lichuan City
                                                                            No. 14, Floor 1-2, Building 2,
                                            Securities Branch in Middle     Xiangxie Lidu, Middle Jiangjin
           70                                                                                                      434000        Yu Yanhua        0716-8249551
                                            Jiangjin Road, Jingzhou         Road, Shashi District, Jingzhou
                                Jingzhou
                                                                            City
                                            Securities Branch in            No. 88, Bijiashan Road, Xiulin
           71                                                                                                      434400        Zuo Feng         0716-7282593
                                            Bijiashan Road, Shishou         Agency, Shishou City
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                            No. 29, Chaoyang Middle Road,
           72                    Shiyan     Chaoyang Middle Road,                                                  442000      Zhang Xingxin      0719-8688188
                                                                            Maojian District, Shiyan City
                                            Shiyan




422
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                   Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                     of securities      of person in
No   Province          City                     Name                           Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                     Securities Branch in          No. 225, Shennong Avenue,
                  Shennongjia
73                                   Shennong Avenue,              Songbai Town, Shennongjia            442400         Liu Chao        0719-3336276
                 Forestry District
                                     Shennongjia                   Forestry District
                                     Securities Branch in Minzu    No. 1 Minzu Avenue, Hongshan
74                                                                                                      430074          Xu Hui         027-87575660
                                     Avenue, Wuhan                 District, Wuhan City
                                                                   R1, 1/F and R1-R3, 2/F,Shipping
                                     Securities Branch in          International Plaza,
75                                                                                                      430032         Wang Li         027-83632286
                                     Jianghan Road, Wuhan          No. 250 Jianghan Road,
                                                                   Jiang’an District, Wuhan City



                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                                                                   Rooms 03 and 04, 1/F, Unit 3,
                                                                   Building 1, Vanke Jinyu Huafu,
                                     Securities Branch in Youyi
76                                                                 No. 29 Fangji Road, Yangyuan         430080       Liu Hongyan      027-86880966
                                     Avenue, Wuhan
                                                                   Street, Wuchang District,
                     Wuhan
                                                                   Wuhan City
                                     Securities Branch in Shouyi   No. 115, Shouyi Road, Wuchang
77                                                                                                      430060          Li Pan         027-88133377
                                     Road, Wuhan                   District, Wuhan City
                                                                   Room 1F-21 on 1/F and Room
                                                                   5-13 on 15/F, Building 3, Disiman
                                     Securities Branch in Wuluo
78                                                                 International Center, No. 421,       430070        Wang Kai         027-87816068
                                     Road, Wuhan
                                                                   Wuluo Road, Wuchang District,
                                                                   Wuhan City




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                     Securities Branch in Xinhua   No. 314, Xinhua Road,
79                                                                                                      430015       Zhang Feng       027-85558889
                                     Road, Wuhan                   Jianghan District, Wuhan City
     Hubei 29
                                     Securities Branch in          No. 19, Changhong North Road,
80                 Xiangyang         Changhong North Road,         High-tech Zone, Xiangyang            441000       Zhang Suicui      0710-3278298




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                     Xiangyang                     City
                                                                   Shops 101 & 102, 1/F and No.
                                     Securities Branch             201, 2/F, Building 8, No. 91-
81                                   in Dongmen Road,              36 Dongmen Road, Huangzhou           438000          Ning Yi        0713-8613915
                                     Huanggang                     District, Huanggang City,
                                                                   Hubei Province
                  Huanggang                                        Shops 101-104 and 201-203,
                                     Securities Branch in Minzhu   Building 3, Guoding Mansion,
82                                                                                                      435400       Li Zhongrun       0713-6758589
                                     Road, Wuxue                   No. 138-17 Minzhu Road, Wuxue
                                                                   City, Hubei Province
                                     Securities Branch in          No. 33, Ronghui Road, Macheng




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
83                                                                                                      438300         Zou Rui         0713-2772385
                                     Ronghui Road, Macheng         City, Hubei Province
                                     Securities Branch in Zilong   No. 59, Zilong Road, Dangyang                        Wang
84                                                                                                      444100                         0717-3252238
                                     Road, Dangyang                City, Hubei Province                               Zhenpeng
                                     Securities Branch in Xiling   No. 10, Xiling First Road, Yichang
85                                                                                                      443000         Xu Jian         0717-6223391
                                     First Road, Yichang           City
                    Yichang          Securities Branch in          No. 167, Changjiang Avenue,
86                                                                                                      443300        Hu Dewen         0717-4836899
                                     Changjiang Avenue, Yidu       Lucheng, Yidu City
                                                                   Junction of Tuanjie Road and
                                     Securities Branch in Park
87                                                                 Park Road, Majiadian, Zhijiang       443200      Zhou Wenting       0718-4200539
                                     Road, Zhijiang
                                                                   City
                                                                   Unit 30028-30032, Fuxing
                                                                   Commercial Plaza, No. 303,
                                     Securities Branch in Furong
88                 Changsha                                        Section 1, Furong Middle Road,       410007       Tang Jingyu      0731-85561098
                                     Middle Road, Changsha
                                                                   Kaifu District, Changsha City,
                                                                   Hunan Province




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
     Hunan 3
                                     Securities Branch in          Beside to the Local Tax Bureau,
89                                   Tianyue Avenue, Pingjiang,    Tianyue Avenue, Pingjiang            414500      Chen Muyuan        0730-6297006
                    Yueyang          Yueyang                       County, Yueyang City
                                     Securities Branch in          3/F, Jiamei Building, Wulipai,
90                                                                                                      414000       Chen Siyuan       0730-8240599




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
                                     Wulipai, Yueyang              Yueyang City
                                                                   No. 111, Supu Road, Donghu
                                     Securities Branch in Supu
91                                                                 District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi     330006         Han Tao        0791-86270340
                                     Road, Nanchang
                                                                   Province
                                                                   North side of Room 104 and
                   Nanchang                                        Room 204, No. 2 Commerce
                                                                   Building, Xinghehui Business
                                     Securities Branch in Fenghe
92                                                                 Center, No. 1333 Fenghe Middle       330100          Wu Di          0791-83751699
                                     Middle Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                   Avenue, Honggutan New
     Jiangxi 3                                                     District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi
                                                                   Province
                                                                   Shops 1-1, 1-10, 2-1 and
                                                                   2-10, Building 1, Yangming
                                     Securities Branch in M&A      International Center,
93                  Ganzhou                                                                             341000        Liu Jingwei      0797-5886858
                                     Fund Park, Ganzhou            Zhangjiang New Zone,
                                                                   Zhanggong District, Ganzhou
                                                                   City, Jiangxi Province




                                                                                                                                                       423
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                          Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                            of securities      of person in
           No    Province       City                Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 2, Dongheng Street,
           94                             Dongheng Street,                                                     213003         Yang Lu          18106123792
                                                                        Changzhou City
                                          Changzhou
                                          Securities Branch in Heping
           95                                                           No. 9, Heping North Road               213000         Jing Wei        0519-85522173
                                          North Road, Changzhou
                                                                        Nos. 1-10, 11, 12, 26, 27 and 28,
                                          Securities Branch in Taihu
           96                                                           Fuchen Park, Taihu East Road,          213000         Yan Yao        0519-86921660
                                          East Road, Changzhou
                                                                        Xinbei District, Changzhou City
                              Changzhou
                                          Securities Branch in          A-101 and 201, No. 137 Huayuan
           97                             Middle Yanzheng Avenue,       Street, Wujin District, Changzhou       213159     Zou Wenjuan        0519-81000818
                                          Changzhou                     City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        Nos. 109, 110, 111 and 112, Building
                                          Securities Branch in
           98                                                           1, Binhe Xingcheng, Jintan             213200       Yao Haitang      0519-82696969
                                          Nanhuan First Road, Jintan
                                                                        District, Changzhou City
                                          Securities Branch in South
           99                                                           No. 91, South Street, Liyang City      213300       Shi Yuefeng        18961106969
                                          Street, Liyang
                                                                        Shops 1004-1006, and Rooms
                                          Securities Branch in East
           100                                                          801-814, Building 1, Huifeng           223301        Wei Xiang        0517-83907001
                                          Huahai Road, Huaian
                                                                        Central Plaza, Huaian City
                                          Securities Branch in          Rooms 2, 3, 4, Building 2,
           101                            Chengde North Road,           Chengde Mansion, Huaiyin               223300          Yu Le         0517-84908988
                                          Huaiyin, Huaian               District, Huaian City
                                                                        Rooms 103 and 104, Building
                                          Securities Branch in Hongri   Z02, Xin Lian Yi Pin, Zhong
           102                 Huaian                                                                          223400          Hu Xi         0517-82660908
                                          Avenue, Lianshui, Huaian      Lian One City, Lianshui
                                                                        County,Huaian
                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 1007 Xiangyu Avenue,
           103                            Xiangyu Avenue, Huai’an                                              223200      Shen Zhongqin      0517-85198077
                                                                        Huaian District, Huaian City
                                          District, Huaian
                                                                        No. 45, Huaihe East Road,
                                          Securities Branch in Huaihe
           104                                                          Xucheng Town, Xuyi County,              211700        Kang Le         0517-88219875
                                          East Road, Xuyi, Huaian
                                                                        Huaian City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        Room 6, Building 109,
                                                                        Guangcheng Oriental City,
                                          Securities Branch in
           105                                                          No. 99 Zhenzhu South Road,              211200     Li Guangxiang      025-56235323
                                          Zhenzhu South Road, Lishui
                 Jiangsu 93                                             Yongyang Town, Lishui District,
                                                                        Nanjing City
                                          Securities Branch in          Room 1901, No. 39
           106                            Qingliangmen Street,          Qingliangmen, Gulou District,          210036      Zhang Haiqiao      025-86586116
                                          Nanjing                       Nanjing City
                                          Securities Branch in          1/F and 2/F, No. 99 Changjiang
           107                                                                                                 210005         Xing Qin        025-84798478
                                          Changjiang Road, Nanjing      Road, Nanjing City
                                                                        No. 188-6, Baota Road,Chunxi
                                          Securities Branch in Baota
           108                                                          Town, Gaochun District, Nanjing         211300      Xing Jiabin       025-56816719
                                          Road, Gaochun, Nanjing
                                                                        City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        No. 6, Wenlan Road, Xianlin
                                          Securities Branch in Wenlan
           109                                                          University Town, Qixia District,       210024        Li Boyang        025-58010075
                                          Road, Nanjing
                                                                        Nanjing
                                          Securities Branch in Lushan   No. 168, Lushan Road, Jianye
           110                                                                                                 210029     Jiang Xianming      025-83539789
                                          Road, Nanjing                 District, Nanjing City
                                                                        12/F, Block N, Nanjing Zendai
                                          Securities Branch in Minzhi
           111                 Nanjing                                  Hima Centre, No. 2 Minzhi Road,        210002        Dai Yang         025-86895618
                                          Road, Nanjing
                                                                        Yuhuatai District, Nanjing
                                                                        Rooms 801-805, Building
                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                        8, Fortune Plaza II, No. 228
           112                            Tianyuan East Road,                                                   211100       Hou Jiarui       025-87189130
                                                                        Tianyuan East Road, Chunhua
                                          Jiangning, Nanjing
                                                                        Street, Jiangning, Nanjing City
                                                                        Room 202A, Guanghua
                                          Securities Branch in
           113                                                          Building, No. 39 Daguang Road,          210016         Li Ying       025-84636866
                                          Daguang Road, Nanjing
                                                                        Qinhuai District, Nanjing City
                                          Securities Branch in          9/F, Building 1, No. 12 Xiongzhou
           114                            Xiongzhou West Road,          West Road, Xiongzhou Street,            211500     Xie Xiangshun      025-57115051
                                          Liuhe, Nanjing                Liuhe District, Nanjing City
                                                                        12/F, Building A, Yunmi City, No.
                                          Securities Branch in          19 Ningshuang Road, Yuhuatai
           115                                                                                                 210007       Xu Minfeng       025-84480958
                                          Ningshuang Road, Nanjing      District, Nanjing City, Jiangsu
                                                                        Province
                                          Securities Branch in Yushi    No. 96, Yushi Street, Nanjing
           116                                                                                                 210008       Yang Haikun       025-84701234
                                          Street, Nanjing               City, Jiangsu Province
                                          Securities Branch in
           117                                                          No. 26, Zhimaying, Nanjing City        210004      Chu Dongbing       025-52210618
                                          Zhimaying, Nanjing




424
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
No    Province       City               Name                            Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                              Securities Branch in          No. 255, Zhonghua Road,
118                                                                                                210001      Wang Huan         025-52230208
                              Zhonghua Road, Nanjing        Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
                              Securities Branch in Huatai
                                                            25/F, No. 90 East Zhongshan
119                           Securities Building, East                                           210009           Li Li         025-84718112
                                                            Road, Qinhuai District, Nanjing
                              Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
                                                            Room 902, 9/F, Building
                                                            D, Nanjing Yangtze River
                              Securities Branch in
                                                            International Shipping Center,
120                           Zhenghe Middle Road,                                                210003     Zhang Anzhong       025-83539292
                   Nanjing                                  No. 118, Zhenghe Middle Road;
                              Nanjing


                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                                                            No. 3-15 – 2, Yongning Street,
                                                            Gulou District, Nanjing
                              The Third Securities Branch   Block 6, No. 399, Zhongyang
121                           in Zhongyang Road,            Road, Nanjing City, Jiangsu            210037       Li Guoping       025-83581188
                              Nanjing                       Province
                                                            Room 3004, Building 1, No.
                              Securities Branch in Pukou
122                                                         11 Pukou Avenue, Jiangpu              210032       Ma Qiaoping       025-83176012
                              Avenue, Nanjing
                                                            Street, Pukou District, Nanjing
                                                            No. 231, Changjiang Road,
                              Securities Branch in
123                                                         Haimen Town, Haimen City,             226100         Zhu Bing       0513-82227766
                              Changjiang Road, Haimen
                                                            Jiangsu Province
                                                            No. 93, Middle Changjiang




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                              Securities Branch in Middle
                                                            Road, Hai’an Town, Hai’an
124                           Changjiang Road, Hai’an,                                            226600        Zhai Jiping     0513-88856678
                                                            County, Nantong City, Jiangsu
                              Nantong
                                                            Province




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                                            Rooms 2404-2405, South
                              Securities Branch in
125                                                         Building, Harmony City, No. 57        226000         Sha Fei         0513-85126758
                              Gongnong Road, Nantong
                                                            Gongnong Road, Nantong City
                                                            East half of the 2/F, Jinxin
                              Securities Branch in Middle   Building, No. 79, Middle
126                                                                                               226001         Fan Ying        0513-85123188
                              Renmin Road, Nantong          Renmin Road, Chongchuan
                                                            District, Nantong City
                                                            Southern section of the 4/F,
                              Securities Branch in          Room 101, Zhongyang Plaza,
127                           Jianghai Road, Rudong,        No. 2 East Jianghai Road,             226400       Shi Shushu       0513-84883333
                   Nan Tong
      Jiangsu 93              Nantong                       Chengzhong Street, Rudong




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                                                            County
                              Securities Branch in          Room 101, Block 2, Jinhaiyuan,
128                           Shanghai East Road,           Development Zone, Nantong             226009         Zhu Bing       0513-85895597
                              Nantong                       City
                              Securities Branch in New      Office 01B-2, No. 170,
129                           Century Avenue, Tongzhou,     NewCentury Avenue, High-tech          226300           Ji Xi        0513-81692959
                              Nantong                       Zone, Nantong
                              Securities Branch in          No. 6, Yaogang Road, Nantong
130                                                                                               226006          Xu Ke         0513-85580999
                              Yaogang Road, Nantong         City, Jiangsu Province
                                                            No. 505, Middle Renmin Road,
                              Securities Branch in Middle
131                                                         Huilong Town, Qidong City,            226200        Yao Liang       0513-83652208
                              Renmin Road, Qidong
                                                            Jiangsu Province
                                                            Rooms 2-1 & 2-2, Complex
                              Securities Branch in Fushou   Building, Chengjian Jiayuan                          Wang
132                                                                                               226500                        0513-87335888
                              Road, Rugao                   Phase III, Rucheng Town, Rugao                     Yongsheng




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                                            City, Jiangsu Province
                              Securities Branch in          No. 18, Jinshajiang Road,
133                           Jinshajiang Road,             Changshu City, Jiangsu                215500          Pan Yi        0512-52895998
                              Changshu                      Province




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                            3/F, Building 3, No. 8
                              Securities Branch in
                                                            Heilongjiang North Road,
134                           Heilongjiang North Road,                                            215300        Liu Xinglin      0512-55219166
                                                            Kunshan Development Zone,
                              Kunshan
                                                            Jiangsu Province
                              Securities Branch in
                                                            No. 1359, Ganjiang West Road,
135                           Ganjiang West Road,                                                 215004        Lu Renyan        0512-68270515
                    Suzhou                                  Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                              Suzhou
                                                            2/F, Building 2, Jinri Jiayuan (No.
                              Securities Branch in Heshan
136                                                         56, Heshan Road), Hightech            215000        Ruan Jing       0512-68785488
                              Road, Suzhou
                                                            Zone, Suzhou City
                              Securities Branch in Renmin   No. 1925, Renmin Road, Suzhou
137                                                                                                215001      Zhang Zhen       0512-67579766
                              Road, Suzhou                  City, Jiangsu Province
                                                            29A, Modern Media Plaza,
                              Securities Branch in East
138                                                         No. 265 East Suzhou Avenue,           215028       Gong Chen        0512-67248873
                              Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou
                                                            Suzhou Industrial Park




                                                                                                                                                 425
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                      Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                        of securities      of person in
           No    Province      City                Name                            Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                       No. 102, Xinshi Road, Canglang
                                        Securities Branch in Xinshi
           139                                                         District, Suzhou City, Jiangsu      215007       Guo Hengxi        0512-65187816
                                        Road, Suzhou
                                                                       Province
                                                                       No. 36-1, Taiping South Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Taiping
           140                                                         Chengxiang Town, Taicang            215400        Liu Lihong      0512-53589559
                                        South Road, Taicang
                                                                       City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                       Room 107, Huiying Mansion,
                                                                       Financial Business Center,
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                       North Side of Chenjiaqiao
           141                          Guangzhou Road, Shengze                                            215228      Fan Xiaofeng       0512-63910061
                                                                       Village Road, Xincheng District,
                                        Town, Wujiang
                                                                       Shengze Town, Wujiang District,
                                                                       Suzhou City
                                                                       No. 251, Middle Changjiang
                                        Securities Branch in Middle
                                                                       Road, Jingang Town,
           142                          Changjiang Road, Jingang                                           215633        Zhang Lin       0512-56767800
                              Suzhou                                   Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu
                                        Town, Zhangjiagang
                                                                       Province
                                        Securities Branch in
           143                          Yangshe East Road,             No. 2, Yangshe Road East            215600         Liu Xiao        0512-58127000
                                        Zhangjiagang
                                                                       Rooms 106, 111,112 on 1/F and
                                                                       Rooms 202 & 203 on 2/F,
                                                                       Wuzhong Commercial Center,
                                        Securities Branch in
           144                                                         Building 1, No. 198 Su Street,       215104       Sun Qiang       0512-66021886
                                        Wuzhong Avenue, Suzhou
                                                                       Yuexi Sub-district, Wuzhong
                                                                       Economic Development Zone,
                                                                       Suzhou
                                        Securities Branch in Gaoxin    Nos. 946 and 948, Gaoxin Road,
           145                          Road, Wujiang District,        Songling Town, Wujiang District,    215200       Zhao Yang        0512-63956208
                                        Suzhou                         Suzhou City
                                                                       No. 23, East Avenue, Luotang
                                        Securities Branch in East
           146                                                         Street, Jiangyan District,          225500      Miao Genping      0523-88209518
                                        Street, Jiangyan
                                                                       Taizhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                        Securities Branch in Middle    No. 150-3, Middle Renmin Road,
           147                                                                                             214500       Wu Haojun        0523-89101088
                                        Renmin Road, Jingjiang         Jingjiang City, Jiangsu Province
                                        Securities Branch in           D106 and D206, Hotel Building 4,
           148   Jiangsu 93             Guoqing West Road,             Qingyun Garden, Taixing City,       225400         Tao Jin        0523-87095597
                              Taizhou   Taixing                        Jiangsu Province
                                                                       Room 02, Building 6, Dushi
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                       Jiayuan Phase I, Jingang
           149                          Jingang South Road,                                                225300       Zhang Zhan       0523-86985597
                                                                       South Road, Gaogang District,
                                        Gaogang, Taizhou
                                                                       Taizhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                        Securities Branch in Middle
                                                                       No. 198, Middle Yingwu Road,
           150                          Yingwu Road, Xinghua,                                              225700        Cai Li’ang      0523-83256333
                                                                       Xinghua City, Jiangsu province
                                        Taizhou
                                        Securities Branch in Futai     5/F, New Baiye Square, No. 8
           151                                                                                              214421         Yu Bo         0510-86837528
                                        Road, Jiangyin                 Futai Road, Jiangyin City
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                       No. 680, Huandong Road,                             Chen
           152                          Huandong Road, Huashi                                               214421                        0510-81662778
                                                                       Huashi Town, Jiangyin City                        Dongdong
                                        Town, Jiangyin
                                        Securities Branch in West      No. 318, West Avenue,
           153                          Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,       Zhouzhuang Town, Jiangyin           214423        Yan Ming         0510-81660193
                                        Jiangyin                       City
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                       No. 10, Hongqiao North Road,
           154                          Hongqiao North Road,                                                214411     Zhou Junning       0510-81662758
                                                                       Changjing Town, Jiangyin City
                                        Changjing Town, Jiangyin
                                        Securities Branch in Yingxiu
                                                                       No. 111, Yingxiu Road, Qingyang
           155                          Road, Qingyang Town,                                                214401      Liu Chaohui       0510-86817241
                                                                       Town, Jiangyin City
                               Wuxi     Jiangyin
                                        Securities Branch in Shenpu    No. 108, Shenpu Road, Lingang
           156                                                                                             214443       Huang Yaqiu      0510-81666278
                                        Road, Lingang, Jiangyin        Sub-district, Jiangyin City
                                                                       1/F, Jiangong Building, No. 56
                                        Securities Branch in
           157                                                         Liangqing Road, Wuxi City,          214000       You Lingyan       0510-82768155
                                        Liangqing Road, Wuxi
                                                                       Jiangsu Province
                                        Securities Branch in Jiefang   No. 327, Jiefang West Road,
           158                                                                                             214000        Zhang Ye        0510-82722975
                                        West Road, Wuxi                Wuxi City
                                                                       Unit 01B, First Floor, No. 11,
                                        Securities Branch in
           159                                                         Financial First Street, Taihu New    214123        Tang Kai       0510-85065672
                                        Financial First Street, Wuxi
                                                                       City, Binhu District, Wuxi City
                                                                       1/F, Shuili Building, No. 12
                                        Securities Branch in Yongle
           160                                                         Nanhebang, Yongle Road,              214021       Dong Jun         0510-85045101
                                        Road, Wuxi
                                                                       Liangxi District, Wuxi City




426
                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                                 Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                   of securities      of person in
No    Province        City                  Name                            Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                No. 177, Jiefang East Road,
                                 Securities Branch in Jiefang
161                   Wuxi                                      Yicheng Sub-district, Yixing          214299         Wan Lei        0510-80793526
                                 East Road, Yixing
                                                                City, Jiangsu Province
                                 Securities Branch in           No. 69, Tongguan South Road,
162                Lianyungang   Tongguan South Road,           Haizhou District, Lianyungang         222001          Liu Lei       0518-85519068
                                 Lianyungang                    City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                No. 17 (on the first floor of CCB),
                                 Securities Branch in Beijing
163                                                             Beijing North Road, Shucheng          223600      Feng Lingtong     0527-87880259
                                 North Road, Shuyang
                     Suqian                                     Town, Shuyang County



                                                                                                                                                              About Us
                                 Securities Branch in Hongze    No. 581, Hongze Lake Road,
164                                                                                                   223800       Zhang Yang       0527-84390068
                                 Lake Road, Suqian              Suqian City
                                                                Room 103, 1/F & Rooms 306,
                                 Securities Branch in           307 and 308, 3/F, Technology
165                                                                                                   221006      Zhou Xuehong       0516-85850911
                                 Science Park, Xuzhou           Building, Technology Avenue,
                                                                Quanshan District, Xuzhou City
                                 Securities Branch in           No. 2, Tangmu Road, Pei
166                              Tangmu Road, Pei County,       County, Xuzhou City, Jiangsu          221600         Luo Wei        0516-81202066
                                 Xuzhou                         Province
                                                                No. 165, 1/F and Rooms 2102-
                                 Securities Branch in Huaihai   2105, Unit A, Suning Plaza, No.
167                                                                                                   221000        Jiao Shuai       0516-83718027
                                 East Road, Xuzhou              29 Huaihai East Road, Gulou




                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                District, Xuzhou City
                                                                Rooms 104, 205, 206, 214 and
                                 Securities Branch in Renmin    215, Unit 1, Building 1, Hongrui
168                                                                                                   221200        Zhang Lei        0516-81307121
                                 East Road, Suining, Xuzhou     Jiadi, Renmin East Road,




                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                     Xuzhou
                                                                Suicheng Town, Suining County
                                                                Room 1-104, Building B,Baolong
                                 Securities Branch in Heping
169                                                             Square, No. 99 Heping Road,            221116    Wang Guihang       0516-83538896
                                 Road, Xuzhou
                                                                Yunlong District, Xuzhou City
                                                                Room 109, 1/F & Room 205, 2/
                                 Securities Branch in           F, Block 1A, Fortune Plaza, No.                       Zhang
170                                                                                                   221000                        0516-85803998
                                 Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou      75 Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou                        Zhengxing
                                                                City
                                 Securities Branch in Daqiao    No. 8, Daqiao West Road, Xinyi,
171                                                                                                   221400        Wang Lei        0516-88989808
                                 West Road, Xinyi               Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province
      Jiangsu 93
                                                                (Shops 2-10, Mingshi Garden),




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                 Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 5101 Zhongyang Avenue,
172                              Zhongyang Avenue, Feng                                                221700      Chen Yanzhi      0516-66650130
                                                                Feng County, Xuzhou City,
                                 County, Xuzhou
                                                                Jiangsu Province
                                 Securities Branch in Renmin    Rooms 102, 103 and 104, Building
173                              South Road, Dafeng,            B, Yangguang Mall, Dafeng             224100         Yang Fei       0515-83928806
                                 Yancheng                       District, Yancheng
                                                                Rooms 8017& 8018, Building 3,
                                 Securities Branch in Middle
174                                                             Shangye New Village, No. 78           224200          Xi Jing        0515-85105761
                                 Hailing Road, Dongtai
                                                                Middle Hailing Road, Dongtai
                                 Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 63(C), Chenghe Road,
175                              Chenghe Road, Funing,                                                224400       Fu Yacheng        0515-87875111
                    Yancheng                                    Funing County
                                 Yancheng
                                                                Room 15-103 and Room 15-
                                                                104, No. 15 Commercial and
                                 Securities Branch in South     Residential Building, No. 16




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
176                              Hongxing Alley, Binhai,        Commercial and Office                 224500      Zhou Dehong        0515-87021988
                                 Yancheng                       Building, Lvdu Jiayuan, No. 29
                                                                South Hongxing Alley, Dongkan
                                                                Street, Binhai County
                                 Securities Branch in




                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
177                              Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou,         No. 37, Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou         225600        Guan Yizhi      0514-84666552
                                 Yangzhou
                                 Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 10, Yeting East Road,
178                              Yeting East Road, Baoying,                                           225800        Zuo Enlin       0514-88230488
                                                                Baoying County
                                 Yangzhou
                                                                Nos. 220, 222 and 226, Business
                    Yangzhou     Securities Branch in South     Buildings, Longchuan Road,
179                              Longchuan Road, Jiangdu,       Zhongyuan Europe City,                225200       Liu Handong      0514-86534998
                                 Yangzhou                       Xiannv Town, Jiangdu District,
                                                                Yangzhou City
                                                                (Park International Building)
                                 Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 56, Wenchang West
180                              Wenchang West Road,                                                  225000         Cheng Li       0514-85863888
                                                                Road, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu
                                 Yangzhou
                                                                Province




                                                                                                                                                     427
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                        Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                          of securities      of person in
           No     Province      City                Name                             Address                 Zip code      branches             charge



                                          Securities Branch in           No. 406, Wenchang Middle
           181                            Wenchang Middle Road,          Road, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu        225001     Zhang Jingbao      0514-87055888
                                          Yangzhou                       Province
                              Yangzhou
                                          Securities Branch in           No. 101, Zhenzhou East Road,
           182                            Zhenzhou East Road,            Zhenzhou Town, Yizheng City,         211400       Lu Zaiyan       0514-83962098
                                          Yizheng, Yangzhou              Jiangsu Province

                                                                         No. 235, Cuizhu South
                                          Securities Branch in Cuizhu
           183                                                           Road, Sanmao Sub-district,          212200         Ling Qi        0511-88399933
                                          South Road, Yangzhong
                                                                         Yangzhong City
                 Jiangsu 93
                                          Securities Branch in           Rooms 131-133, HengyuBuilding,
           184                            Guyang Avenue, Dantu,          Guyang Middle Avenue, Dantu         212000          Xu Rui         0511-85115898
                                          Zhenjiang                      District, Zhenjiang City
                              Zhenjiang
                                          Securities Branch in           Nos. 16-1 to 16-3, Fenghuang
           185                            Fenghuang Road, Danyang,       Road, Development Zone,             212300       Hou Yeping        0511-86699772
                                          Zhenjiang                      Danyang

                                          Securities Branch in           No. 1, Huayang North
           186                            Huayang North Road,            Road,Huayang Town, Jurong           212400          Xu Kai        0511-85979998
                                          Jurong, Zhenjiang              City

                                                                         Nos. 2-1, 2-2 and 2-3, Unit 1,
                                                                         No. 227 Market Street; Nos. 223
                                          Securities Branch in Shengli
           187                                                           and 231, Market Street, Xigang       116013       Tang Wei         0411-82815866
                                          East Road, Dalian
                                                                         District, Dalian City, Liaoning
                               Dalian                                    Province

                                                                         No. 4, Meiduyuan, Shahekou
                                          Securities Branch in Lianhe
           188                                                           District, Dalian City, Liaoning      116021        Jia Jing       0411-84342688
                                          Road, Dalian
                                                                         Province

                                          Securities Branch in Shiyou    Jiguanwei, Shiyou Street,
           189                 Panjin                                                                         124010       Wang Fan         0427-3257500
                                          Street, Panjin                 Xinglongtai District, Panjin City

                                                                         No. 187, Daxi Road, Shenhe
                                          Securities Branch in Daxi
           190   Liaoning 7                                              District, Shenyang City, Liaoning    110014       Wang Hui         024-31976665
                                          Road, Shenyang
                                                                         Province

                                                                         Floors 2-5, No. 23, Guangrong
                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                         Street, Heping District,
           191                            Guangrong Street,                                                   110003      Liu Xiaoqing      024-31883577
                              Shenyang                                   Shenyang City, Liaoning
                                          Shenyang
                                                                         Province

                                                                         No. 320 (Building group 201),
                                          Securities Branch in           Qingnian Street, Heping District,
           192                                                                                                110004       Zhang Sai        024-31883388
                                          Qingnian Street, Shenyang      Shenyang City, Liaoning
                                                                         Province

                                          Securities Branch in Bohai     No. 16-A-1, Bohai Street East,
           193                Yingkou                                                                         115000       Wang Ran         0417-3350961
                                          Street, Yingkou                Zhanqian District

                                                                         West Hall, 1F, Runheng Building,
                                          Securities Branch in Jingqi
           194                                                           No. 83, Jingqi Road, Shizhong       250000       Zhang Qinlei      18660186343
                                          Road, Jinan
                                                                         District, Jinan City

                                                                         Room 203, 2/F, Podium of
                                                                         Shandong Port Luhai Logistics
                                          Securities Branch in Jingshi
           195                  Jinan                                    Building, No. 25-6 Jiefang          250061       Wang Qiang        0531-82318318
                                          Road, Jinan
                                                                         East Road, Lixia District, Jinan
                                                                         City

                                                                         1/F, East Dongyuan Building, No.
                                          Securities Branch in Jiefang
           196                                                           30 Jiefang Road, Lixia District,    250013     Cheng Gaofeng      0531-85829568
                                          Road, Jinan
                                                                         Jinan City

                                                                         No. 32, Changshan Road,
                 Shandong 7               Securities Branch in
           197                                                           Laiyang City, Shandong              265200     Zhang Baigang       0535-7999111
                                          Changshan Road, Laiyang
                                                                         Province
                               Yantai
                                                                         No. 85, Jinhua Street, Zhifu
                                          Securities Branch in Jinhua
           198                                                           District, Yantai City, Shandong     264000     Wang Xiaodong       0535-2150055
                                          Street, Yantai
                                                                         Province

                                                                         No. 79, West Hong Kong Road,
                                          Securities Branch in West
           199                Qingdao                                    Shinan District, Qingdao,           266071       Cui Junfeng      0532-85713938
                                          Hong Kong Road, Qingdao
                                                                         Shandong Province

                                                                         Room 101, Block B, Weite
                                          Securities Branch in           Tianyuan Square, Jinqueshan
           200                  Linyi                                                                        276000       Jing Jianfei     0539-7030698
                                          Jinqueshan Road, Linyi         Road, Lanshan District, Linyi
                                                                         City, Shandong Province




428
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                              Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                of securities      of person in
No     Province       City                Name                            Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                               Securities Branch in
                                                              Room 901, No. 1158, Jiangning
201                            Jiangning Road, Putuo                                               200060      Chen Xiaoxue       021-33532200
                                                              Road, Putuo District, Shanghai
                               District, Shanghai
                                                              Rooms 1103 & 1105, Nos.
                               Securities Branch in
                                                              359 & 365, West Guangzhong
202                            Gonghe New Road,                                                    200435      Bao Jianghao       021-56761987
                                                              Road, Jing’an District,
                               Shanghai
                                                              Shanghai

                               Securities Branch in Guobin    Rooms 1801-1804, No. 36,
203                            Road, Yangpu District,         Guobin Road, Yangpu District,        200433          Qi Lili        021-33621855



                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                               Shanghai                       Shanghai

                               Securities Branch in           4/F, No. 333, Huanghe Road,
204                                                                                                200003         He Wei          021-63181398
                               Huanghe Road, Shanghai         Huangpu District, Shanghai

                                                              Room 5003-05 (actual room
                               Securities Branch in Raffles   numbers are 4403A, 4403B,
205                            Square, Huangpu District,      4404), No. 268, Central Tibet        200042         Shi Cao         021-63550001
                               Shanghai                       Road, Huangpu District,
                                                              Shanghai
                               Securities Branch in Weihai
                                                              Room 1305, No. 511, Weihai
206                            Road, Jing’an District,                                             200041        Xu Yixuan        021-62678287
                                                              Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai
                               Shanghai
                               Securities Branch in



                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                              5/F, No. 1508, Mudanjiang Road,
207                            Mudanjiang Road,                                                    201999     Duan Baodong        021-56106616
                                                              Baoshan District, Shanghai
                               Shanghai
                               Securities Branch in           Nos. 46, 47, 48 and 49, Miaojing




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
208                            Wangyuan South Road,           New Village, Fengxian District,      201400       Yang Junjie       021-67136006
                               Fengxian District, Shanghai    Shanghai

                                                              Rooms 03B-05A, 26/F (actual
      Shanghai 15   Shanghai
                               Securities Branch in Fushan    floor number: 23/F), No.
209                            Road, Pudong New District,     388, Fushan Road, China              200120       Hu Shengqi        021-20773068
                               Shanghai                       (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade
                                                              Zone

                               Securities Branch in           Rooms 1103, 1105, 1107 and 1109,
210                            Tianyaoqiao Road, Xuhui        No. 329, Tianyaoqiao Road,           200030     Zhang Renrong       021-54254885
                               District, Shanghai             Xuhui District, Shanghai




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                               Securities Branch in Xianxia   No. 1398-1, Xianxia Road,
211                            Road, Changning District,      Changning District, Shanghai         200336        Li Zhongyi       021-52983009
                               Shanghai                       (Temporary)

                               Securities Branch in           6/F, 7/F, No. 1088, Wuding Road,
212                                                                                                200040         Xie Feng        021-62566063
                               Wuding Road, Shanghai          Jing’an District, Shanghai

                                                              Units 01B, 02, 03, 05, 06, 3/F,
                               Securities Branch in South
                                                              Building A, Block 4, No. 1, Lane
213                            Huangpi Road, Huangpu                                                200011    Huang Weiqing       021-63356099
                                                              838, South Huangpi Road,
                               District, Shanghai
                                                              Huangpu District, Shanghai
                               Securities Branch in
                                                              1-3/F, No. 642, Miaojing Road,
214                            Miaojing Road, Pudong                                               201299       Miao Cong         021-33825017
                                                              Pudong New District, Shanghai
                               New District, Shanghai
                               Securities Branch in           Unit 05, 1/F, No. 1229 Century
215                            Century Avenue, Pudong         Avenue, China (Shanghai) Pilot       200120       Huang Wei         021-58392077
                               New District, Shanghai         Free Trade Zone




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                              Rooms 03 and 04, 15/F
                               Securities Branch in           (actually Rooms 03 and 04,
216                            Dongfang Road, Pudong          12/F), No. 18 Dongfang Road,          201120      Luo Yihong        021-28972315
                               New District, Shanghai         China (Shanghai) Pilot Free
                                                              Trade Zone




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                                              Room 2103, 21/F, Unit 1, Building
                                                              10, Tianfu Xingu, No. 399, West
                               Securities Branch in Jinhui
217                                                           Section, Fucheng Avenue,             610000        Yang Rui        028-87448096
                               West 2nd Street, Chengdu
                                                              Hitech Zone, Chengdu, China
                                                              (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone

                                                              Nos. 02 and 03, 21/F, Unit 1,Block
                               Securities Branch in           1, No. 5 Xiyu Street, Qingyang
218                                                                                                 610041     Gao Xiongwei       028-85512252
       Sichuan 7    Chengdu    TianfuSquare, Chengdu          District, Chengdu City, Sichuan
                                                              Province

                                                              Rooms 1506 and 1507, 15/
                                                              F,Unit 1, Building 1, Xinxiwang
                               Securities Branch in Renmin    Building, No. 45, Renmin Road
219                                                                                                 610031       Li Huiying      028-85590880
                               South Road, Chengdu            South Section IV, Wuhou
                                                              District, Chengdu City, Sichuan
                                                              Province




                                                                                                                                                  429
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                           of securities      of person in
           No     Province       City                 Name                             Address                Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                           Rooms 1901 and 1905, BlockB,
                                           Securities Branch in Shujin     Jinsha Wanrui Center, No. 1
           220                                                                                                 610091         Li Xiao        028-61505176
                                           Road, Chengdu                   Shujin Road, Qingyang District,
                                                                           Chengdu City
                                                                           Rooms 1401 and 04, 14/F, Block
                                                                           1, No. 588 Middle Section of
                               Chengdu     Securities Branch in
           221                                                             Tianfu Avenue, Hitech Zone,         610213    Wang Hongtao       028-85640443
                                           TianfuAvenue, Chengdu
                                                                           Chengdu City, China (Sichuan)
                  Sichuan 7                                                Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                           Annexes 13 and 14 of No. 68
                                           Securities Branch in Shixili,
           222                                                             Yuanlin Road, Xipu Town, Pidu       611731        Liu Feng        028-87843269
                                           Xipu, Chengdu
                                                                           District, Chengdu City
                                                                           A2, A3, A4, A5 and A6, 5/F,
                                           Securities Branch in
                                                                           Building 1, Diamond Plaza,
                                           Diamond Plaza,
           223                  Deyang                                     No. 29, Section 2, Changjiang       618100     Shang Guang        0838-7201167
                                           Changjiang West Road,
                                                                           West Road, Deyang, Sichuan
                                           Deyang
                                                                           Province
                                                                           No. 16-3, Guizhou Post
                                                                           Building, No. 2 Zhonghua
                                           Securities Branch in
                                                                           North Road, Yuxiu Sub-
           224    Guizhou 1     Guiyang    Zhonghua North Road,                                               550001     Shu Mengxiang      0851-86753279
                                                                           district, Yunyan District,
                                           Guiyang
                                                                           Guiyang City, Guizhou
                                                                           Province
                                                                           Rooms 1502 and 1503, 15/F, Unit
                                           Securities Branch in
           225   Chongqing 1   Chongqing                                   2, No. 9 Huixianyan Square,        400084       He Xiaoping       023-68901837
                                           Jiangbeizui, Chongqing
                                                                           Jiangbei District, Chongqing
                                           Securities Branch in Baidi      No. 240, Baidi Road, Nankai
           226                                                                                                300192      Zhang Haiyan       022-87893469
                                           Road, Tianjin                   District
                                                                           Rooms 209-211, 2/F, Caizhi
                                           Securities Branch in Erwei
                                                                           Building, No. 9, Erwei Road,
           227                             Road, Dongli Development                                           300399       Liu Yongjun       022-84373801
                                                                           Dongli Development Zone,
                                           Zone, Tianjin
                                                                           Tianjin City
                  Tianjin 4     Tianjin                                    Bottom Floor (Business Area),
                                           Securities Branch in Qinjian
           228                                                             Yunhan Building, No. 185,          300130         Li Shuai        022-26532286
                                           Road, Tianjin
                                                                           Qinjian Road, Hongqiao District
                                                                           Units 07, 08, 09 and 10, 2/F,
                                           Securities Branch in            Building 1, No. 40, Huachang
           229                                                                                                 300151      Xu Jianguo        022-58811908
                                           Huachang Road, Tianjin          Road, Hedong District, Tianjin
                                                                           City
                                                                           4/F, Changye Golden Villa,
                                           Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 621 Donggang West Road,
           230     Gansu 1      Lanzhou    Donggang West Road,                                                730000          Fu Jie         0931-8106511
                                                                           Chengguan District, Lanzhou
                                           Lanzhou
                                                                           City, Gansu Province
                                                                           City, Gansu Province 1/F and
                                                                           6/F, Western Culture Plaza,
                                           Securities Branch in Wenyi
           231                                                             No. 11, Wenyi North Road, Beilin   710054        Jia Gang         029-87889991
                                           North Road, Xi’an
                                                                           District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi
                  Shaanxi 2      Xi’an
                                                                           Province
                                                                           1/F, Jintai Holiday Flower City,
                                           Securities Branch in
           232                                                             Zhangba East Road, Yanta           710065       Chen Yuwen        029-85587020
                                           Zhangba East Road, Xi’an
                                                                           District, Xi’an City
                                                                           Room 59-147, 3/F, Building 5,
                                           Securities Branch in Xinning    Hexin Center, No. 23, Xinning
           233    Qinghai 1      Xining                                                                       810000         Liang Xu        0971-6368338
                                           Road, Xining                    Road, Chengxi District, Xining
                                                                           City, Qinghai Province
                                           Securities Branch in Jiefang    8/F, Jinrong Building, No. 243,
           234    Xinjiang 1     Yining                                                                       835000        Wang Hui        0999-8986569
                                           West Road, Yining City          Jiefang West Road, Yining City
                                                                           Room 101, Commercial Building
                                                                           No. 1, Jinhai Mingyue Garden,
                                           Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 65 Yinjiaqu North Street,
           235    Ningxia 1    Yinchuan    Yinjiaqu North Street,                                             750004         Liu Ming        0951-6019666
                                                                           Jinfeng District, Yinchuan
                                           Yinchuan
                                                                           City, Ningxia Hui Autonomous
                                                                           Region
                                                                           Room 14102, Building 3,GTland
                                           Securities Branch in Jiefang    Plaza, Shangcheng District,
           236                                                                                                310004     Wang Qianwen       0571-28002220
                                           East Road, Hangzhou             Hangzhou City, Zhejiang
                                                                           Province
                 Zhejiang 8    Hangzhou                                    Rooms 501B and 805, North
                                                                           Tower, Gongyuan Building, No.
                                           Securities Branch in Qiushi
           237                                                             8 Qiushi Road, Xihu District,      310007       Zhu Weizhou      0571-87756088
                                           Road, Hangzhou
                                                                           Hangzhou City, Zhejiang
                                                                           Province




430
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                            Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                              of securities      of person in
No    Province       City                Name                            Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                                             3/F, Office Building, No. 230,
                              Securities Branch in Liuting
238                 Ningbo                                   Liuting Street, Haishu District,     315010        Ren Xin        0574-87023678
                              Street, Ningbo
                                                             Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province
                                                             No. 213 (101 & 102), No. 215 (101
                                                             & 102) and No. 217 (233, 234
                              Securities Branch in Fushan,
239                Shaoxing                                  & 236-241), Huancheng West          312000        Li Wenhui       0575-85222916
                              Shaoxing
                                                             Road, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang
                                                             Province
                                                             Shops 8-13, 1/F,



                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                              Securities Branch in           YangguangBuilding, Xinqiao
240                Wenzhou    Yangguang Avenue,              Village, Jiangbei Sub-district,     325102        Liu Jiexing     0577-66992188
                              Yongjia                        Yongjia County, Zhejiang
      Zhejiang 8                                             Province
                                                             Rooms 802 & 803, No. 166-
                              Securities Branch in Jiefang   1, No. 118, Jiefang East Road,                     Zhang
241                Zhoushan                                                                       316100                       0580-3066008
                              East Road, Zhoushan            Dinghai District, Zhoushan City,                  Hangqing
                                                             Zhejiang Province
                                                             Northeast Section, Room 104,
                                                             Donggang Complex Office
                              Securities Branch in
242                Taizhou                                   Building, No. 183, Zhongxin         318000       Chen Huang       0576-89811389
                              Zhongxin Avenue, Taizhou
                                                             Avenue, Taizhou City, Zhejiang
                                                             Province



                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                             No. 1115, No. 1119, Fanggong
                              Securities Branch in
243                 Jiaxing                                  Road, Nanhu District, Jiaxing       314000         Gu Lijia       0573-82862312
                              Fanggong Road, Jiaxing
                                                             City, Zhejiang Province




                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                431
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           III. INFORMATION DISCLOSURES INDEX


          1. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on China
          Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily and on the
          website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn):


           No.       Date                                                                     Announcement



            1    2022-01-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2021

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate
            2    2022-02-07
                              Bonds to Professional Investors

            3    2022-02-10   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended January 31, 2022

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Establishment of a Public Welfare Foundation, Announcement by Huatai Securities
            4    2022-03-04   Co., Ltd. on the Listing of Offshore Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                              Providing Guarantee for the Issuance of USD Bonds of Wholly-owned Offshore Subsidiaries

           5     2022-03-05   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended February 28, 2022

           6     2022-03-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

            7    2022-03-23   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual Results of 2021

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           8     2022-03-26
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-
           9     2022-03-28   term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Preliminary
                              Financial Data for the Year of 2021

                              2021 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2021 Annual Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Independent Opinion of
                              Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Matters Concerning 2021 Annual Report of the Company, 2021 Audit Report of
                              Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Special Explanation of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation of Non-operating Funds and Occupation
                              of Other Associated Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2021, Report on Performance of Duties of Audit Committee
                              under the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2021, Report on Performance of Duties of the Independent Directors of the Company for
                              2021, Annual Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2021, Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd. for 2021, Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2021, Announcement by Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-first Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Independent Opinion of Independent Directors
                              of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Directors of the Company, Statements of Candidates for Independent
           10    2022-03-31
                              Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Statements of Nominators of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement
                              by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twelfth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement
                              by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Accounting Firms, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Amendments to the
                              Articles of Association, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares,
                              Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted
                              A Shares by the Company, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
                              Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on Annual Profit
                              Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2021, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Resignation of Independent Non-
                              executive Director, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Anticipation of Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties in 2022

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
            11   2022-04-02
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           12    2022-04-07   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer
                              on Movements in Securities for the month ended March 31, 2022

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of
           13    2022-04-09
                              the Twenty-second Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Independent Opinion of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Appointment of
                              Members of the Executive Committee and Chief Information Officer of the Company

           14    2022-04-15   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Resignation of Non- executive Director

           15    2022-04-20   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

           16    2022-04-28   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Registered Address of Holding Subsidiary Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.

           17    2022-04-30   First Quarterly Report of 2022 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           18    2022-05-06
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Holding Subsidiary
           19    2022-05-07
                              Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. Increasing Registered Capital, H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements
                              in Securities for the month ended April 30, 2022

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           20    2022-05-11
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           21    2022-05-14
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




432
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



                   Notice of Convening Annual General Meeting of 2021 and 2022 First A Shareholders Class Meeting by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
22    2022-05-21   Documents of 2021 Annual General Meeting, 2022 First A Shareholders Class Meeting, 2022 First H Shareholders Class Meeting of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
23    2022-05-28
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

24    2022-06-01   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-fourth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
25    2022-06-03
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

26    2022-06-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended May 31, 2022



                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
27    2022-06-11
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Indicative Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notes on Attending 2021 Annual General Meeting and 2022 First A
28    2022-06-14
                   Shareholders Class Meeting during the Prevention and Control Period of the COVID-19 Pandemic

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of 2021 Annual General Meeting, 2022 First A Shareholders Class Meeting
                   and 2022 First H Shareholders Class Meeting, the Articles of Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Legal Opinions from King & Wood
                   Mallesons on 2021 Annual General Meeting, 2022 First A Shareholders Class Meeting and 2022 First H Shareholders Class Meeting of
29    2022-06-23   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Approval of Qualification as Director, Announcement by
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-fifth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on Notice to Creditors Regarding the Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares to Reduce
                   Registered Capital




                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
30    2022-07-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended June 30, 2022

31    2022-07-09   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of Acquiring Equity Interest in Huatai Futures

32    2022-07-23   H Share Announcement of HTSC – 2021 Corporate Annual Report




                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Equity Distribution for 2021, Special Legal Opinions from King & Wood
33    2022-07-29
                   Mallesons (Nanjing) on Differentiated Distribution of Dividends of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2021

34    2022-08-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended July 31, 2022)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
35    2022-08-12
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

36    2022-08-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

37    2022-08-24   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Convening of 2022 Interim Results Briefing

                   2022 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2022 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai
38    2022-08-31
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-sixth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
39    2022-09-01
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

40    2022-09-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended August 31, 2022)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Listing of Offshore Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and
41    2022-09-15   Chongwa (Macao) Financial Asset Exchange Co., Limited, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Providing Guarantee for the
                   Issuance of RMB Bonds of Wholly-owned Offshore Subsidiary

42    2022-09-20   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. On Approval of the Qualifications of Trading Business of Listing Securities

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Implementation of Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares,
43    2022-09-21   Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares under the
                   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
44    2022-09-22
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
45    2022-09-27   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

46    2022-10-11   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended September 30, 2022)

47    2022-10-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

                   The Articles of Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of the Change in




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
48    2022-10-21
                   Industrial and Commercial Registration of Registered Capital and Amendments to the Articles of Association

49    2022-10-24   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Serving Real Economies and Supporting High-quality Development

                   Third Quarterly Report of 2022 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the
                   Twenty-seventh Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Administrative System regarding the Shares of the Company Held by
                   Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.(Revised in 2022), Administrative System Regarding Investor
50    2022-10-29
                   Relationship of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.(Revised in 2022), Management Measures for Information Disclosure of Huatai Securities Co.,
                   Ltd.(Revised in 2022), Terms of Reference of Special Committees under the Board (Revised in 2022), Announcement by Huatai Securities
                   Co., Ltd. on Profit Distribution from Wholly-owned Subsidiary

51    2022-11-02   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Third Quarterly Results of 2022

52    2022-11-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended October 31, 2022

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
53    2022-11-16
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
54    2022-11-17
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                433
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                   Announcement



           55    2022-11-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Change of Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           56    2022-11-21
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           57    2022-11-23
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           58    2022-11-24
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           59    2022-11-26
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-eighth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board,
                              Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Directors of the Company,
                              Statements of Candidates for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Statements of Nominators of Independent Directors
           60    2022-11-29   of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixteenth Meeting of the Fifth Session
                              of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Amendments to the Articles of Association and the Rules
                              of Procedures for General Meetings, Notice of 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Document of 2022
                              First Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           61    2022-12-01
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           62    2022-12-02
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           63    2022-12-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended November 30, 2022

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           64    2022-12-08
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           65    2022-12-15
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           66    2022-12-17
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Indicative Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notes on Attending the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting during the
           67    2022-12-22
                              Prevention of the COVID-19 Pandemic

           68    2022-12-24   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Wholly-owned Subsidiary Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. Increasing Registered Capital

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           69    2022-12-30
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Election of an Employee Representative Director of the Sixth Session of the Board,
                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Election of Employee Representative Supervisors of the Sixth Session of the
                              Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting,
                              Management System for Related-party Transactions of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022), the Working System for Independent
                              Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022), the Articles of Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022), Rules
                              of Procedures for General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022), Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the
                              2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of
                              the First Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Independent Opinions of Independent Directors on Matters Related to the Rights
                              Issue and Shareholders’ Interim Return Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Independent Opinion of Independent Director on Appointment
           70    2022-12-31
                              of Senior Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the First Meeting
                              of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Satisfaction of the Conditions for
                              the Rights Issue of the Company, Proposal for Public Issuance of Shares by Way of Rights Issue of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Feasibility
                              Analysis Report on the Use of Proceeds from the Rights Issue of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Report on Use of Proceeds Previously Raised
                              by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and Assurance Report, Report on the Use of Proceeds Previously Raised of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
                              Shareholders’ Interim Return Plan (2023-2025) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Risk
                              Reminder of and Remedial Measures to the Dilution of Immediate Returns Resulted from the Rights Issue to the Existing Shareholders
                              and the Undertakings by Relevant Parties, Notice of 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting and 2023 First A Shareholders Class
                              Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.




434
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the HKEXnews
website of HKEX (www. hkexnews.hk):


No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



 1    2022-01-06   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2021

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2022
 2    2022-01-12
                   and Delisting for 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds
 3    2022-01-13
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche) (Type I)



                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Non-
 4    2022-01-14
                   publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Non-
 5    2022-01-18
                   publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
 6    2022-01-25
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities
 7    2022-01-27
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the
 8    2022-02-07
                   Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors




                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2022
 9    2022-02-08
                   and Delisting for 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)

 10   2022-02-09   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended January 31, 2022




                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
 11   2022-02-11   Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest
                   of 2022 and Delisting for 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
 12   2022-02-15
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Establishment of a Public Welfare
                   Foundation, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Listing of Offshore Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
 13   2022-03-03
                   Limited, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Providing Guarantee for the Issuance of USD Bonds of Wholly-owned Offshore
                   Subsidiary

 14   2022-03-04   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended February 28, 2022




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2022
 15   2022-03-15
                   and Delisting for 2019 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (Type I)

 16   2022-03-18   Date of Board Meeting

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds
 17   2022-03-22   Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First Tranche) (Type I), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual
                   Results of 2021

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
 18   2022-03-25
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement on Preliminary Financial Data for the Year of 2021, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai
 19   2022-03-27   Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-
                   owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Results Announcement for the Year Ended December 31, 2021, Proposed Amendments To the Articles of Association, Proposed Change
                   of Accounting Firms, Proposed Change of Directors, Announcement in Relation To Repurchase And Cancellation of Part of the
                   Restricted A Shares, 2021 Corporate Social Responsibility Report, Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2021, Overseas




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                   Regulatory Announcement – 2021 Annual Report, 2021 Annual Report Summary, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the
                   Resolutions of the Twenty-first Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions
                   of the Twelfth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. in 2021, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Anticipation of Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                   in 2022, Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Directors of the
 20   2022-03-30   Company, Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Matters Concerning 2021 Annual Report of
                   the Company, Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part
                   of the Restricted A Shares by the Company, Report on Performance of Duties of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in
                   2021, Report on Performance of Duties of Audit Committee under the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2021, Annual Internal Control
                   Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2021, Statements of Nominators of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities
                   Co.,Ltd., Statements of Candidates for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons
                   (Nanjing) on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares
                   ofHuatai Securities Co., Ltd., Special Explanation of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation of Non-operating Funds and Transaction of
                   Other Associated Funds for 2021, Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
 21   2022-04-01
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended March 31, 2022, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –
 22   2022-04-06   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly- owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                435
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                  Announcement



                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Appointment
                              of Members of the Executive Committee and Chief Information Officer of the Company, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
           23    2022-04-08   Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary
                              Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-second Meeting of the Fifth Session
                              of the Board

           24    2022-04-14   Resignation of Non-Executive Director, List of Directors and Their Role and Function

                              Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the
                              Principal and Interest of 2022 and Delisting for 2019 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second Tranche) (Type I),
           25    2022-04-19
                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors
                              (Second Tranche)

                              2021 Annual Report, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-
           26    2022-04-26
                              Registered Holders

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Registered Address of Holding
           27    2022-04-27
                              Subsidiary Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.

           28    2022-04-29   First Quarterly Report of 2022

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           29    2022-05-05
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended April 30, 2022, Overseas Regulatory Announcement
                              – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2022 and Delisting for 2021 Short-term
           30    2022-05-06   Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly
                              Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium- term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing
                              Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Holding Subsidiary Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. Increasing Registered Capital

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           31    2022-05-10   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           32    2022-05-13
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Notice of 2021 AGM, Circular of 2021 Annual General Meeting, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the AGM to Be Held on
           33    2022-05-20   June 22, 2022, Notice of the 2022 First H Shareholders Class Meeting, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2022 First H
                              Shareholders Class Meeting to Be Held on June 22, 2022, Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Update)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2013 Corporate Bonds
           34    2022-05-27   (Ten-year Bonds), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According
                              to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-fourth Meeting of
           35    2022-05-31
                              the Fifth Session of the Board

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           36    2022-06-02
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           37    2022-06-06   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended May 31, 2022

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds
           38    2022-06-08
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche) (Type I)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           39    2022-06-10
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Indicative Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notes on Attending 2021 Annual
           40    2022-06-13
                              General Meeting and 2022 First A Shareholders Class Meeting during the Prevention and Control Period of the COVID-19 Pandemic

                              Poll Results of 2021 Annual General Meeting, 2022 First A Share Class Meeting and 2022 First H Share Class Meeting; Distribution of Final
                              Dividend; Change of Accounting Firm; Change of Directors; Proposal on Adjustment to the Composition of Special Committees under
                              the Board; and Approval and Effectiveness of Articles of Association, List of Directors and Their Role and Function, Articles of Association,
                              Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Update), Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities
           41    2022-06-22
                              Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-fifth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on
                              2021 Annual General Meeting, 2022 First A Shareholders Class Meeting and 2022 First H Shareholders Class Meeting of Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notice to Creditors Regarding the Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
                              Restricted A Shares to Reduce Registered Capital

           42    2022-07-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended June 30, 2022

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           43    2022-07-08
                              Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of Acquiring Equity Interest in
           44    2022-07-11   Huatai Futures Co., Ltd., Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2022
           45    2022-07-12
                              and Delisting for 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

           46    2022-07-22   2021 Corporate Annual Report

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Equity Distribution for 2021,
           47    2022-07-28   Special Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on Differentiated Distribution of Dividends of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. In
                              2021




436
                                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022
No.     Date                                                                   Announcement



48    2022-08-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended July 31, 2022

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
49    2022-08-08
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
50    2022-08-09
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
51    2022-08-11
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
52    2022-08-12
                   Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)



                                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
53    2022-08-15
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                   Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Short-term Corporate Bonds of
54    2022-08-18
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
55    2022-08-19
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second Tranche)

56    2022-08-23   Overseas Regulatory Announcement –Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Convening of 2022 Interim Results Briefing

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
57    2022-08-25
                   Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
58    2022-08-26
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)



                                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                   Interim Results Announcement for the Six Months ended June 30, 2022, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by
59    2022-08-30   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twenty-sixth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, 2022 Interim Report of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd., 2022 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
60    2022-08-31
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds
61    2022-09-01   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type II), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest
                   Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche) (Type I)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
62    2022-09-02
                   Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)

63    2022-09-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended August 31, 2022

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
64    2022-09-06
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
65    2022-09-09   Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2021 Perpetual
                   Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Providing Guarantee for the
66    2022-09-14
                   Issuance of RMB Bonds of Wholly-owned Offshore Subsidiary, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Listing of Offshore
                   Bonds on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and Chongwa (Macao) Financial Asset Exchange Co., Limited

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. On the Approval for the Qualification for Market
67    2022-09-19
                   Making and Trading Business of Listed Securities

                   Announcement on the Implementation of Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares, Overseas Regulatory
68    2022-09-20   Announcement –Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted
                   Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
69    2022-09-21
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

70    2022-09-26   Next Day Disclosure Return

                   2022 Interim Report, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-
71    2022-09-28
                   registered Holders




                                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
72    2022-10-10   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended September 30, 2022

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds
73    2022-10-13   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche) (Type I), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment
                   for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche) (Type II)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2022
74    2022-10-17
                   and Delisting for 2019 Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds (Second Tranche)

75    2022-10-18   Date of Board Meeting

                   Announcement on Completion of the Change of Registered Capital and the Amendment to the Articles of Association, Articles of
76    2022-10-20   Association, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Serving Real Economies and Supporting High-
77    2022-10-23
                   quality Development




                                                                                                                                                                 437
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                 Announcement



                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities
           78    2022-10-24
                              Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                              Third Quarterly Report of 2022, Terms of Reference of Special Committees under the Board, Announcement on Profit Distribution from
                              Wholly-owned Subsidiary, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of
                              the Twenty-seventh Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Administrative System regarding the Shares of the Company Held by
           79    2022-10-28
                              Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022), Management Measures for Information
                              Disclosure of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022), Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship of Huatai Securities Co.,
                              Ltd. (Revised in 2022)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Third Quarterly Results of
           80    2022-11-01
                              2022

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended October 31, 2022, Overseas Regulatory Announcement
           81    2022-11-03   – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2022 and Delisting for 2022 Short-term
                              Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2020 Subordinated
           82    2022-11-07
                              Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2021 Perpetual
           83    2022-11-14
                              Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           84    2022-11-15
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           85    2022-11-17   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth Tranche)

                              Change of Principal Place of Business in Hong Kong, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022
           86    2022-11-18
                              Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           87    2022-11-21   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement on Issuance
                              Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           88    2022-11-22
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           89    2022-11-23
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           90    2022-11-25
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Proposed Amendments to the Articles of Association, Proposed Appointment of Members of the Sixth Session of the Board and
                              Proposed Appointment of Members of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Notice of the EGM, Amendments to the Articles
                              of Association, Amendments to the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings, Change of Business Scope and Amendments to Articles
                              of Association, Amendments to the Working System for Independent Directors, Amendments to the Management System for Related-
                              party Transactions, Election of Members of the Sixth Session of the Board, Election of Members of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory
                              Committee and Notice of the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2022 First
                              Extraordinary General Meeting to Be Held on December 30, 2022, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders,
           91    2022-11-28   Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-registered Holders, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Document of 2022 First
                              Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the
                              Twenty-eighth Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixteenth
                              Meeting of the Fifth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Amendments to the Articles
                              of Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings, Notice of 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd., Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Directors of the
                              Company, Statements of Candidates for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Statements of Nominators of Independent
                              Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           92    2022-11-30
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           93    2022-12-01
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and
           94    2022-12-02   Interest of 2022 and Delisting for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)(Type I), Announcement
                              by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2022 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth Tranche)
                              (Type II)

           95    2022-12-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended November 30, 2022

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporation Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           96    2022-12-06
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           97    2022-12-07
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           98    2022-12-09
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           99    2022-12-12
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth Tranche)




438
                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022
No.     Date                                                                    Announcement



                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2022
                   and Delisting for 2021 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche) (Type II), Announcement by
100   2022-12-14
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with
                   Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
101   2022-12-16
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
102   2022-12-21   Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche), Indicative Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notes on Attending the 2022
                   First Extraordinary General Meeting during the Prevention of the COVID-19 Pandemic

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
103   2022-12-22


                                                                                                                                                                             About Us
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth Tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Wholly-owned Subsidiary Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.
104   2022-12-23
                   Increasing Registered Capital

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
105   2022-12-29
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly- owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Proposed Rights Issue of A Shares and H Shares, Notice of the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting, Notice of the 2023 First H
                   Shareholders Class Meeting, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting to Be Held on
                   February 10, 2023, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2023 First H Shareholders Class Meeting to Be Held on February
                   10, 2023, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-registered
                   Holders, List of Directors and Their Role And Function, Articles of association, Poll Results of the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting;
                   Election of Members of the Sixth Session of the Board, Election of Members of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee; Role




                                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                   of Members of the Sixth Session of the Board; Election of Chairman of the Board, Chairman of the Supervisory Committee and
                   Chief executive officer; Approval and Effectiveness of the Articles of Association; and Clarification of Director’s Information, Overseas
                   Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Election of an Employee Representative Director of the
106   2022-12-30
                   Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Election of Employee Representative Supervisors of the




                                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                   Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Rules of Procedures for General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022),
                   Working System for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022), the Management System for Related-party
                   Transactions of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2022), Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the 2022 First Extraordinary
                   General Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the First Meeting of the
                   Sixth Session of the Board, Independent Opinion of Independent Director on Appointment of Senior Management of Huatai Securities
                   Co., Ltd., Independent Opinions of Independent Directors on Matters Related to the Rights Issue and Shareholders’ Interim Return Plan
                   of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the First Meeting of the Sixth Session of
                   the Supervisory Committee




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                    439
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the website of
          the LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com):


           No.       Date                                                           Announcement



            1    2022-03-03   NOTICE OF BOND LISTING

           2     2022-03-28   PRELIMINARY FINANCIAL DATA FOR THE YEAR OF 2021

                              2021 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT, 2021 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT, REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF PART OF SHARES,
           3     2022-03-30
                              PROPOSED AMENDMENTS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, PROPOSED CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS, PROPOSED CHANGE OF DIRECTORS

           4     2022-04-14   RESIGNATION OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, LIST OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION

           5     2022-04-26   2021 ANNUAL REPORT

           6     2022-04-29   FIRST QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2022

            7    2022-05-20   NOTICE OF AGM AND THE A SHAREHOLDERS CLASS MEETING

           8     2022-06-22   RESULTS OF AGM AND A SHARE& H SHARE CLASS MEETING, LIST OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

           9     2022-07-28   IMPLEMENTATION OF EQUITY DISTRIBUTION FOR 2021

           10    2022-08-30   INTERIM RESULTS ANNOUNCEMENT

           11    2022-09-14   NOTICE OF BOND LISTING

           12    2022-09-20   REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF PART OF SHARES

           13    2022-09-29   2022 INTERIM REPORT

           14    2022-10-20   ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, COMPLETION OF THE CHANGE OF REGISTERED CAPITAL

                              THIRD QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2022, TERMS OF REFERENCE OF THE COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD, PROFIT DISTRIBUTION FROM WHOLLY-OWNED
           15    2022-10-28
                              SUBSIDIARY

           16    2022-11-21   CHANGE OF PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

                              NOTICE OF THE FIRST EGM OF 2022 , PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION, PROPOSED APPOINTMENT OF DIRECTORS
           17    2022-11-28
                              AND SUPERVISORS

                              NOTICE OF EGM AND THE A SHAREHOLDERS CLASS MEETING, PROPOSED RIGHTS ISSUE OF A SHARES AND H SHARES, LIST OF DIRECTORS AND
           18    2022-12-30
                              THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION




440
