ABOUT US
      Important Notice    004

            Definitions   006

           CEO’s Letter   008

      Company Profile     014

Summary of the Results    024
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IMPORTANT NOTICE
          I. The Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
          Company undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete and contains
          no false record, misleading statement or material omission, and assume individual and joint legal liabilities
          to the information in this report.

          II. This report was considered and approved at the fifteenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the
          Company.

          III. Directors absent from the meeting

          Position of absent Director     Name of absent Director      Reason for absence         Name of proxy
          Director                        Chen Zhongyang               Business engagement        Ke Xiang
          Director                        Liu Changchun                Business engagement        Ke Xiang
          Independent Director            Wang Bing                    Business engagement        Wang Quansheng

          IV. None of the Directors and Supervisors had objections towards this report.

          V. The annual financial report prepared in accordance with the CASBE and the IFRS was audited by Deloitte
          Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, respectively, which
          issued a standard unqualified audit report to the Company.

          VI. Zhang Wei, the person in charge of the Company, Jiao Xiaoning, the person in charge of accounting,
          and Zhang Xiaodi, the officer in charge of the accounting office of the Company (head of accounting
          department), hereby warrant and guarantee that the financial report contained in the annual report is true,
          accurate and complete.

          VII. The profit distribution proposal of the Company for the Reporting Period which has been considered and
          approved by the Board is as follows: the Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB0.37 (tax inclusive)
          per Share. The proposal is subject to approval at the general meeting of the Company. In addition, the
          Company has distributed the 2024 interim cash dividend of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) per Share in October
          2024. The total cash dividend proposed to be distributed for the Reporting Period is RMB0.52 (tax inclusive)
          per Share.

          VIII. Forward-looking statements including future plans and development strategies involved in this annual
          report do not constitute the Company’s substantive commitments to investors. The investors are advised
          to pay attention to investment risks.

          IX. There is no non-operating misappropriation of funds of the Company by any controlling shareholders
          and their related parties during the Reporting Period.

          X. The Company has not provided any external guarantees in violation of the stipulated decision-making
          procedures during the Reporting Period.

          XI. During the Reporting Period, there exists no such circumstance that more than half of the Directors could
          not guarantee the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of the annual report disclosed by the Company.

          XII. The report is prepared by the Company in both Chinese and English. In the event of any inconsistency,
          the Chinese version shall prevail.

          XIII. Warning on Major Risks




004
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Domestic and external macroeconomy and monetary policies, laws and regulations on financial and
securities industries, changing trends in real economy and financial industries and other factors may all
have an impact on the Company’s business. Meanwhile, like other companies in the securities industry,
inherent risks in the securities market such as market volatility and market liquidity may also affect the
Company’s business.

Main risks in business operation faced by the Company include: policy risks arising from national macro-
control measures, changes in laws, regulations, relevant regulatory policies and transaction rules in
capital market and securities industry, which will adversely influence the business of securities companies;
compliance risks arising from business management or professional activities of the Company or its

                                                                                                                          About Us
employees violating laws, regulations or codes, which cause the Company bearing legal responsibility,
being subject to regulatory measures and disciplinary sanctions, suffering from property or business
reputation loss; legal risks arising from the Company’s failure to abide by provisions and requirements of
laws and regulations, which expose the Company to litigations, compensation and fines and suffer from
loss; market risks arising from fluctuations in risk factors, including stock prices, interest rates, exchange
rates and commodities, which make the Company suffer from loss in assets; credit risks arising from the
default of financiers, issuers or counterparties in financing, investment, trading and other businesses, which
make the Company suffer from loss; liquidity risks arising from the Company’s inability to obtain sufficient

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
funds at a reasonable cost in time to pay matured debts, fulfil other payment obligations and satisfy the
capital needs for normal business; information technology risks caused by the failure of the Company’s


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
network and information system to ensure the stable, efficient and safe operation of transaction and
business management in terms of business realization, timely response, solving capacity and network
and data security, resulting from service capability abnormality or data damage and leakage out of
internal or external reasons, which make the Company suffer from loss; operational risks arising from loss-
causing incomplete or problematic internal procedures, personnel, information technology systems and
external incidents; reputational risk of negative comments on the Company by investors, issuers, regulatory
authorities, disciplinary organizations, the public and the media arising from the Company’s behaviors




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
or external events, and its employees’ violation of integrity rules, professional ethics, business norms, and
industrial rules and regulations, which may damage the brand value, hinder the normal operation, and
even undermine the market and social stability; money laundering risks arising from the utilization of the
Company’s products or services by criminals to engage in money laundering, terrorist financing and other
activities which lead to negative effects on the Company’s reputation, compliance, operation and other
aspects; model risks that cause adverse consequence or loss to the Company’s businesses resulting from
incorrect or inappropriate model design, development or use; integrity risks arising from abuse of official
power for personal gain by the employees of the Company, which may cause harm or negative impact
to the Company. Besides, with the advancement of the Company’s internationalization strategy, the
Company’s business expands into the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore, Vietnam, Japan, Hong



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Kong and other countries and regions, and the Company is exposed to more complex market environment
and regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 005
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          DEFINITIONS
          In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the meanings set forth below:


          DEFINITIONS OF CAPITALIZED TERMS AND EXPRESSIONS

                                                            domestic share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
          A Share(s)
                                                            which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and traded in RMB

          APP                                               Application

                                                            the articles of association of the Company, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
          Articles of Association
                                                            from time to time

          Bank of Jiangsu                                   Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限公司 )

          Beijing Stock Exchange                            the Beijing Stock Exchange ( 北京證券交易所 )

          Board or Board of Directors                       the board of Directors of the Company

          CAGR                                              compound annual growth rate

          CASBE                                             the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises ( 中國企業會計準則 )

          China or the PRC                                  the People’s Republic of China

          China Southern Asset Management                   China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )

          Communications Holding                            Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 )

                                                            Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》), as amended from
          Company Law
                                                            time to time

          CSRC                                              the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( 中國證券監督管理委員會 )

          Director(s)                                       director(s) of the Company

          FICC                                              fixed income, currency and commodity

                                                            a business activity in which securities firms, as commissioned by futures companies, introduce
          Futures IB Business                               clients to participate in futures transactions of futures companies and provide other related
                                                            services

          GDR                                               global depository receipt

          Govtor Capital                                    Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 )

          Group, Our Group, we or us                        the Company and its subsidiaries, and their respective predecessors

                                                            Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信集團有限公司 , formerly known as Jiangsu
                                                            Guoxin Asset Management Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信資產管理集團有限公司 ))
          Guoxin Group


                                                            foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
          H Share(s)
                                                            which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and traded in HK dollars

          HKEX                                              Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited ( 香港交易及結算所有限公司 )

          HK$, HKD or HK dollars                            the lawful currency of Hong Kong

          Hong Kong                                         the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

          Hong Kong Stock Exchange                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( 香港聯合交易所有限公司 )

                                                            a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability under the corporate name
                                                            华 泰 证 券 股 份 有 限 公 司 (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.), converted from our predecessor 华 泰 证 券
                                                            有 限 责 任 公 司 (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company) on December 7, 2007, carrying
                                                            on business in Hong Kong as “HTSC”, and was registered as a registered non-Hong Kong
                                                            company under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance under the Chinese approved name of “ 華
                                                            泰六八八六股份有限公司 ” and English name of “Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.”; the H Shares of which
          HTSC, Huatai Securities, our Company,
          Company or Parent Company
                                                            have been listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 1, 2015 (Stock
                                                            Code: 6886); the A Shares of which have been listed on the SSE since February 26, 2010 (Stock
                                                            Code: 601688); and the global depository receipts of which have been listed on the London
                                                            Stock Exchange plc since June 2019 (Symbol: HTSC), unless the context otherwise requires,
                                                            including its predecessor

                                                            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產管理有限公司 ), a
          Huatai Asset Management
                                                            wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai Securities

                                                            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 ), a wholly-owned
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                            subsidiary of Huatai International

          Huatai Foundation                                 Jiangsu Huatai Foundation ( 江蘇省華泰公益基金會 )

          Huatai Futures                                    Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. ( 華泰期貨有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai Securities




006
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                            Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華 泰 創 新 投 資 有 限 公 司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Huatai Innovative Investment
                                            Huatai Securities

                                            Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公司 ), a wholly-
Huatai International
                                            owned subsidiary of Huatai Securities

Huatai-PineBridge                           Huatai-PineBridge Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰柏瑞基金管理有限公司 )

                                            Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華泰紫金投資有限責任公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary
Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                            of Huatai Securities

                                            Huatai Securities (USA), Inc. ( 華泰證券 ( 美國 ) 有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai
Huatai Securities (USA)
                                            International

                                            Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. ( 華 泰 聯 合 證 券 有 限 責 任 公 司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Huatai United Securities
                                            Huatai Securities

IFRS(s)                                     the International Financial Reporting Standard(s)                                                            About Us
IPO(s)                                      the initial public offering(s)

IT                                          information technology

                                            Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 股 權 交 易 中 心 有 限 責 任 公 司 ), a holding subsidiary of
Jiangsu Equity Exchange                     Huatai Securities, changed to a participating subsidiary of Huatai Securities after the Reporting
                                            Period

                                            State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
                                            Government ( 江蘇省政府國有資產監督管理委員會 )
Jiangsu SASAC




                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau        Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC ( 中國證監會江蘇監管局 )

                                            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as
Listing Rules or Hong Kong Listing Rules



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                            amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

London Stock Exchange or LSE                the London Stock Exchange plc ( 倫敦證券交易所 )

                                            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix
Model Code
                                            C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules

MSCI                                        Morgan Stanley Capital International Index

NEEQ                                        the National Equities Exchange and Quotations for small and medium-sized enterprises

OTC                                         over-the-counter




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
PBOC                                        the People’s Bank of China

QFII                                        qualified foreign institutional investor

Reporting Period                            the year ended December 31, 2024

                                            Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國證券法》), as amended from
Securities Law
                                            time to time

                                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
SFO
                                            supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

SFC                                         the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ( 香港證券及期貨事務監察委員會 )

                                            Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. ( 上海新世紀資信評估投資服務有
                                            限公司 )
Shanghai Brilliance


                                            the Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd. ( 銀行間市場清算所股份有限公司 )




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Shanghai Clearing House

Shanghai Stock Exchange or SSE              the Shanghai Stock Exchange ( 上海證券交易所 )

Shenzhen Stock Exchange                     the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ( 深圳證券交易所 )




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Singapore Subsidiary                        Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International

STAR Market                                 science and technology innovation board of SSE

Supervisor(s)                               supervisor(s) of the Company

Supervisory Committee                       the supervisory committee of the Company

USD or US dollar                            the lawful currency of the United States of America

VAR                                         value at risk

                                            Wind Information Co., Ltd. ( 萬 得 信 息 技 術 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a service provider of financial data,
Wind Information
                                            information and software in Mainland China

%                                           per cent.

In the 2024 Annual Report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding; and any
discrepancies in the change percentages of an item are due to the difference of currency unit of the item.




                                                                                                                                                007
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CEO'S LETTER




          Dear Shareholders:

          Where ambition guides, even vast oceans can be traversed. This past year has seen the incubation and development of
          new quality productive forces ( 新質生產力 ), particularly in artificial intelligence, which has been remarkable. Building
          on advancements in PC and internet technologies, we now witness the immense potential of disruptive technologies to
          enhance social productivity and transform production organization. In this era of global competition, Chinese enterprises
          are at the forefront of technological transformation, instilling strong confidence and momentum into China’s economy and
          driving a global revaluation of Chinese assets.

          Amid the surge of new quality productive forces, the Company prioritizes strategic emerging industries and future industries
          such as artificial intelligence, high-end manufacturing, biomedicine, and green energy, supporting innovative enterprises
          throughout their lifecycle, creating a seamless connection between technology, industry, and finance. To meet the distinct
          needs of increasingly sophisticated institutional clients, the Company leverages in-depth insights to integrate resources
          across the entire business chain. The Company enhances its integrated customer service and platform operation
          systems, providing research, trading, and product services tailored to client requirements. In 2024, the Company’s market
          competitiveness in serving key institutional client groups was consistently strengthened. Our rankings for serving top mutual
          fund and insurance clients have continued to improve, and our market-making and comprehensive derivatives services
          led the industry. For the new generation of individual clients, the Company has adopted a buyer-side mindset, transitioning
          from product sales to asset allocation and trading services. The Company has established professional service capabilities
          driven by a content platform, resulting in expanded clients and asset scales. The AUM of equity funds, non-money market
          funds, and equity index funds remain at the top of the securities industry.

          On the path of innovation and transformation, the Company’s overall strength has strengthened, with its asset scale and
          profitability firmly ranking among the top in the sector. As of the end of 2024, total assets of the Group reached RMB814,270
          million, and total equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company was RMB191,674 million. In 2024, the Group recorded
          total revenue, other income and gains of RMB54,285 million, and profit for the year attributable to the shareholders of the
          Company of RMB15,351 million. The MSCI ESG rating has risen to AAA, the highest rating within the global investment banking
          sector.

          Seizing new market opportunities stemming from global value chain restructuring
          The significant changes in the global industries and economy bring both competition and uncertainties, yet they
          also present ample market opportunities for outstanding Chinese enterprises. Emerging industries, such as high-end
          manufacturing, TMT (media and telecommunications), and new energy, continue to strengthen their positions in the global
          value chain. Global expansion has become the inherent development logic of advanced manufacturing industry, with
          leading enterprises in niche sectors emerging as prominent representatives of Chinese manufacturing.

          Since the listing of H Shares in 2015, the Company has deeply expanded its international business layout, gradually
          developing a global value chain system that covers and interconnects Mainland China, Hong Kong, Singapore, the US,




008
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
the UK, and other markets. The Company has also actively expanded into mature markets such as Japan and emerging
markets in Southeast Asia and the Middle East, building an integrated comprehensive financial service system. Over the
past decade, the Company has supported the global capital operations of enterprises, focusing on key sectors such as
semiconductors, artificial intelligence, autonomous driving, and consumer industries, which has resulted in several star
projects listed on the Hong Kong and US stock markets. The Company has served institutional clients in global investment
and trading, maintaining a leading market position in key business areas such as equity derivatives and FICC (fixed income,
currency and commodities). Additionally, the Company has served wealth clients in global asset allocation, launched
the “Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect” ( 跨境理財通 ) business as one of the first pilot securities firms, and
continuously optimized and iterated the “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) platform to enhance the client experience.

Enhancing integrated financial services capabilities to support client growth

                                                                                                                                             About Us
For the Company, internationalization means truly engaging in high-level global competition. By effectively integrating
resources across the entire business chain, including investment banking, research, trading, brokerage, and wealth
management, the Company has accelerated the expansion of its client service network, continuously covering high-quality
assets, enhancing product creation capabilities, and providing clients with one-stop cross-border comprehensive financial
solutions.

To efficiently link assets, clients, and products, the Company is concurrently accelerating the development of a unified
middle and back-office support system, establishing an integrated compliance and risk-control system for the global
market, and optimizing the development and training mechanism for an international talent team. The Company places



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
particular emphasis on leveraging its long-accumulated technological strength to construct a global technology
architecture and platform system. In 2024, the Company’s self-developed global trading platform was officially launched,
connecting international financial hubs like Hong Kong, New York, London, and Singapore. This platform offers customers



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
comprehensive financial asset trading services for stocks, bonds, funds, structured products, and financial derivatives. In the
future, the Company will continue to enhance the global deployment of fundamental capabilities in areas such as trading,
clearing and settlement, and risk control. Equipped with genuine global capabilities, it will serve customers around the world,
ensuring that the “One Huatai” service can promptly meet customer needs anytime and anywhere.

Reshaping the AI-driven financial paradigm and exploring new development horizons with clients
The historic breakthrough of large language models has ushered in the era of artificial intelligence. The advent of explosive
AI + vertical-category application scenarios is imminent, and competition across applications, access points, computing




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
power, and cloud services is intensifying. For the financial industry, upgrading business scenarios is just the beginning. In the
future, we must embrace the reshaping of the service paradigm. By strengthening the fundamental capabilities of large-
scale AI models, the Company is actively exploring the potential to transform business scenarios with AI-based thinking
and technology. Currently, the Company has launched a large-model platform system that integrates heterogeneous
computing, operation management, and application development. Significant progress has been made in typical
scenarios like investment research, investment advisory, and investment banking. Leveraging intelligent tools, the Company
has enhanced its customer service capabilities and is dedicated to developing next-generation intelligent applications for
the clients of the securities industry.

The Company adopts a multi-dimensional “capital + resources” approach to establish a fintech ecosystem. Through
strategic investments, it provides capital support to innovative enterprises, accelerating the incubation and growth of
high-quality fintech companies. By sharing resources, it opens up Huatai’s business scenarios, enhances the capabilities




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
of ecosystem partners, and collaborates to facilitate the implementation of emerging technologies. This, in turn, generates
greater value for customers and the industry through the power of the ecosystem. The era of artificial intelligence is one of
human-machine symbiosis and ecosystem co-creation. Only by maintaining an open-minded stance can we overcome
cognitive limitations and broaden our development horizons.




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Each technological wave ushers in a new era of industrial transformation. Technological advancements bring both
challenges and opportunities. Huatai Securities has thrived amidst continuous transformation, confronting challenges
and growing stronger with each encounter. The Company has evolved alongside outstanding Chinese enterprises and a
robust Chinese economy. Regardless of global changes or market fluctuations, Huatai Securities consistently adheres to
a customer-centered philosophy, continuously refines its core digital transformation capabilities, and steadfastly pursues
globalization. Guided by innovation, we will continue to be the torchbearer of profound value and the creator of long-term
value in the grand innovation propelled by new technologies. We will accompany our clients into an even more exciting
future and contribute the strength of Huatai to the magnificent journey of China’s economic transformation.



                                                                                                                    CEO Zhou Yi
                                                                                                                 March 28, 2025




                                                                                                                                    009
010
                              MISSION OF DEVELOPMENT

     Integrity and innovation, assisting transformation of capital market and securities business
     Cooperation and win-win, serving high-quality development of real economy and finance




                                    STRATEGIC VISION

                Striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic
                                  advantages and global influence




                                    ENTERPRISE SPIRIT

OPENNESS         INCLUSIVENESS              INNOVATION              STRIVING          RESPONSIBILITY




                                    SERVICE CONCEPT

                                         Customer-centric
                           "One Client" internally, "One Huatai" externally




                                                                                                       011
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          ANNUAL RESULTS HIGHLIGHTS
                                                 During the Reporting Period, the Group realized revenue, other income and
                                                 gains totaling RMB54,285,483 thousand, representing a year-on-year increase
                                                 of 3.87%; profit attributable to Shareholders of the Company for the year
                                                 amounted to RMB15,351,162 thousand, representing a year-on-year increase
                                                 of 20.40%, profitability reaching record level. Overall results ranking steadily at
                                                 the forefront of the industry; focusing on the return to Shareholders, the Group
                                                 increased dividend distribution frequency and completed dividend distribution
          Results reached a new level, greater   for the year 2023 and the interim dividend distribution for the year 2024, totaling
          emphasis on sustainable returns to     RMB5,236,731 thousand.
                     Shareholders




                                                 During the Reporting Period, the Group's client account assets reached RMB5.3
                                                 trillion, the combined scale of asset management and fund management
                                                 business was nearly RMB3.8 trillion. Combined scale of fund custodianship
                                                 and service business exceeded RMB1.6 trillion; the categorized and tiered client
                                                 operation and service system was continuously optimized, and the advantages
            Client base further consolidated,    of platform-based, integrated, and internationalised services were highlighted.
              specialized and differentiated
             comprehensive service system
                    further improved



                                                 During the Reporting Period, the Group's major indicators including the scale of
                                                 equity fund holdings, the scale of non-monetary market fund holdings, the scale
                                                 of stock index fund holdings, and the balance of margin trading and securities
                                                 lending business continued to rank among the best in the securities industry;
                                                 the scale of assets under management of Huatai Asset Management, China
                                                 Southern Asset Management and Huatai-PineBridge grew significantly. Scale
           Wealth management business            of Huatai-PineBridge CSI 300 Index, a broad-based index fund, approached
          maintains leading edge, advantage      RMB 360 billion, ranking first among the non-monetary ETFs in Shanghai and
             of characterised large-scale        Shenzhen in scale.
           asset management being more
                      prominent

                                                 During the Reporting Period, the Group ranked among the top three in the
                                                 industry in terms of both equity and bond underwriting; ranked first in the
                                                 industry in terms of the number of first-disclosed review-type reorganisation
                                                 projects; received A ratings in the 2024 evaluation of the quality of practice
                                                 of securities companies in investment banking, bond business and financial
                                                 advisory services conducted by the Securities Association of China( 中国证券业
                                                 协会 ); ranked first in the industry in terms of number of issued enterprise ABS
                                                 projects as program manager and second in terms of the scale of issuance;
           Functional positioning continued      ranked first in the industry in terms of the scale of credit protection instruments
          to strengthen, leading the industry    created; and received an AA rating in both the 2024 comprehensive evaluation
          with comprehensive ability to serve    of main market makers for funds listed on the SSE and the 2024 annual liquidity
                     real economy                service evaluation for funds listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange.


                                                 During the Reporting Period, the Group's international business results ranked
                                                 steadily among the top Chinese securities companies in Hong Kong. The Group
                                                 ranked third in the market in terms of the number of H share IPO sponsorship
                                                 projects and created a number of benchmark projects in Hong Kong and
                                                 the United States with high market recognition; successfully commenced its
                                                 business as one of the first batch of pilot brokers of "Wealth Management
                                                 Connect( 跨境理财通 )"; obtained the underwriting qualification of the Tokyo Pro-
            Competitiveness of international     Bond Market issued by the Tokyo Stock Exchange in Japan; obtained the limited
             business further strengthened,      underwriting membership of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange in the United States;
             diversified layout continuing to    and became the first Chinese securities company to be granted the direct
                          deepen                 trading qualification in securities market of Vietnam.




012
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024




                                           From 2012 to the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has cumulatively served
                                           more than 270 science and technology innovation enterprises with a total
                                           market capitalization of approximately RMB9.47 trillion; in 2024, the number and
                                           amount of the Company as main underwriter for the IPOs of the Science and
                                           Technology Creation Board ( 科创板 ) and the Growth Enterprise Market ( 创业板 )
                                           are among the top in the industry; cumulatively, the Company has underwritten
     Technology finance ploughing
                                           136 science and technology innovation bond projects with a total scale of RMB

                                                                                                                                            About Us
strategic emerging industries in depth,
                                           35.013 billion.
facilitating acceleration of new quality
    productive forces development


                                           During the Reporting Period, the Group's 2024 MSCI ESG rating was upgraded
                                           from AA to AAA, realizing two consecutive years of advancement and reaching
                                           the highest rating in the global investment banking industry; the Group provided
                                           services to green enterprises in completing 5 times of equity financing, with a
                                           scale of RMB4.048 billion; underwrote 59 green bond projects, with a scale of



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                           RMB15.698 billion; issued 7 green ABS products, with a scale of RMB8.124 billion;
                                           participated in the first-day trading of the National Greenhouse Gas Voluntary
Green finance expanded in depth, ESG       Emission Reduction Trading Market( 全 国 温 室 气 体 自 愿 减 排 交 易 市 场 ), providing



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
 governance entering global leading        financial support for various market subjects' energy saving and carbon
                level                      reduction actions.




                                           During the Reporting Period, among the newly invested projects in the private
                                           equity investment field of the Group, the number of national-level Specialized,
                                           Sophisticated, Distinctive and Innovative “little giant” enterprises and SMEs
                                           exceeded 10; in terms of serving SMEs, the Group has issued a total of 33
                                           ABS products with a total scale of RMB24.149 billion; and the Specialized,




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
  Inclusive finance creates featured       Sophisticated, Distinctive and Innovative board of Jiangsu Equity Exchange has
     projects, better assisting the        gathered 1,226 enterprises, assisting enterprises realize financing of RMB6.710
     development of Specialized,           billion, facilitating four enterprises to be listed on the NEEQ market through “fast-
    Sophisticated, Distinctive and         track mechanism”.
  Innovative ( 专精特新 ) enterprises



                                           During the Reporting Period, the Group actively participated in the construction
                                           of the national pension system, continued to improve the introduction and
                                           service system of pension products ;and continued to increase the preference
                                           and coverage of public pension funds; China Southern Asset Management
                                           has formed a complete pension asset management system covering the first,




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                                           second and third pillars; with the expansion of the personal pension system
Strengthened exploration and layout        to the entire country, each of China Southern Asset Management and Huatai-
of pension finance, better facilitating    PineBridge has 4 ETF-linked funds included in the investable scope of personal
   construction of the three-pillar        pension, pioneering the expansion and strengthening of the third pension pillar.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
          pension system



                                           During the Reporting Period, the Group's two projects, "CAMS Big Data
                                           Intelligent Credit Investment Research Platform(CAMS 大 数 据 智 能 信 用 投 研 平
                                           台 )" and "Jian Fu' Digital Due Diligence Workbench for Investment Banking(‘ 简
                                           富 ’ 投行数字化尽调工作台 )", were awarded the second prize of the 2023 Annual
                                           Financial Technology Development Award of the PBOC( 中 国 人 民 银 行 2023
   Core platforms delivering deep          年 度 金 融 科 技 发 展 奖 ); the independently developed global trading platform
 empowerment for business growth,          has officially commenced operation; digital finance empowerment has
 digital finance capabilities lead the     demonstrated significant efficacy through application tier, middle tier and
               industry                    fundamental tier.




                                                                                                                                   013
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company Profile




          I. COMPANY INFORMATION
                                                 Registered capital and net capital of the Company
          Chinese name of the Company                                                                 Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

          华泰证券股份有限公司                                              As at the end of the            As at the end of the
                                                                  Reporting Period                previous year

          Abbreviation of Chinese name of the
          Company                                Registered
          華泰證券                                   capital          9,027,302,281.00                9,074,663,335.00

          English name of the Company
          HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
                                                 Net capital      94,142,061,443.95               94,076,764,232.03
          Abbreviation of English name of the
          Company
          HTSC




          Legal representative of the Company    Qualifications of each business line of the Company
          Zhang Wei
                                                 According to the business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial Market
                                                 Regulation Administration, the business scope of the Company includes:
          Chief Executive Officer and chairman   licensed items: securities business; securities investment consultancies;
          of the Executive Committee of the      sales of public offering securities investment funds; custody of securities
          Company                                investment fund (Projects that need to be approved by law shall be
                                                 carried out upon approval by relevant authorities, and the specific
          Zhou Yi
                                                 business projects are subject to the approval results) general items:
                                                 providing intermediary referrals by securities company for futures
          Authorized representatives of the      companies (Except for projects that need to be approved by law,
          Company                                business activities can be conducted independently with the business
                                                 license in accordance with the laws)
          Zhou Yi, Zhang Hui
                                                 Please refer to “Appendix I. Main Business Qualifications” in this report for
                                                 the main business qualifications of the Company.




014
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
II. CONTACT
             Secretary of the Board

Name         Zhang Hui

Address      11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Tel.         025-83387272, 83387780, 83389157

Fax          025-83387784

Email        zhanghui@htsc.com                                                                                              About Us



              Joint company secretary                             Joint company secretary

Name          Zhang Hui                                           Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne

                                                                  40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
              11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Address                                                           Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the
              Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC
                                                                  PRC



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
III. BASIC INFORMATION

Registered address of the Company       No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

                                        In July 2015, the Company has completed the change in business




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Historical changes in registered        registration, and its registered address was changed from “No. 90
address of the Company                  East Zhongshan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC” to “No. 228
                                        Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC”

Office address of the Company           No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Postal code of office address of the
                                        210019
Company

Principal place of business in Hong
                                        62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, the PRC
Kong




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Company website                         https://www.htsc.com.cn

Email                                   boardoffice@htsc.com




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Main exchange                           025-83389999

Customer service hotline                95597 or 4008895597

Company fax                             025-83387784

Business License Unified Social
                                        91320000704041011J
Credit Code

Index of changes during the
                                        No change during the Reporting Period
Reporting Period




                                                                                                                   015
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND LOCATION FOR INSPECTION OF
          DOCUMENTS
          Names and websites of newspapers                   China Securities Journal (https://www.cs.com.cn), Shanghai
          for disclosure of annual report of the             Securities News (https://www.cnstock.com), Securities Times
          Company                                            (https://www.stcn.com), Securities Daily (http://www.zqrb.cn)

          Websites of the stock exchanges for                Shanghai Stock Exchange (https://www.sse.com.cn), Hong
          disclosure of annual report of the                 Kong Stock Exchange (https://www.hkexnews.hk), London
          Company                                            Stock Exchange (https://www.londonstockexchange.com)

          Location for inspection of annual report of        No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          the Company (A Share)                              PRC

                                                             No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          Location for inspection of annual report of
                                                             PRC; 62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong,
          the Company (H Share)
                                                             the PRC

          Index of changes during the Reporting
                                                             No change during the Reporting Period
          Period




          V. SHARES/DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS OF THE COMPANY

          Type of shares/
          depository receipts           Stock exchange for listing      Stock name                     Stock code

          A Share                       Shanghai Stock Exchange         華泰證券                           601688
          H Share                       Hong Kong Stock Exchange        HTSC                           6886
          GDR                           London Stock Exchange           Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       HTSC
          The Company did not change the stock name.




          VI. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
          (I) Historical development of the Company, mainly including the reorganization and
          capital increases in the previous years

          The predecessor of the Company was Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券公司 ), which was established
          in December 1990 as approved by the headquarters of the PBOC, obtained the business license on April
          9, 1991, and officially opened for business on May 26, 1991. In 1994, the Economic Reform Commission of
          Jiangsu Province approved the conversion of the Company to be a directional stock raising company.
          In June 1997, the Company changed its name to “ 江 蘇 證 券 有 限 責 任 公 司 ” (Jiangsu Securities Co., Ltd.). In
          1999, as considered and approved at the general meeting of the Company and approved by the CSRC on
          December 9, 1999, the Company changed its name to “ 华 泰 证 券 有 限 责 任 公 司 ” (Huatai Securities Limited
          Liability Company). In 2007, as considered and approved at the general meeting of the Company and
          approved by the CSRC on November 29, 2007, the Company was converted into “ 华 泰 证 券 股 份 有 限 公 司 ”
          (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.) in its entirety. On December 7, 2007, the Company completed the business
          registration for such changes. In July 2009, the Company acquired Xintai Securities Co., Ltd. ( 信 泰 證 券 有 限
          責任公司 ). In February 2010, the Company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In June
          2015, the Company was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In June 2019, the GDR
          issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange.




016
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Major capital changes of the Company:

When it was established on April 9, 1991, the registered capital of the Company was RMB10,000,000.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB202,000,000 in June 1994.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB404,000,000 in June 1997.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB828,000,000 in May 1998.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB850,320,000 in December 1999.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB2,200,000,000 in April 2001.
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,500,000,000 in November 2007.


                                                                                                                          About Us
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,815,438,725 on July 30, 2009.
In February 2010, the Company completed its initial public offering of 784,561,275 RMB-denominated ordinary
shares (A Shares) on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, after which the Company’s registered capital was
RMB5,600,000,000.

In June 2015, the Company completed its listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and
commenced trading. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 1,562,768,800
H Shares in total, and the total share capital of the Company changed to 7,162,768,800 shares. Due to the
issuance and listing of H Shares, the relevant state-owned shareholders transferred 156,276,880 state-


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
owned shares (A Shares) of the Company held by them to the National Council for Social Security Fund of
the PRC in the form of H Shares, on the basis of 10% of the number of H Shares issued this time. The changes



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
in share capital structure of the Company were as follows: 5,443,723,120 A Shares, which accounted for
76.00% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 24.00% of the total
number of shares.

In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated
ordinary shares (A Shares) by way of “Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors”, after which the Company’s
registered capital was RMB8,251,500,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as
follows: 6,532,454,320 A Shares, which accounted for 79.17% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 20.83% of the total number of shares.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
In June 2019, the GDR issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London Stock
Exchange. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 82,515,000 GDR in total,
representing the underlying securities of 825,150,000 A Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital
was RMB9,076,650,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as follows: 7,357,604,320
A Shares, which accounted for 81.06% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which
accounted for 18.94% of the total number of shares.

In September 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,356,543,347 A Shares, which accounted for 81.06% of the total




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 18.94% of the total number of shares.

In September 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,074,663,335. The changes in share capital



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,355,617,655 A Shares, which accounted for 81.06% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 18.94% of the total number of shares.

In January 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 45,278,495 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,029,384,840. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,310,339,160 A Shares, which accounted for 80.96% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19.04% of the total number of shares.

In September 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 2,082,559 restricted A
Shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,027,302,281. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,308,256,601 A Shares, which accounted for 80.96% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19.04% of the total number of shares.




                                                                                                                 017
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Organization Structure of the Company

                           Office of the                                                                                                                        Supervisory                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Development Strategy Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              General Meeting
                      Supervisory Committee                                                                                                                     Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Compliance and Risk Management Committee


                                                                                                                                                       Office of the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Board of Directors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                                           of Directors


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Nomination Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Senior Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration and Appraisal Committee




                                 Investment Advisory and                                                                                                                                               Margin Financing and

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Fixed Income Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Information Technology                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategy and Development

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Inspection Department
                                                           Platform Operation   Financial Products   Wealth Management                                                         Sales and Trading                                   Securities Investment   Financial Innovation                                                                                                                                                    Capital Operation                                                         Risk Management                       Compliance and Legal                                                        Human Resources      Planning and Finance

                                                                                                                         Research Institute                                                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Center
                                                                                                                                                              Debt Financing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Digital Operation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Party-mass Work   General Affairs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   General Office
                                                                                                                                              Asset Custody
          Branches

                                Development Department                                                  Department                                                                                 Securities Lending Department       Department              Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Department                                                                                                                                                 Department                                                                                        Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Department
                                                               Department          Department                                                                                     Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Department                                 Department                      Department                                                                                                       Department                                                                                                                 Development
                                                                                                                                               Department      Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Wholly-owned                                                                                                                                                                               Holding                                                                                                   Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                            Subsidiaries                                                                                                Subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Huatai International Financial Holdings                                                                                                                         Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.     Huatai Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                    E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Huatai-PineBridge Fund

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                            Bank of Jiangsu Co, Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        China Southern Asset

          Securities Branches


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Company Limited                                                                                                                                             Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Management Co., Ltd.      Management Co, Ltd.




          Note: In January 2025, Jiangsu Equity Exchange completed the industrial and commercial registration modification procedures for equity
          change. Currently, the Company’s shareholding in Jiangsu Equity Exchange, which is a participating subsidiary of the Company, is 32%.




          (III) The First-level Onshore and Offshore Subsidiaries of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Name of the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Date of                                                                                                                                                                                           Registered Responsible Telephone
          subsidiary                                                                                                     Address                                                                                                                                                                                                           establishment                                                                                                                                                                                        capital person      No.

                                                                                                                         Room 401, Building B7, Qianhai
                                                                                                                         Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund Town,
          Huatai United                                                                                                  No. 128 Guiwan Fifth Road, Nanshan                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    010-
                                                                                                                                                            1997-9-5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               99,748.00 Jiang Yu
          Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                           Street, Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         56839300
                                                                                                                         Kong Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen,
                                                                                                                         the PRC


          Huatai Securities
                               Room 1222, 6 Jilong Road, China                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 021-
          (Shanghai) Asset                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 2014-10-16                                                                                                                                                                                             260,000.00 Cui Chun
                               (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                28972188
          Management Co., Ltd.




018
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Name of the                                                       Date of                  Registered Responsible Telephone
subsidiary                Address                                 establishment               capital person      No.

Huatai International
                     62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road                                            HK$                       852-
Financial Holdings                                                2017-4-5                             Wang Lei
                     Central, Hong Kong, the PRC                                     10,200,000,002.00                      36586000
Company Limited


Huatai Purple Gold No. 180 Hanzhong Road, Nanjing,                                                                          025-
                                                                  2008-8-12                 600,000.00 Cao Qun
Investment Co., Ltd. Jiangsu Province, the PRC                                                                              83389999


                                                                                                                                                  About Us
Huatai Innovative    No. 234 Wuyi Road, Changning                                                                           010-
                                                                  2013-11-21                350,000.00 Sun Ying
Investment Co., Ltd. District, Shanghai, the PRC                                                                            58034345


                          10/F (whole floor), No. 1 Mingzhu
Huatai Futures Co.,                                                                                                         020-
                          Third Street, Hengli Town, Nansha       1995-7-10                 393,900.00 Hu Zhi
Ltd.                                                                                                                        83901155
                          District, Guangzhou, the PRC


Shanghai Shengju


                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
Asset Operation           No. 12 Dongfang Road, China                                                       Lu        021-
                                                                  2009-7-14                     12,100.00
and Management            (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                  Chunguang 28972221
Co., Ltd.


                          3/F, Building 10, Financial City, No.                                                                                 and Strategies
Jiangsu Equity            377 Middle Jiangdong Road, Jianye                                                 Zhang           025-
                                                                2013-7-4                       20,000.00
Exchange Co., Ltd.        District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province,                                              Anzhong         89620288
                          the PRC

Note: In January 2025, Jiangsu Equity Exchange completed the industrial and commercial registration modification procedures for equity




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
change. Currently, the Company’s shareholding in Jiangsu Equity Exchange, which is a participating subsidiary of the Company, is 32%.




(IV) Number and Distribution of Securities Branches and Other Branches of the Company
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 27 securities branch offices and 248 securities
branches. For details of the number and distribution of branch offices and securities branches of the
Company, please refer to “Appendix II. List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this report.

Provinces,                    Number of Provinces,                          Number of Provinces,                        Number of
Municipalities and            Securities Municipalities and                 Securities Municipalities and               Securities
Regions                       Branches Regions                              Branches Regions                            Branches
                                                                                           Inner Mongolia



                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Anhui Province                5              Beijing                        8                                           3
                                                                                           Autonomous Region
Hebei Province                1              Fujian Province                4              Guangdong Province           24
Guangxi Zhuang



                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                              2              Hainan Province                2              Shanxi Province              1
Autonomous Region
Henan Province                3              Heilongjiang Province          5              Jilin Province               3
Hubei Province                28             Hunan Province                 3              Jiangxi Province             3
Jiangsu Province              93             Liaoning Province              7              Shandong Province            7
Shanghai                      17             Sichuan Province               7              Guizhou Province             1
Chongqing                     1              Tianjin                        4              Gansu Province               1
                                                                                           Xinjiang Uygur
Shaanxi Province              2              Qinghai Province               1                                           1
                                                                                           Autonomous Region
Ningxia Hui
                              1              Zhejiang Province              10             -                            -
Autonomous Region




                                                                                                                                         019
VII. THE GROUP’S GLOBAL LAYOUT
The Group further deepened its internationalised development and implemented
integrated operation and management in both domestic and overseas markets,
with its business network covering and radiating major markets around the world.
The Group has eight primary subsidiaries and four joint stock subsidiaries. In the
domestic   market,   the   Group's   business   scope   involves   securities,   asset
management, private equity investment, alternative investment, futures, mutual
funds and other diversified financial fields; in the overseas market, the Group
operates its international business through Huatai International and its operating
entities, such as Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), Huatai Securities (USA),
and Singapore Subsidiary.
       All-round                              In-depth                        Professional
     assistance for                          services for                   empowerment for
  Chinese enterprises’                  institutional clients'               wealth clients’
   expanding global                      global investment                    global asset
         layout                             transactions                       allocation




                                                                                                              Hong Kong

                                                          As the holding platform for the Company's international
                                                          business, Huatai International has always been adhering to
                                                          its origin of investment banking services and is committed to
                                                          serving high-level opening-up in finance. Through the
                                                          in-depth extension of the Group's entire business chain
                                                          system, Huatai International has been effectively promoting
                                                          two-way interconnection, providing cross-border compre-
                                                          hensive financial services to both domestic and overseas
                                                          clients. Meanwhile, based on Hong Kong market, Huatai Inter-
                                                          national has been actively promoting its layout in mature
                                                          and emerging markets such as the United States, Europe
                                                          and Asia, steadily building a global value chain.




                          London

                          In June 2019, the Group suc-
                          cessfully issued GDRs listed on
                          LSE, becoming the first Chinese
                          company to be listed on LSE in
                          accordance with the Shang-
                          hai-London Stock Connect
                                                                                             Vietnam
                          rules. Since then, the Group has
                          taken the acquisition of LSE                In September 2024, Huatai
                          membership as a starting point              International's subsidiary was
                          to become the first registered              approved by Vietnam's securi-
                          market maker on the LSE in Asia             ties market regulator for secu-
                          and gained access to major                  rities trading codes, which
                          European securities markets,                allows it to conduct direct
                          expanding into the European                 trading on the Ho Chi Minh
                          market with GDRs and continu-               Stock Exchange and Hanoi
                          ously expanding the coverage                Stock Exchange as qualified
                          and underlying of market                    foreign investors, and provide
                          making, so as to make full use              clients with diversified services
                          of its preemptive advantage in              including investment research
                          the European market.                        and product trading.




NOTE: THE MAPS AND DESCRIPTIONS USED IN THIS SESSION ARE FOR ILLUSTRATION
OF THE GROUP’S INTERNATIONAL LAYOUT ONLY, WHICH DON’T REPRESENT THE
STANDARD GEOGRAPHIC MAPS.
                                                      8
                                                      first-level
                                                                                       4
                                                                                       4 participating
                                                      subsidiaries                     subsidiaries




                                                      248 27
                                                      securities business              securities branch
                                                      branches                         offices




                                                      42
                                                      futures business
                                                                                       9
                                                                                       futures branch
                                                      branches                         offices




Japan

Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
obtained the qualification of Lead Manag-
ing Underwriter in Tokyo Pro-Bond Market
issued by the Tokyo Stock Exchange in
Japan in May 2024, planning to develop
the issuance and underwriting business of
the Japanese Pro-Bond Market in the
future, helping clients explore diversified
financing opportunities.




                                              New York
Singapore
                                              In 2018, Huatai International incorpo-
In September 2022, Huatai International       rated Huatai Securities (USA) in the
established a wholly-owned subsidiary,        United States and founded an office
Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited,   in New York City. Huatai Securities
in Singapore. The Singapore Subsidiary        (USA) has successively obtained a
further deepened its international layout     number of local business licenses
around the Group's international develop-     and is mainly engaged in invest-
ment strategy, continued to obtain the        ment banking and institutional
appropriate local licenses. With Singapore    securities business. In 2024, the FICC
as a regional center, it covered the emerg-   business of Huatai Securities (USA)
ing economies in Southeast Asia and pro-      was formally launched, and the
vided Chinese-characterised products and      cross-border proxy FICC trading
services to overseas investors. The equity    product range and market channel
derivatives and commodities business has      continued to expand. The cross-bor-
made a breakthrough in Singapore and          der linkage and synergy mechanism
realized business implementation; mean-       between Contiguous United States
while, the bond market-making business        business, mainland China business
has covered a number of objects in South-     and Hong Kong business have been
east-Asian countries, including Singapore.    continuously optimized.




                                                                                                    022
Summary of the
Results




Total assets                                                       Revenue, other income and gains combined
                            Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB                               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

10,000                                                               600
                                9,055.08                                                                              542.85
             8,465.71                                                                               522.60
                                                   8,142.70          500
8,000                                                                            468.24


                                                                     400
 6,000
                                                                     300
 4,000
                                                                     200

 2,000
                                                                     100


    0                                                                  0
               2022               2023              2024                          2022               2023              2024

Source: Regular reports of the Company                             Source: Regular reports of the Company




Total equity attributable to shareholders of the                   The year's profit attributable to shareholders of
Company                                                            the Company
                            Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB                               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

 2,000                                             1,916.74          200
                                1,791.08
             1,650.95
                                                                                                                       153.51
 1,500                                                               150
                                                                                                    127.51
                                                                                 110.54
 1,000                                                               100



  500                                                                 50



    0                                                                  0
               2022               2023              2024                          2022               2023              2024

Source: Regular reports of the Company                             Source: Regular reports of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
I. KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS

(I) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Three Years
                                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                             2022
                                                                                                Increase/
                                                                                                decrease                After             Before
Item                                                               2024               2023            (%)         adjustment         adjustment

Total revenue, other income and gains                      54,285,483          52,260,421               3.87       46,824,372         46,824,372

Profit before income tax                                    15,352,340         14,204,664              8.08        12,228,038         12,228,038                About Us

Profit of this year – attributable to
                                                              15,351,162       12,750,633             20.40         11,053,987         11,052,696
shareholders of the Company

Net cash generated from/(used in)
                                                            34,818,437 (28,475,553)                     N/A        70,290,567         70,290,567
operating activities

Total amount of other comprehensive
                                                                597,755            315,999             89.16         1,195,949          1,195,949


                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
income after tax this year




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                    At the end of 2022
                                                                                                Increase/
                                                            At the end        At the end        decrease                After             Before
Item                                                            of 2024           of 2023             (%)         adjustment         adjustment

Total assets                                               814,270,494 905,508,389                  (10.08)     846,570,990          846,567,016

Total liabilities                                         622,376,573        723,290,957            (13.95)       678,714,380        678,718,307




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Total equity attributable to shareholders
                                                           191,673,902         179,108,367              7.02       165,095,102        165,087,201
of the Company

Total shareholders’ equity                                  191,893,921        182,217,432              5.31       167,856,610       167,848,709

Total share capital (shares)                             9,027,302,281 9,074,663,335                 (0.52) 9,075,589,027 9,075,589,027



(II) Key Financial Indicators
                                                                                                                               2022

                                                                                      Increase/decrease       After      Before



                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Key financial indicators                                       2024          2023                   (%) adjustment  adjustment

Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                            1.62           1.35                      20.00                1.18              1.18




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                          1.62           1.33                       21.80               1.16              1.16

                                                                                           Increase of 1.12
ROE (%)                                                         9.24           8.12                                          7.49             7.49
                                                                                       percentage points

                                                                                        Decrease of 6.52
Debt-to-assets ratio (%) Note 1                               69.53         76.05                                           75.81            75.81
                                                                                       percentage points

Net assets attributable to the
Company’s ordinary shareholders per                            18.10          16.91                        7.02             16.24            16.24
share (RMB/share) Note 2

Note 1: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets – accounts payable to brokerage clients).
Note 2: Net assets attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders per share were net of the effect of perpetual bonds.




                                                                                                                                                       025
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Description of key accounting data and financial indicators of the Company:

          Since January 1, 2023, the Group has applied amendments to IAS 12, and retrospectively adjusted the
          accounting statements for previous years. During the Reporting Period, the application of other new
          IFRSs and the amendments to IFRSs has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
          performance for the current and prior periods.


          (‌III‌) Net Capital of the Parent Company and Risk Control Indicators
                                                                                                  Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                 As of the end of the              As of the end of the
          Item                                                      Reporting Period                     previous year

          Net capital                                              94,142,061,443.95                 94,076,764,232.03

          Net assets                                              160,886,314,922.70                 155,053,212,660.64

          Risk coverage ratio (%)                                             362.37                              247.80

          Net capital/net assets (%)                                           58.51                               60.67

          Net capital/liabilities (%)                                          27.25                                22.15

          Net assets/liabilities (%)                                           46.57                                36.51

          Value of proprietary equity securities and
                                                                               26.98                               28.58
          derivatives/net capital (%)

          Value of proprietary non-equity securities and
                                                                              254.96                              366.74
          derivatives/net capital (%)

          Core net capital                                         69,102,061,443.95                   62,717,842,821.35

          Supplementary net capital                               25,040,000,000.00                    31,358,921,410.68

          Total risk capital provision                             25,979,726,543.44                   37,964,151,783.74

          Total on-balance and off-balance assets                 422,892,295,982.11                507,398,204,994.55

          Capital leverage ratio (%)                                           18.05                                13.98

          Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                         221.41                              152.51

          Net stable funding ratio (%)                                        150.36                               130.84


          During the Reporting Period, main risk control indicators of the Company such as net capital were all in line
          with the regulatory requirements, and there were no such circumstances where the risk control indicators
          violated the pre-warning standards or were not in compliance with the provided standards.




026
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(‌IV) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years

The financial conditions for the past five years are as follows:
1. Profitability
                                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


Item                                                              2024              2023               2022                  2021            2020

Total revenue, other income and gains                    54,285,483           52,260,421        46,824,372             51,926,404      40,534,436

Total expenses                                            41,287,096         40,640,541         35,815,380             38,283,823       31,233,707


                                                                                                                                                               About Us
Share of profits of associates and joint
                                                           2,353,953          2,584,784             1,219,046           2,629,981       4,203,647
ventures

Profit before income tax                                  15,352,340         14,204,664         12,228,038             16,272,562       13,504,376

Profit of this year-attributable to
                                                            15,351,162        12,750,633         11,053,987             13,346,106      10,822,497
shareholders of the Company




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
2. Assets
                                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                               December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Item                                                 2024         2023         2022         2021         2020

Total assets                                      814,270,494         905,508,389         846,570,990           806,650,833            716,751,235

Total liabilities                                 622,376,573          723,290,957          678,714,380          654,615,049         584,439,200

Accounts payable to brokerage
                                                  184,586,976           144,701,360          152,551,723          147,501,833          136,387,634
clients




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Total equity attributable to
                                                   191,673,902          179,108,367         165,095,102           148,422,810          129,071,500
shareholders of the Company

Total equity                                        191,893,921          182,217,432        167,856,610          152,035,784           132,312,035

Total share capital (shares)                    9,027,302,281 9,074,663,335 9,075,589,027 9,076,650,000 9,076,650,000



3. Key Financial Indicators

Item                                                                       2024            2023              2022              2021          2020



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Dividend per share (RMB)                                                    0.52            0.43            0.45                0.45          0.40

Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                         1.62            1.35               1.18            1.47           1.20



                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Dilutive earnings per share (RMB/share)                                      1.62            1.33               1.16            1.46           1.19

ROE (%)                                                                     9.24             8.12            7.49               9.84           8.61

Debt-to-assets ratio (%)Note 1                                             69.53           76.05            75.81             76.93          77.20

Net assets attributable to ordinary shareholders
                                                                            18.10           16.91           16.24              15.25         14.22
of the Company per share (RMB/share)Note 2

Note 1: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets – accounts payable to brokerage clients).
Note 2: Net assets attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders per share were net of the effect of perpetual bonds




                                                                                                                                                      027
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          II. DIFFERENCES IN FINANCIAL DATA PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE
          WITH DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

          There is no difference between the net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for 2024 and 2023
          and the net assets attributable to shareholders of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and December
          31, 2023 set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the CASBE and in the
          consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRSs.




          III. ITEMS MEASURED UNDER FAIR VALUE
                                                                                         Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                     Effect on the profit
                                           Balance at the    Balance at the       Change in the           of the current
          Name of items                   end of last year   end of the year      current period      period in amount

          Financial assets at fair
                                              413,079,384        301,537,757         (111,541,627)              8,173,351
          value through profit or loss

          Equity instruments at
          fair value through other                124,506            125,860                1,354                  8,800
          comprehensive income

          Debt instruments at
          fair value through other             16,262,000         10,135,553          (6,126,447)                 613,147
          comprehensive income

          Derivative financial
                                                 (621,760)        (952,660)            (330,900)                1,261,866
          instruments

          Financial liabilities at fair
                                                52,671,166       40,448,332          (12,222,834)             (1,379,907)
          value through profit or loss




          IV. AWARDS AND HONORS

          (I) Key awards and honors of the Group

                 The selection of “2023 Financial Technology           The selection of “2024 Golden Bull Award for
                 Development Award” held by the People’s               the Securities Industry” (2024 年度證券業金牛
                 Bank of China:                                        獎 ) held by China Securities Journal (《中國證
                                                                       券報》):
                 “CAMS Big Data Intelligent Credit Investment
                 Research Platform Project” and “Jian Fu” ( 簡          The Company was awarded “Golden Bull
                 富 ), the Digital Due Diligence Platform for           Award for Financial Technology of Securities
                 Investment Bank, won the second prize                 Companies” ( 證券公司金融科技金牛獎 ), etc.




028
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
     The selection of “Collection of Best Practice      The selection of “Jinding Award” ( 金 鼎 獎 )
     Case of Board of Directors of Public               held by National Business Daily (《每日經濟新
     Companies 2024” (2024 年度上市公司董事會最                   聞》):
     佳實踐案例徵集活動 ) held by China Association
                                                        The Company was awarded “2024 Outstanding
     for Public Companies:
                                                        Cultural Construction Case” (2024 年度優秀文
     The Company was awarded “Best Practice Case        化建設案例 ), “2024 Best Typical Case of Rural
     of Board of Directors of Public Companies 2024”    Revitalization” (2024 年 度 最 佳 鄉 村 振 興 經 典 案
     (2024 年度上市公司董事會最佳實踐案例 ), etc.                      例 ), etc.



(II) Key awards and honors of the business segments of the Company                                                About Us


Wealth management business
     Shanghai Stock Exchange:                           Shenzhen Stock Exchange:

     The Company was awarded “2023 Top 10               The Company was awarded “2023 Outstanding
     Options Brokers” (2023 年度十佳期權經紀商 ), etc.           Options Brokers” (2023 年度期權優秀經紀商 ), etc.



                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
     HKEX:                                              The selection of the “Second Session of
                                                        Golden Bull Award for Fund Investment
     The Company was awarded “2023 Outstanding
                                                        Advisory Institutions” ( 第二屆基金投顧機構金牛

                                                                                                                and Strategies
     Broker Award of Hong Kong Stock Connect”
                                                        獎 ) organized by China Securities Journal (
                                                                                                  《中
     (2023 年度港股通卓越券商獎 ), “2023 Outstanding
                                                        國證券報》):
     ETF Broker Award of Hong Kong Stock Connect”
     (2023 年度港股通 ETF 卓越券商獎 ), “2023 Mainland            The Company was awarded the “Golden
     Broker Award for Long-term Contributions to        Bull Award for Fund Investment Advisory
     Security Data” (2023 年度長期貢獻證券數據內地                  Institutions” ( 基金投顧機構金牛獎 ), etc.
     券商獎 ), etc.




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
     The selection of “2024 Junding Award in            The selection of the “2024 Yinghua Award
     China’s Securities Industry” (2024 年度中國證           for Brokers in China”(2024 年度中國券商英華獎 )
     券業君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times (《證          organized by China Fund News (
                                                                                     《中國基金報》   ):
     券時報》):
                                                        The Company was awarded “2024
     The Company was awarded “2024 Junding              Outstanding Broker Demonstration Institution
     Award for All-round Wealth Management              for Wealth Management” (2024 年度優秀券商財
     Broker in China’s Securities Industry” (2024 年度    富管理示範機構 ), “2024 Outstanding Investment
     中國證券業全能財富經紀商君鼎獎 ), “2024 Junding                   Advisor Demonstration Institution” (2024 年 度
     Award for All-round Digital Transformation in      優 秀 投 顧 示 範 機 構 ), “2024 Outstanding Broker
     China’s Securities Industry” (2024 年度中國證券          Demonstration Institution for Fintech” (2024 年
     業數字化轉型全能君鼎獎 ), etc.                                度優秀券商金融科技示範機構 ), etc.



                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
     “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) was awarded       “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) was awarded
     “2024 Junding Award for Wealth Management          “2024 Outstanding Broker Application
                                                        Demonstration Institution” (2024 年度優秀券商


                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
     Service Brand in China’s Securities Industry”
     (2024 年度中國證券業財富服務品牌君鼎獎 ), “2024                    APP 示範機構 ), etc.
     Junding Award for Digital Pioneer Application in
     China’s Securities Industry” (2024 年度中國證券業
     數字化先鋒 APP 君鼎獎 ), etc.




                                                                                                         029
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                The 20th anniversary special selection of the      The selection of the “Jinding Award” ( 金鼎獎 )
                “Yinghua Award” ( 英華獎 ) for ETF organized          organized by National Business Daily (《每日
                by China Fund News (《中國基金報》):                      經濟新聞》):

                The Company was awarded “Excellent ETF Liquidity   The Company was awarded “2024 Most
                Service Provider” ( 優秀 ETF 流動性服務商 ), “Excellent    Comprehensive Wealth Management Broker”
                ETF Seller” ( 優秀 ETF 銷售商 ), etc.                   (2024 年 度 最 佳 財 富 管 理 綜 合 實 力 券 商 ), “2024
                                                                   Most Distinctive Broker for Fund Investment
                                                                   Advisory Services” (2024 年度最具特色基金投顧
                                                                   服務券商 ), etc.

                The selection of the “Huazun Award” ( 華尊獎 )
                organized by Cailian Press (《財聯社》):

                The Company was awarded “Award for
                Best Institution in Wealth Management” ( 最
                佳 財 富 管 理 機 構 獎 ), “Award for Best Wealth
                Management Practice” ( 最佳財富管理實踐獎 ),
                “Award for Best Investment Advisory Team”
                ( 最佳投顧團隊獎 ), etc.

           Institutional services business
                Shanghai Stock Exchange:                           Shenzhen Stock Exchange:

                The Company was awarded “Rating A in               The Company was awarded “Rating AA in
                Comprehensive Evaluation on Stock Market           Evaluation on Liquidity Services for Shenzhen-
                Makers on the STAR Market in 2024” ( 科創板股          Listed Funds in 2024” ( 深市基金 2024 年度流動
                票做市商 2024 年度綜合評價 A 評級 ), “Rating AA                性 服 務 評 價 AA 評 級 ), “Excellent Fund Liquidity
                in Comprehensive Evaluation on Main Market         Service Provider of 2023” (2023 年 度 優 秀 基 金
                Makers for Shanghai-Listed Funds in 2024” ( 滬      流 動 性 服 務 商 ), “Excellent Participant in the
                市上市基金主做市商 2024 年度綜合評價 AA 評級 ),                     Innovation in Bond Trading Business of 2023”
                “2023 Outstanding Stock Market Maker on the        (2023 年 度 債 券 交 易 業 務 創 新 優 秀 參 與 機 構 ),
                STAR Market” (2023 年度優秀科創板股票做市商 ),                 “Excellent Bond Market Making Institution”
                “2023 Outstanding Market Maker for Funds”          ( 優 秀 債 券 做 市 機 構 ), “Excellent Institution for
                (2023 年度優秀基金做市商 ), “2023 Outstanding               Cross-Market Bond Trading” ( 優 秀 跨 市 場 債 券
                Market Maker for Public REITs” (2023 年 度 優 秀       交易機構 ), etc.
                公 募 REITs 做 市 商 ), “2023 Outstanding Market
                                                                   Huatai United Securities was awarded
                Maker for Bonds and ETFs” (2023 年度優秀債券
                                                                   “Outstanding Intermediary for Fixed Income
                ETF 做市商 ), etc.
                                                                   Innovative Products of 2023” (2023 年度固定收
                Huatai United Securities was awarded               益創新產品優秀中介機構 ), etc.
                “2023 Outstanding Supporting Unit for
                Comprehensive Services and Consultancy for
                SOEs” (2023 年度央企綜合服務諮詢支持傑出單位 ),
                etc.




030
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
The selection of the “Seventeenth Session          The selection of the “SRP China Awards
of Best Investment Bank” ( 第十七屆最佳投行 )              2 0 2 3 ” o r g a n i z e d b y St r u c t u r e d R e t a i l
organized by NewFortune (《新財富》):                   Products, a provider of structured products
                                                   market consulting:
Huatai United Securities was awarded “Best
Domestic Investment Bank” ( 本 土 最 佳 投 行 ),         The Company was awarded “Best
“Best Investment Bank in Practicing ESG” ( 最       Performance-Securities House”, “Deal of the
佳 踐 行 ESG 投 行 ), “Best Investment Bank in          Year”, “Best Derivative Manufacturer-Securities
Equity Underwriting” ( 最 佳 股 權 承 銷 投 行 ), “Best    House”, etc.
Investment Bank in Bond Underwriting” ( 最 佳 債
權 承 銷 投 行 ), “Best IPO Investment Bank” ( 最 佳
IPO 投 行 ), “Best Refinancing Investment Bank”                                                                                About Us
( 最 佳 再 融 資 投 行 ), “Best Investment Bank in
Mergers and Acquisitions” ( 最佳併購投行 ), “Best
Investment Bank in Corporate Bonds” ( 最佳公司
債投行 ), “Best Investment Bank in Asset-Backed
Securitization (ABS)” ( 最 佳 資 產 證 券 化 (ABS) 投
行 ), “Best Investment Bank in Serving Overseas
Markets” ( 海外市場能力最佳投行 ), etc.

                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
The selection of “2024 Junding Award in            China Foreign Exchange Trade System:
China’s Securities Industry” (2024 年 度 中 國 證

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                   The Company was awarded “Institution with
券業君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times (《證
                                                   Market Influence of the Year” ( 年度市場影響力
券時報》):
                                                   機 構 ), “Market Innovative Business Institution”
Huatai United Securities was awarded “2024         ( 市 場 創 新 業 務 機 構 ), “Derivatives Innovation
Junding Award for All-round Investment             Award” ( 衍 生 品 創 新 獎 ), “Automated Trading
Banking in China’s Securities Industry” (2024      Award” ( 自 動 化 交 易 獎 ), “Star of Bond Carry
年度中國證券業全能投行君鼎獎 ), “2024 Junding                    Trade Strategy” ( 債券利差交易策略之星 ), etc.
Award for M&As and Reorganization Financial




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Advisory in China’s Securities Industry” (2024 年
度中國證券業併購重組財務顧問君鼎獎 ), etc.

The selection of the “Jinding Award” ( 金鼎獎 )
organized by National Business Daily (《 每 日
經濟新聞》):

Huatai United Securities was awarded “2024
Best Manager among Brokers and Investment
Banks” (2024 年 度 券 商 投 行 最 佳 管 理 人 ), “2024
Innovation Leadership Project Award” (2024 年
度創新引領項目獎 ), etc.



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                    031
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           Investment management business
                Shanghai Stock Exchange:                          Shenzhen Stock Exchange:

                Huatai Asset Management was awarded               Huatai Asset Management was awarded
                “Outstanding Manager for Asset Securitization     “Outstanding Manager for Special Asset-
                Business for 2023” (2023 年度資產證券化業務優秀              backed Plans for 2023” (2023 年度優秀資產支持
                管理人 ), etc.                                       專 項 計 劃 管 理 人 ), “Outstanding Fixed-income
                                                                  Product Duration Management Institution” ( 優
                China Southern Asset Management was
                                                                  秀固定收益產品存續期管理機構 ), etc.
                awarded “2023 Top Ten ETF Managers” (2023
                年度十佳 ETF 管理人 ), etc.                              China Southern Asset Management was
                                                                  awarded “2023 Outstanding Bond Investment
                                                                  and Trading Institution” (2023 年 度 優 秀 債 券 投
                                                                  資 交 易 機 構 ), “2023 Outstanding ETF Research
                                                                  Support Award” (2023 年度優秀 ETF 研究支持獎 ),
                                                                  etc.

                The selection of “2024 Junding Award in           The selection of “2024 Junding Award in
                China’s Futures Industry” (2024 年度中國期貨業           China’s Securities Industry” (2024 年度中國證
                君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times (《證券          券業君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times (
                                                                                                        《證
                時報》):                                             券時報》):

                Huatai Futures was awarded “2024 Junding          Huatai Asset Management was awarded
                Award for Leading Futures Company in China”       “2024 Junding Award for All-round Asset
                (2024 年 度 中 國 領 軍 期 貨 公 司 君 鼎 獎 ), “2024          Management Agency in China’s Securities
                Junding Award for Outstanding IT Service          Industry” (2024 年度中國證券業全能資管機構君鼎
                Futures Company in China” (2024 年度中國傑出            獎 ), etc.
                IT 服務期貨公司君鼎獎 ), etc.

                The selection of “ChinaVenture 2023 Annual        The 20th anniversary special selection of the
                Rankings” ( 投 中 2023 年 度 榜 單 ) held by            “Yinghua Award” for ETF organized by China
                ChinaVenture Investment:                          Fund News (《中國基金報》):

                Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded         China Southern Asset Management was
                “Best Chinese Private Equity Investment           awarded “Outstanding ETF Manager” ( 優 秀 ETF
                Institutions TOP20” ( 中國最佳私募股權投資機構                管理人 ), etc.
                TOP20), “Best Chinese-funded Private Equity
                                                                  Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Outstanding
                Investment Institutions TOP20 in China” ( 中 國
                                                                  ETF Manager” ( 優秀 ETF 管理人 ), etc.
                最佳中資私募股權投資機構 TOP20), “Best Chinese
                Subsidiaries of Brokers for Private Funds TOP
                10” ( 中 國 最 佳 券 商 私 募 基 金 子 公 司 TOP10), “Best
                Institutions for Investment in Medical Devices
                Fields TOP20 in China’s Medical and Health
                Service Industry” ( 中國醫療及健康服務產業最佳
                醫療器械領域投資機構 TOP20), “Best Institutions
                for Investment in Medical Services Fields TOP10
                in China’s Medical and Health Service Industry”
                ( 中國醫療及健康服務產業最佳醫療服務領域投資
                機 構 TOP10), “Best Institutions for Investment
                in Biomedical Fields TOP30 in China’s Medical
                and Health Service Industry” ( 中國醫療及健康服
                務產業最佳生物醫藥領域投資機構 TOP30), etc.




032
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
     The selection of the “Eighth Session of Golden
     Bull Award for Equity Investment in China” ( 第
     八 屆 中 國 股 權 投 資 金 牛 獎 ) organized by China
     Securities Journal (《中國證券報》):

     Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded
     “Golden Bull Broker and Outstanding Institution
     for Equity Investment” ( 金牛券商股權投資卓越機
     構 ), etc.

International business
     The Asset (《財資》):                                 Bloomberg Businessweek (《彭博商業周刊》):                        About Us

     Huatai International was awarded “Best            Huatai International was awarded “Outstanding
     Corporate and Institutional Advisor (Broker) in   Initial Public Offering Project Award” ( 首 次 公
     Hong Kong Area” ( 香港地區最佳企業和機構顧問 (券                開 招 股 項 目 卓 越 大 獎 )”, “Corporate Financing
     商 類 )), “Best Private Bond Advisor Award” ( 最 佳   Excellence Award in the Greater Bay Area”
     私募債券顧問獎 ),“Best IPO (J&T)” ( 最佳 IPO ( 極兔 )),      ( 大灣區企業融資卓越大獎 ), “Excellence Award
     “Best Sustainable Bond (Local Government)”        for Digital Innovation” ( 數 碼 創 新 卓 越 大 獎 ),
     ( 最 佳 可 持 續 債 ( 當 地 政 府 )),“Best Green Bond       “Excellence Award for Risk Management” ( 風

                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
     (Financial Institution)” (最佳綠色債(金融機構)), “Best     險 管 理 卓 越 大 獎 ), “Excellence Award for High-
     Mobile Brokerage Application” ( 最佳手機券商 APP),      net-worth Products/Service” ( 高 淨 值 產 品 ╱ 服

                                                                                                               and Strategies
     “Annual Multi-asset Management Company” ( 年       務卓越大獎 ), “Annual Outstanding Technology
     度多資產資管公司 ), etc.                                  Securities Company Award” ( 年 度 科 技 證 券 公
                                                       司 卓 越 大 獎 ), “Annual Outstanding Financial
                                                       Derivatives Institution Award” ( 年度金融衍生產
                                                       品機構卓越大獎 ), etc.

     Asian Private Banker (《亞洲私人銀行家》):                 The selection of the “Fifth Session of Best
                                                       Investment Bank” ( 第五屆最佳投行 ) organized




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
     Huatai International was awarded “Best
                                                       by Wind:
     Wealth Manager – the Greater Bay Area ( 最佳
     財富管理機構－大灣區 )”, “Best Wealth Manager               Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) was
     – Ultra-high Net Worth Customers ( 最佳財富管          awarded “Best H-Share IPO Sponsor” ( 最佳港股 IPO
     理機構－超高淨值客戶 )”, “Best Wealth Manager               保薦人 ), “Best H-Share IPO Global Coordinator”
     – Digital Innovation ( 最佳財富管理機構－數字化               ( 最佳港股 IPO 全球協調人 ), “Best H-Share IPO
     創新 )”, etc.                                       Bookrunner” ( 最佳港股 IPO 賬簿管理人 ), “Best
                                                       H-Share Refinancing Underwriter” ( 最佳港股再融
                                                       資承銷商 ), “Best Chinese USD Bond Underwriter”
                                                       ( 最佳中資美元債承銷商 ), etc.

     Euromoney (《歐洲貨幣》):



                                                                                                                Financial Report and
     Huatai International was awarded “Best
     Securities House in Hong Kong” ( 香港地區最佳
     投行獎 ), “Best for Equities in Hong Kong” ( 香港



                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
     地區最佳股票業務獎 ), etc.




                                                                                                        033
 HUATAI SECURITIES




            2        Operating Analysis
                     and Strategies




034
                                Operating Analysis                                                                                    Financial Report and
ANNUAL REPORT 2024   About Us    and Strategies      Corporate Governance                                                           Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                                                               035
                                                                    036                                 042
                                                                    Summary of the Company’s Business




                                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                         and Board Report
HUATAI
 HUATAISECURITIES
        SECURITIES




          Summary of the
          Company's Business




          I. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR INDUSTRY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          Our Group conducts business operations in the securities industry, and the operating results of such industry
          are closely related to the development trend of the capital market. Principal businesses of the Group have
          always been focusing on capital market services, and its performance is affected by multiple factors such
          as the domestic and overseas economic environment, policy environment and market environment. During
          the Reporting Period, in response to the needs of domestic and overseas clients, the Group leveraged on
          its efficient full business chain system and leading digital financial development capabilities, continued
          to enhance its advantage to provide diversified products and services across markets and cycles, and
          continuously deepened its service model and operation model transition amidst the complex and volatile
          market environment, thus maintaining a momentum of steady development with positive outlook, with its
          major financial indicators and market position of its principal business outperforming most peers in the
          industry. Details of industry position of the Group’s principal businesses during the Reporting Period, please
          refer to the section headed “Operation Discussion and Analysis” under the “Management Discussion and
          Analysis and Board Report” in this report.

          As China accelerates the strategic deployment of constructing a financial powerhouse, focuses on
          advancing high-quality financial development and continues to deepen financial system reform, it has
          provided programmatic and directional planning for the capital market to move towards high-quality
          development. The construction of the top-level system of the capital market will be more complete, and its
          role in servicing the overall modernization development with Chinese characteristics and the transition and
          upgrading of the real economy will be continuously enhanced. With the effective implementation of the
          new guideline on strengthening regulation, forestalling risks and promoting the high-quality development
          of the capital market ( 新 “ 國九條 ”) and the “1+N” policy system of the capital market, followed by a package
          of targeted incremental policies, as well as the solid progress achieved in the “Five Major Areas of Finance”
          ( 五篇大文章 ) of financial work on the capital market, China embarked on a new round of deepening reform
          across the capital market. As the capital market function coordinated with investment and financing
          continues to be improved, continuous efforts are made to develop an ecology of capital market that
          encourages long-term investment, and the comprehensive service capacity of the multi-level capital
          market system has been effectively enhanced. The securities industry is ushering in a historic opportunity
          for high-quality development, which will also expose it to new risks and challenges. Meanwhile, the high
          level of systematic opening up of the capital market, the cultivation of first-class investment banks and
          investment institutions, the moderate expansion of the space for high-quality institutional capital, as well
          as the policy guidance of strengthening the fundamentals of the capital market and tightening supervision
          and management, will also guide the securities companies to speed up the transformation and upgrading
          of their business and management models, and to focus on the construction of a professional, integrated




036
                                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
and platform-based service system covering the entire life cycle of their clients and the entire business
chain, in order to give full play to their functions as “service providers” of direct financing, “watchmen” of the
capital market and “managers” of social wealth. In addition, the increasingly complex and volatile internal
and external market environment has put forward higher requirements for integrated customer service and
intensive business operations in the securities industry, and high-quality securities companies with leading
capital strength, outstanding professional capabilities, solid customer base, sound synergy mechanism, and
integrated management and control at home and abroad will have a greater competitive advantage.



II. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR BUSINESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                                                                                                                       About Us
The Group is a leading technology-driven securities group in the industry, with a highly collaborative
business model, a cutting-edge digital platform and an extensive and engaging customer base. Our
principal businesses comprise wealth management business, institutional services business, investment
management business and international business. The Group constructs a client-oriented organizational
structure and mechanism, provides comprehensive securities and financial services for individual, enterprise
and institutional clients from home and abroad through a platform-based, integrated and international
operation mode, and aims to become a leading investment bank with strong domestic advantages and
global influence.



                                                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                     ernally           "One Huata
                                                           nt" int                                            i" ext
                                                e   Clie                                                               ern
                                                                                                                             ally
                                            “On


                                                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
   Wealth management                                                                                                                   Institutional services
                                                                              an d O ver s e a s
   To create a first-class wealth service                                ti c g e                                                       To build a first-class all-product,
                                                                      e s i n ka
                                                                     m L
   platform with both scale advantages                          Do                                                              whole-chain full-cycle comprehensive
   and professional characteristics                                                                                                              financial service system

                                                                                                       F i n te
                                                                                                                c
                                                                                                   Em p o w e h




                                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                                                     ole
   To cultivate a first-class asset                               Wh                                           rm
                                                               of in                                                                          Facilitating clients to seize
   management brand with                                    on ha                                  en
                                                             C                                     t                                 preemptive opportunities of global
                                                                     Colla
   differentiated characteristics and                                Bus bor
                                                                         i n e at                                                   value chain restructuring and global
                                                                              ss i
   advantages of securities company                                                                                                                      asset allocation
   Investment management                                                                                                             International business


                                              Plat
                                                  form                                            lised
                                                      -based                                 tiona
                                                                           Integrated interna




                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
           We provide customers with diversified wealth management services, including securities, futures and options
           brokerage, financial products sales, fund investment advisory business, and capital-based intermediary




                                                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
           business through mobile APP, professional PC platforms, securities and futures subsidiaries and branch
           offices, Huatai International and its affiliated overseas subsidiaries, in online and offline modes, domestic
           and overseas linkage. For securities, futures and options brokerage, we mainly execute trades on behalf
           of our clients in stocks, funds, bonds, futures and options, etc. to provide trading services. For the financial
Wealth     products sales business, we mainly provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and
management asset allocation services, and the related financial products are managed by the Group and other financial
           institutions. Our fund investment advisory business mainly entails upon acceptance of clients’ engagement,
business
           selecting specific category, amount and timing of trading of investment funds on behalf of our clients
           within the scope of clients’ authorization in accordance with terms of agreement and submitting trading
           applications including, among others, subscription, redemption and conversion. In respect of capital based
           intermediary business, we provide diversified financing services including margin financing and securities
           lending as well as stock pledged repurchase. Key performance drivers to wealth management business
           include fee and commission income, interest income, etc.




                                                                                                                                                                              037
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          With investment banking serving as the traction and institutional sales serving as a link, we integrate
                          investment banking, institutional investor services and investment trading business resources to provide
                          various types of corporate and institutional clients with all-round comprehensive financial services, which
                          mainly include investment banking business, prime brokerage business, research and institutional sales
                          business and investment and trading business.
                          (1) Investment banking business primarily consists of domestic and overseas equity financing, bond financing,
                          financial advisory, OTC business, etc. For equity financing business, we provide issuance and underwriting
                          domestic and overseas IPO, equity refinancing and depository receipts for our clients. For bond financing
                          business, we provide issuance and underwriting services including various types of domestic and overseas
                          bond financing and asset securitization for our clients. For financial advisory business, we provide professional
                          services including industrial merger and acquisition, share acquisition, financing advisory, corporate
                          restructure and public offering of REITs for our clients. For OTC business, we provide clients with NEEQ listing
                          and follow-on financing services, and relevant OTC businesses engaged in by Jiangsu Equity Exchange. Key
                          performance drivers to investment banking business include underwriting and sponsorship fees, financial
                          advisory fees, etc. for stocks, bonds and merger and acquisition business.
                          (2) Prime brokerage business mainly includes the provision of asset custody and fund services for various
                          types of asset management institutions, such as private and mutual funds, including settlement, liquidation,
          Institutional   reporting and valuation. In addition, it also provides transactions, margin trading, sales of financial products,
          services        derivatives research and other value-added services for clients of prime brokerage. Key performance drivers
                          to prime brokerage business include fees for the fund custody and service business.
          business
                          (3) Research and institutional sales business mainly consists of research business and institutional sales
                          business. For research business, we provide various professional research and advisory services for clients
                          from home and abroad. For institutional sales business, we promote and sell diversified securities products
                          and services to various institutional clients. Key performance drivers to research and institutional sales
                          business include incomes from services concerning various research and other institutions.
                          (4) Investment and trading business mainly includes equity trading, FICC trading and OTC derivative
                          transactions. The Group conducts equity, FICC and other financial instruments transactions, and reduces
                          investment risks and increases investment returns through various trading strategies and techniques. At the
                          same time, in order to meet customers’ needs for investment and financing as well as risk management, we
                          also engage in market making business and OTC derivatives business. In terms of equity trading, we invest
                          and trade stocks, ETFs and derivatives, and engage in market making services for stocks in the STAR Market,
                          financial derivatives and financial products. In terms of FICC trading, we invest and trade all kinds of FICC and
                          derivatives in the interbank and exchange bond markets, and engage in market making services for interbank
                          and exchange markets as well as carbon emissions trading. In terms of OTC derivative transactions, we
                          develop and trade OTC financial products for customers, mainly including equity return swaps, OTC options
                          and structured notes. Key performance drivers to investment and trading business include investment
                          incomes from equity, FICC products and derivatives, etc.

                     We accept fund entrustments from clients, develop and provide various financial products for our clients and
                     manage their assets through our professional investment and research platform as well as our substantial
                     client base, effectively satisfying their investment and financing needs. Our investment management
                     business mainly consists of securities firm asset management, private equity fund management and
                     asset management for fund companies, etc. For securities firm asset management, we participate in the
                     operation of securities firm asset management business through our wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai Asset
          Investment Management; such business includes collective asset management business, single asset management
                     business, specialized asset management business and public offering fund management business (which is
          management operated on a differentiated basis from our public offering fund management business for fund companies
          business   under the Group). For private equity fund management business, we operate private equity funds business,
                     which includes investment and management of private equity funds, through our wholly-owned subsidiary
                     Huatai Purple Gold Investment. For asset management business for fund companies, the Group holds non-
                     controlling interests in two public offering fund management companies, namely China Southern Asset
                     Management and Huatai-PineBridge, through which we participate in the operation of asset management
                     business for fund companies. Key performance drivers to asset management business include management
                     fee income, investment income, etc.

                          In overseas markets and with Huatai International as its holding platform for international business, the Group
                          operates international business through the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Huatai International including
                          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), Huatai Securities (USA) and the Singapore Subsidiary. Based on the
                          Hong Kong market, it steadily deploys on the US, Europe, the Southeast Asia and other major markets.
                          (1) The operations of the Group in Hong Kong are mainly conducted by Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong),
                          a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International, which comprehensively connects with full business chain
                          system of the Group and provides one-stop cross-border integrated financial services for domestic and
                          foreign customers.
          International   (2) Huatai Securities (USA) owns the US broker-dealer license and the US proprietary trading license. It also
          business        obtained the business qualification for securities trading with institutional investors in Canada and market
                          access to major stock exchanges in Europe. It became an introducing broker for US futures products, and was
                          qualified as a broker and dealer for US Treasuries and a limited underwriting member of the Nasdaq Stock
                          Market in the United States.
                          (3) The Singapore Subsidiary owns the licenses on capital market services and the waiver of licensing
                          requirements on wealth management advisory issued by Monetary Authority of Singapore and conducts
                          securities trading and corporate financing businesses.
                          Key performance drivers to international business include wealth management income, investment banking
                          income, investment income, asset management income, etc.




038
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
III. ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESSES DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD

(I) A first-class comprehensive securities group firmly committed to the path of high-quality development

The Group firmly strode forward with the development of the times and resonated with national strategies. It focused on
its main responsibility and business, strengthened its functions and positioning, adhered to the principle of integrity and
innovation, proactively seized the opportunities in market reform, strove to build a first-class investment bank with both
local advantages and global influence and continued to promote the Group’s high-quality development to be at the
forefront of the industry. It has achieved historical breakthroughs in market-based, digital and international development,
embarked on a differentiated development path and ranked among the leaders in the industry in terms of comprehensive

                                                                                                                                          About Us
strength. In recent years, the Group saw its major business continue to improve in terms of volume and scale and market
rankings, and its asset and liability structure continue to optimize, and has made new breakthroughs in diversified
business development and international business expansion. The asset size and profitability of the Group ranked in the
forefront of the industry. The Group maintained its leading position in the industry in terms of the development of wealth
management, investment banking, investment and trading and other core businesses. The unique and differentiated
advantages of asset management business continued to strengthen; and overseas business has become an important
growth engine, ranking it the top place among Chinese-funded securities firms in terms of comprehensive strength. As
the first international securities group listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London, the Group has developed the first-class
brand image with wide influence and recognition in domestic and overseas markets. The MSCI ESG rating of the Company
has maintained the highest level among domestic securities companies since 2021 and raised from AA to AAA in 2024,
achieving two consecutive years of level-up to the highest rating in the global investment banking industry. During the


                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Reporting Period, Standard & Poor’s kept the long-term issuer rating of “BBB+” with stable prospect for the Group and its
subsidiary Huatai International, which is the highest level among Chinese-funded securities companies.




                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
(II) Platform-based, integrated and international service systems covering the full business chains

The Group always adheres to the original intention of customer services and the fundamentals of financial services,
focuses on the financial needs and changes of individual, institutional and corporate customers, and continuously
promotes the upgrading of organization with “One Customer” internally, “One Huatai” externally and the “integrated
operation” internally and externally. Following the policy of giving priority to the “Five Major Areas of Finance” ( 五篇大文章 )
of financial work, it focuses on building a platform-based, integrated and international system covering the full business
chains and a new development model. In the field of wealth management customer services, following the core direction
of creating value for customers, the Group has established and improved the vertically integrated operation system
and development model driven by the headquarters and linked with the headquarters and branches, optimized and




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
enhanced its customer management capability, and continuously strengthened its classified and tiered service system
for customers. It stuck to build its content platform-driven professional service capability, and actively explored and
advanced the integration of new artificial intelligence technology with its wealth management business, consolidating and
strengthening the leading position and professional brand influence of wealth management services in the industry. In
the field of institutional customer services, the Group continued to cement the base of the globally integrated institutional
service platform, and made every effort to enhance its professional financial capabilities in asset pricing, research, trading
and product creation, so as to better meet the service needs of institutional clients in cross-border investment and trading,
and to continue to expand and deepen its customer service. In the field of corporate customer services, it always served
corporate growth with perspectives and logics of industry, constantly strengthened industrial insight, asset knowledge
and pricing ability, and actively built a globalized asset and industrial network. Through constantly tapping into TMT,
general health, energy and environmental protection, high-end manufacturing and other key industrial ecosystems, it fully
improved comprehensive services in domestic and overseas markets on various products, facilitated the development
and global expansion of various outstanding enterprises and actively served the development of the real economy and
the establishment of modern industrial systems, contributing more Huatai power in supporting the development of new
productive forces.




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 039
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Technology development advantages continuously leading digital financial reform of the industry

          Technology empowerment has been the core competitiveness developed by the Group for years with key inputs and a
          main development line leading its transformation and transcendence. In 2019, the Group firstly initiated the comprehensive
          digital transformation in the industry, resolutely took the path of platform-based business development and adopted
          digital thinking and means to fully transform business and management models and facilitate the implementation of
          the digital operation thinking in all levels of pre-, middle-and post ends. Meanwhile, it joined all parties in building an
          open ecosystem and developing fintech platforms and products at the industry level. Through transformation practice
          and capability accumulation, the Group has developed technology into the differentiated development feature leading
          the digital financial reform in the industry as well as the core driver to improving value creation capability and market
          competitiveness. Relying on the industry-leading independent research and development capability on information
          technology and the innovation capability on digital products, the Group continuously promoted the deep integration
          of business with technology. In terms of the platform-based business, the Group developed industry-leading retail and
          institutional customer service systems centered on “Zhang Le” ( 漲 樂 ) and “Xing Zhi” ( 行 知 ), built a series of business
          work platforms with industry foresight such as “AORTA” ( 聊 TA), “QingCloud” ( 青雲 ), “Investment Banking Cloud” ( 投行雲 )
          and “Capital Management Cloud” ( 資 管 雲 ), and constructed “CAMS”, “FICC Elephant Trading Platform” (FICC 大 象 交 易 平
          台 ), “Securities Lending Path” ( 融券通 ), “RIS” ( 睿思 ) and a series of other important platforms that led industry innovation
          and development in key areas such as trading and investment research, which effectively facilitated the reshaping of
          business models and developed distinctive market leading advantages in various business areas. In terms of application
          intelligence, the Group actively embraced and deployed cutting-edge AI technology, accelerated the construction of
          large model capabilities and large model platform systems, and continuously explored the creation of value applications
          in typical scenarios, thereby being equipped with basic capabilities in application building, model management and
          production deployment, and initially achieving application and implementation in multiple scenarios such as intelligent
          research reports, intelligent research and development and intelligent investment advisory. In terms of internationalization
          empowerment, the Group continued to strengthen the platform capability support for the international deployment
          expansion of key businesses, actively promoted the construction of an integrated next-generation trading system both at
          home and abroad, and its self-developed Global Trading Platform (GTP) had officially been put into operation.

          (IV) International development capability at the leading edge of high-level two-way opening up

          Based on the advantages of local resources in China and leveraging on its deep understanding of the Chinese market
          and assets, the Group fully seized strategic opportunities in the continuous deepening of the high-level opening up. In the
          course of deepening services for domestic customers in “going global” and overseas customers in “coming to China”, the
          Company steadily expanded its business layout in global mainstream markets and key regions, and actively promoted the
          integrated operation and management of its main businesses both at home and abroad. With the Hong Kong market as
          the bridgehead and cross-border businesses as drivers, the Group vigorously developed the capital market intermediary
          business and fully enhanced the comprehensive financial service capability on cross-border and integrated operation,
          embarking on a differentiated path of international development. The Group grasped strategic opportunities in deepening
          the opening and interconnection of the Chinese capital market to step up its pace of going global and became the first
          Chinese company issued GDRs through the Shanghai-London Stock Connect and listed on the London Stock Exchange.
          It established Huatai Securities (USA) and the Singapore Subsidiary, obtained various key business licenses in major
          overseas markets. In recent year in particular, the Group further expanded its presence in mature markets such as Japan
          and emerging markets such as Vietnam, and gradually developed a global value chain system with the coverage and
          interconnected development of the Mainland, Hong Kong, the US, the UK, Singapore and other markets in Asia, Europe
          and America. It continuously deepened its participation and influence in major international markets and significantly
          enhanced the execution capability on integrated projects covering different markets, assets and products. It stands
          among the leading Chinese-funded securities firms in Hong Kong in terms of overall strength and walks in the forefront
          in going global among Chinese-funded securities firms. In recent years, the Group’s international business effectively
          responded to the impacts of the complicated and changeable environment in international markets and maintained the
          development momentum with steady progress against the market trend. Going global has become a new engine driving
          the Group’s high-level development and opening up room for growth.




040
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(V) Comprehensive compliance and risk control systems with professional and digital accumulation

The Group always adheres to the development concept that “compliance is the bottom line and risk management is the
capability”, deepens the building of capabilities on digital compliance and risk control and management and strives to
implement and improve the integrated and group-level compliance and risk management structure and system. With the
target of “three-dimensional compliance management with risk as the orientation and data as the basis” and leveraging on
“driven by data, unified platform and empowering business”, the Group firstly promoted the building of digital compliance in
the industry to develop the basis for the professional and efficient digital compliance capability. It continuously strengthens
the construction of three-dimensional compliance, vigorously explores the establishment of cross-border and integrated
compliance control systems, comprehensively solidifies the integrated compliance management mechanism of the Group,
constantly improves the compliance value creation capability and cements the compliance bottom line in international
development. Meanwhile, the Group adheres to the risk management culture targeting stability and long-term development,
upholds the risk management concept with full participation, coverage and penetration, and continues to improve the

                                                                                                                                              About Us
comprehensive risk management system adapting to the integrated and international development of the full business chains.
It strives to enhance the Group’s risk management capabilities in both domestic and overseas markets, strengthens the risk
management mechanism and control measures, focuses on the research and development and iteration of risk management
tools, and enhances risk management capabilities across the board with the empowerment of platform. The Group follows the
market closely and keeps abreast of business, takes active prevention measures, strengthens risk management and control in
high-risk areas and key businesses, enhances the foresight and effectiveness of risk management, and safeguards the bottom
line of business risks to ensure the sound development of the business.

(VI) Development platform empowering overall growth of first-class and professional talents

The Group always adheres to the “people-oriented” concept, continuously stimulates the vitality of talents and constantly


                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
upgrades the value of talents. It constructs an integrated platform for the comprehensive growth and development of
talents, establishes a professional talent cultivation and development system based on the platform, focuses on the
introduction of outstanding talents and increasingly improves the talent richness to facilitate the common growth of



                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
outstanding talents with organizations and convert talent advantages into core competitive advantages. The Group
continuously improves the mechanism of market-oriented selection and employment and effectively carries out
the tenure system and contractual management of senior management. Senior management members practically
conduct exploration with a forward-looking horizon and lead all staff of Huatai to constantly create new chapters in
development and vigorously promote the advancement and progress in the development of the Group. The Group
insists on implementing the strategy of building a strong enterprise with talents, always adheres to the talent selection
and appointment mechanism with the orientation of capabilities and contributions, establishes and improves the all-
round, multi-layered and three-dimensional talent supply chain systems and talent cultivation mechanisms with the
characteristics of Huatai. The Group insists on cultivating outstanding young talents in the market and practice, actively
gathers a number of industry leading talents to build a team of high-quality managers and professionals with international




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
vision and cross-border business experience, and works to fully stimulate and maintain the vitality of the talent team.
Meanwhile, the Group proactively guides employees to constantly enhance awareness on rules, cherish occupational
reputation, carry forward professional spirit and abide by business ethics to refresh the fine tradition of the staff the Huatai
in continuous iteration and development and provide solid guarantees of talents to the strategic advancement of the
Group.

(VII) Cultural value system with positive and win-win spirit for common progress

After over 30 years of development, the Group has achieved transformation and advancement towards an international
securities group. Culture has been the spiritual force in its development and the value orientation leading to its growth and
progress. Bearing in mind the mission and responsibility and upholding patriotism, Huatai people dare to pioneer, to compete
for the first and to make breakthroughs with concerted efforts despite the environment. After years of integration and evolving,
the Company gradually developed the cultural characteristics of “technology empowerment, innovation and initiative” and
an “open and inclusive” cultural atmosphere. The Company insists on improving the “hard strength” in development with the
“soft power” in culture and deeply establishes and implements the corporate spirit of “openness, inclusiveness, innovation,




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
struggle and responsibility”. In recent years, the Company actively cultivated financial culture with Chinese characteristics and
deeply practiced the cultural concepts of the securities industry. In combination with its own development conditions and led
by the establishment of a featured cultural brand system, it solidly advanced cultural construction and developed the cultural
value systems and the cultural work systems with internal cohesion, external brand as well as distinctive features through




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
system building, themed activities, publicity and training, awards and other forms. Meanwhile, the Company developed the
cultural and brand matrix with the integration of Party building culture, technology culture, compliance culture and risk culture,
and continuously enhanced the internal and external recognition and penetration of culture, achieving the deep integration
of cultural building with corporate governance, development strategies and development models as well as the organic
combination with the overall development of people, the historical and cultural inheritance and the building of professional
capabilities. Through the continuous promotion of the Company’s cultural and value systems and the constant forging of
the spiritual force, it shaped the grounding for the steady and long-term development of the Company’s businesses, making
the positive and win-win spirit an important guarantee to the development of the Company in different cycles and the
establishment of international competitiveness, and consolidating the cultural foundation for high-quality development and
establishment of a first-class investment bank.




                                                                                                                                     041
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Management Discussion
          and Analysis and Board
          Report




          I. OPERATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                    Year-
                                                                                 on-year
                                                                               change of
                                                                                segment          Year-
                           Segment                                               revenue       on-year
                            revenue                               Segment      and other     change of        Year-on-year
                          and other                                  profit       income      segment            change of
                             income      Segment        Segment    margin      and gains      expenses       segment profit
          Segment         and gains      expenses         results      (%)            (%)          (%)              margin
          Wealth                                                                                           Decrease of 2.55
          management      23,808,741    (17,586,912)    6,221,829     26.13          2.07           5.73       percentage
          business                                                                                                  points
          Institutional                                                                                    Decrease of 12.83
          services         8,169,556      (7,172,421)     997,160      12.21      (22.56)        (9.30)         percentage
          business                                                                                                   points
                                                                                                                Decrease of
          Investment
                                                                                                                      39.95
          management       2,659,847      (1,530,117)     362,631     13.63        (20.81)        (3.71)
                                                                                                                percentage
          business
                                                                                                                     points
                                                                                                           Increase of 20.61
          International
                           18,193,615    (11,260,104)   6,942,152     38.16         40.59           5.74        percentage
          business
                                                                                                                     points
          Others                                                                                           Increase of 18.55
          (including       1,453,724    (3,737,542)      828,568      57.00       (30.32)         (3.19)        percentage
          offset)                                                                                                    points
                                                                                                             Increase of 1.10
          Segment total   54,285,483    (41,287,096) 15,352,340       28.28          3.87           1.59        percentage
                                                                                                                     points




042
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(I) Overall operation conditions

In 2024, against the backdrop of a global economy full of challenges and variables, China’s economy
demonstrated strong resilience and stability in general. Solid progress was achieved in high-quality
development and efforts were made to speed up fostering new productive forces. At the same time,
the Third Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee and the new guideline on strengthening
regulation, forestalling risks and promoting the high-quality development of the capital market ( 新 “ 國 九
條 ”) have mapped out the direction of the reform and development of China’s capital market, bringing both
new opportunities and challenges to the operation and development of securities companies. In the face
of the complex internal and external business environment, the Group adhered to its functional positioning,

                                                                                                                           About Us
and closely followed the “1+N” policy system of the capital market to serve the national strategic goals. It
consolidated the foundation for high-quality development, adhered to its customer-centric principle, and
made concrete efforts in the “Five Major Areas of Finance” ( 五篇大文章 ) of financial work. Moreover, it firmly
deepened the “two-pronged” ( 雙 輪 驅 動 ) development strategy of wealth management and institutional
services empowered by science and technology, continued to strengthen the strategic layout of its
international business, built its core competitiveness through the cycle, and constructed a sound customer
service system linking the whole business chain. Key initiatives included: in terms of wealth management, the
Group took “creating value for customers” as the core, made further progress in constructing an integrated
customer management system in a hierarchical manner, and solidified the middle platform of finance

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
and platform-based operation system, striving to enhance professional wealth management service
capabilities; in terms of institutional services, the Group, in response to policy and market changes and to


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
meet the demands for financial services of institutional customers, focused on enhancing multi-product,
full-chain, and full cycle operation capabilities for comprehensive customer value through platform-based
empowerment and international expansion; in terms of corporate customer services, focusing on national
strategic emerging industries, the Group fully integrated the service resources across the entire business
chain, promoted continuous improvements in corporate governance and operation quality with professional
services, and actively empowered the modernization of industrial system and the accelerated development
of new productive forces; in terms of international development, the Group further expanded its presence in
mature and emerging markets, actively assisted Chinese customers to “go global” and “bring in” overseas




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
customers with its cross-border integrated comprehensive service system, so as to better serve the high-
level opening up of finance; in terms of digital finance, the Group continued to promote the building of
platform capabilities in each area and overseas layout and operation, continuously expanded new business
and operating models by relying on technological empowerment, built an open technological cooperation
ecosystem, actively explored the application of AI technology in professional financial service scenarios,
and unleashed new momentum created by the integration of “business + technology”. Meanwhile, the
Group further promoted comprehensive risk management and full compliance management, implemented
intensive and refined operation and management, and continuously consolidated the foundation for higher
quality and efficiency and steady development. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s operating results
reached a record high and its overall strength continued to rank among the top among leading securities




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
companies, with high-quality development continuing to deepen.

In 2025, the Group will focus on the main business of capital market service, adhere to the main responsibility
of providing financial services to the real economy, and firmly deepen the “two-pronged” core development



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
strategy of wealth management and institutional services empowered by science and technology. It will
accelerate the iterative upgrading of the business model, taking into account the continuously evolving
financial service demands of individual, corporate and institutional clients, and make every effort to build an
integrated and comprehensive service capability covering major global markets and with synergies across
the business chain. It will unleash the in-depth value of its clients and business, and continue to make
progress in terms of revenue capacity, financial technology strength and international development level.

(II) Wealth management business

1. Market environment

In recent years, China’s wealth management market has shown a development trend of continuous expansion




                                                                                                                  043
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of scale, increasingly complex competitive landscape and continuous innovation of products and services.
          Under the new policy, market and technology environment, the underlying logic of asset allocation and
          service model of the wealth management industry is undergoing a profound evolution. Buyer side investment
          consultants are paying more attention to meeting customers’ deep-seated wealth management needs and
          improving customer experience in all aspects; “Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect” ( 跨 境 理 財 通 ) has
          entered the 2.0 stage, expanding the channels and categories of offshore asset allocation for more customers;
          and the accelerated iteration and application of new technologies represented by AI are profoundly affecting
          the development trend of the wealth management industry.

          In 2024, the A shares market curbed before an upsurge, presenting an overall pattern of shock and
          differentiation. According to the statistics from Wind Information, the total turnover in the A share market was
          RMB257.01 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.17%. As the development of margin financing and
          securities lending business became increasingly standardized, the market size increased, and the balance of
          margin financing and securities lending business across the market was RMB1,864.583 billion, representing a
          year-on-year increase of 12.94% according to the statistics from Wind Information. For fund investment advisory
          business, with more diversified business models, the business enjoyed a considerable development potential.
          According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China, in the second half of 2024, the
          existing scale of equity funds of top 100 fund sales institutions was RMB4,851.8 billion, the existing scale of funds in
          non-monetary markets was RMB9,536.7 billion, and the existing scale of stock index funds was RMB1,703.9 billion.
          With a sounder product system in place, the domestic futures market exhibited steady growth in its trading scale.
          According to the statistics from the China Futures
          Association, the total turnover of the futures markets
          across the country was RMB619.26 trillion, representing                    Changes in total turnover of the A share market
          a year-on-year increase of 8.93%. Given increasingly                                                               Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB
          diversified and personalized customer demands
                                                                                     300
          and more intense competition from peers and other
                                                                                                                            257.18                     257.01
          industries, it is necessary for wealth management
                                                                                     250
                                                                                                                                     223.89
          institutions to build a refined customer management                                                    206.05                       212.10
          system, a brand-based product operation system                             200
                                                                                               CAGR
          and a professional investment advisory service                                       +19.19%
          system to provide customers with all-asset, full-cycle                     150
                                                                                                        126.88
          and integrated financial services and continue to                                    89.65
                                                                                     100
          expand the space for sustainable development. At
          the same time, it is also important to take the initiative                  50
          to embrace new technologies and integrate into the
          new ecosystem, steadily promote the innovation of                            0
                                                                                               2018     2019      2020      2021     2022     2023     2024
          service models and operation modes, and actively
          explore new space for development.                                         Source: Wind                                                Total turnover




          Changes in the scale of market-wide margin                                 Changes in cumulative turnover in the futures
          financing and securities lending business                                  market
                                        Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                 Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB

          20,000                                                         18,645.83    800
                                               18,321.91

                                     16,190.08                  16,508.96             700
                                                        15,403.92                                                                                      619.26
                     CAGR                                                                                                   581.20            568.51
          15,000                                                                      600
                     +16.24%                                                                                                         534.94
                                                                                                CAGR
                                                                                      500       +19.67%            437.53
                            10,192.85
          10,000                                                                      400
                   7,557.04                                                                              290.61
                                                                                      300
                                                                                                210.82
           5,000                                                                      200

                                                                                      100

               0                                                                           0
                     2018     2019      2020     2021      2022   2023      2024                 2018     2019     2020      2021     2022     2023    2024

           Source: Wind                                           Business scale      Source：China Futures Association                        The total turnover




044
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
2. Operational measures and performance

(1) Securities, futures and options brokerage business and wealth management service

During the Reporting Period, the Group proactively adapted to changes in the market environment and
customers’ needs and worked on building an operation system based on customer classification and
stratification to create professional and brand-based services that target groups such as mass customers,
wealth management customers, high-net-worth customers and entrepreneurial customers. It actively
promoted the efficient response and precise delivery of its services, thereby expanding the scale of
customers and assets. The Group consistently updated the construction of financial middle platform to


                                                                                                                          About Us
actively build a high-quality and matrix-type content service system driven by a professional financial
kernel. It continuously improved the service system of professional investment tools and strategies, and
accumulated new driving forces for business development to create differentiated advantages in inclusive
financial services. The Group actively promoted the development of vertically integrated customer-centric
operations, created a service-driven customer growth model and built a customer growth strategy with
integrated financial services as its core competitiveness. Moreover, it continued to optimize its customer
structure, deepened its customer group management ability, and pushed for the realization of customers’
entire-life-cycle service companion. It continued to expand its cross-border business opportunities and
constantly enhance its cross-border financial service capabilities, and was approved as one of the first


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
batch of securities companies to participate in the “Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect” ( 跨
境 理 財 通 ) business on a pilot basis, with the cross-border integrated business linkage mechanism further


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
optimized. It has established a sound investment advisory service system featuring both standardized
paradigm and personalized advantages, continuously improved professional training, platform
empowerment and incentive guidance mechanism, and actively built a professional and high-quality
investment advisory team to continuously enhance the effective coverage of clients and the depth of
asset allocation. According to internal statistics, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the number of the
Company’s staff registered for carrying out securities investment consultancy (investment advisory) with
the Securities Association of China was 3,480.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
The Group gave full play to its financial expertise and fintech advantages, continued to improve its digital
and intelligent wealth management platform, and constantly optimized its platform-based operation
strategy and service system. On the basis of the empowerment of the financial capability middle platform,
the Group empowered clients and investment consultants in terms of investment research, content,
operation and marketing, as well as compliance control, which has effectively enhanced the content
quality and professional kernel of the investment advisory services, and provided clients with asset
allocation services that integrate resources from the entire business chain. During the Reporting Period,
for “ZhangLe Fortune Path”, the Group continued to deepen the application of AI technology, continuously
enriched the core customer service scenarios, made efforts to improve the special services such as ETF
projects, asset allocation and “Investment-leading Officers” ( 領投官 ), and upgraded and iterated the branded
“i Kan” (i 看 ) financial content platform, further improving the platform-based content service system and



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
customer operation model, and effectively enhancing customers’ professional trading and financial service
experience.

The Group continued to maintain its advantages in trading services based on advanced platforms. In terms



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
of ETF business, it actively created tools covering various product options, product analysis and trading
strategies to guide clients in long-term allocation and improve their investment experience. In terms of stock
options brokerage business, it continued to enhance its trading support capabilities, continued to cultivate
qualified investors and strengthened risk management, thus maintaining its leading position of this business
in the market.

For the futures brokerage business, as of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures had 9 futures
branches and 42 futures branches in total covering 4 municipalities directly under the Central Government
and 17 provinces in China, being the agent of 146 types of futures. The Group continued to strengthen the
link between its securities and futures businesses, with 244 securities branches permitted to be engaged in
Futures IB Business as of the end of the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                 045
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Financial product sales and fund investment advisory business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group proactively constructed an integrated asset allocation service system
          based on buyers’ perspective with meeting customers’ needs for diversified wealth management as the
          guidance, professional investment and research of financial products as the cornerstone and intelligence
          and platform as business drivers, coordinated and promoted the development of financial product sales,
          allocation, fund investment advisory and other business and provided customers with diversified portfolio
          strategies and products allocation solutions. According to internal statistics, during the Reporting Period,
          the number of financial products held (except for the cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天天發 ))
          was 16,760, and their sales scale (except for the cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天 天 發 )) was
          RMB503.991 billion. The fund investment advisory business grew steadily, with a business scale of RMB18.079
          billion as at the end of the Reporting Period. According to the statistics from the Asset Management
          Association of China ( 中 國 證 券 投 資 基 金 業 協 會 ) in the second half of 2024, the Company’s equity mutual
          funds maintained a scale of RMB120.2 billion, the funds in the non-monetary market maintained a scale of
          RMB166.6 billion, and the equity index funds maintained a scale of RMB108.7 billion, all ranking second in the
          securities industry.

          During the Reporting Period, with the focus on the differentiated and multi-level demands of classified
          and stratified customers for asset allocation and with the buyer side investment advisory business as the
          core, the Group continued to enrich and improve the supply system of financial products. It established
          an allocation supply matrix for buyer side investment advising based on various dimensions, continued to
          enhance the product selection and risk prevention and control capabilities, and provided multi-dimensional
          solutions from the selection of single products to the allocation of strategies and tailor-made allocation.
          It further improved the buyer side investment advisory allocation system, intensified the research and
          application of diversified assets allocation, and optimized the “Worry-free Families” ( 省 心 家 族 ) allocation
          service, providing open selection service for publicly offered products through “Worry-free Choice” ( 省心選 ),
          strategy service based on publicly offered funds through “Worry-free Investment” ( 省心投 ), and personalized
          allocation solutions for customers through “Worry-free Enjoyment” ( 省 心 享 ). It continuously optimized the
          advisory service system of buyer-side investment advising, fostered the “Investment-leading Officers” ( 領
          投官 ) service model, provided professional support with the asset allocation service platform as the base,
          and continuously improved its ability in three-dimensional companion services covering the entire business
          cycle to enhance customer experience. It enhanced the capability construction of digital platforms,
          continued to build the core middle platform system for buyer-side investment advising, established an
          open factor research and strategy algorithm platform, and iteratively upgraded the account diagnosis
          and asset allocation tools; it actively explored the application scenarios of AI large model-enabled product
          allocation, and enhanced the business support of investment research to investment advisors through the
          full connection with investment advisor service workflows, so as to enhance the overall business efficiency
          and capability of empowerment.

                                                                   Changes in the scale of margin financing and
          (3) Capital-based intermediary business                  securities lending business

          During the Reporting Period, for its capital-                                           Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          based intermediary business, the Group actively
          responded to changes in business rules and the          1,500
                                                                                                       1,376.99
          market environment, and continued to build a                                      1,241.23
                                                                                                                                        1,301.07
                                                                                                                             1,225.14
          customer-oriented and integrated securities             1,200
                                                                                                                  1,123.47
          financial ecosystem delivering products and
                                                                           CAGR
          covering all operations. It strengthened intelligent     900
                                                                           +20.03%
          risk control and conducted its business in a                             671.25
          compliant and prudent manner; and it constructed         600
                                                                          435.15
          a service system covering the entire lifecycle
          of customers through digitalization, and built           300

          up a core business advantage by responding
          efficiently to customers’ requests through the              0
                                                                           2018    2019      2020       2021       2022       2023       2024
          linkage of the entire business chain. For its margin
                                                                   Source: Regular reports of the Company                       Business scale




046
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
financing business, the Group continued to deepen customer operation on a classified and stratified basis
and constantly optimized service solutions and service tools to effectively promote customer acquisition
and revenue growth, thus achieving steady growth in business market share; and for its securities lending
business, it fully implemented the requirements of regulatory policies, strengthened the supervision
of customers’ trading behaviors and continuously improved the internal control mechanism, so as to
consolidate the base of compliance. According to the regulatory statement data, as of the end of the
Reporting Period, the balance of margin financing and securities lending business of the Parent Company
was RMB130.107 billion, ranking second in the industry, and the integral maintenance guarantee ratio was
259.50%. The pending repurchase balance of stock pledged repurchase business was RMB16.201 billion in
total, with an average fulfillment guarantee ratio of 235.21%, among which, the pending repurchase balance

                                                                                                                            About Us
of on-balance-sheet business was RMB3.980 billion, with an average fulfillment guarantee ratio of 232.21%;
while the pending repurchase balance of off-balance-sheet business was RMB12.221 billion.

3. Outlook for 2025

For wealth management business, the Group will adhere to the core of “creating value for customers” and
continue to optimize and iterate platform functions and business scenarios to promote empowerment
of its financial capability middle platform and upgrading of its service capability. It will deepen and refine
customer operation capability, actively explore new customer growth models guided by professional


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
content and operation services and leverage on the comprehensive financial services to satisfy the
diversified investment needs of customers and practically enhance customers’ service experience. The



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Group will fully harness its strengths in the entire business chain, deepen the implementation of the
classified and stratified customer service system, strengthen the integrated domestic and overseas
operation model and supporting operation capabilities, build a content service matrix covering the multiple
needs of customers, and take the opportunity of the “Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect” ( 跨
境理財通 ) to actively create a new ecosystem of domestic and overseas wealth management services.
It will actively build a differentiated training and professional certification system throughout the entire
life cycle of investment advisors, aiming to set up a professional investment advisory team for clients. It
will continuously optimize the buyer side investment advisor business model and effectively enhance the




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
effectiveness of wealth management services to provide clients with entire-life-cycle operation companion
services. Taking advantage of the Group’s financial expertise and fintech strength, the Group will seize the
opportunity of AI development to promote the continuous construction of the financial capability middle
platform and in-depth professional empowerment, through which it will effectively identify customers’
needs and match their investment service strategies, continue to build up professional service capabilities
driven by the content platform, and facilitate the operation of wealth management business and service
coverage.

For the financial product sales and the fund investment advisory businesses, the Group will integrate
resources in the entire business chains, actively expand the basic capabilities of its digital platform
and continuously enhance the operation and service system construction of its buyer side investment




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
consultancy business. In this regard, it will continue to explore and push the incubation of “Investment-leading
Officers” ( 領投官 ), expand and upgrade its cross-border product lines, work on building up a full-spectrum
product matrix, and enhance the professional investment research and asset allocation service capabilities




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
of its investment consultants in multiple dimensions, in order to provide customers with diversified solutions
for financial product allocation and intensify customer companion services to improve their investment
experience.

For the capital-based intermediary business, the Group will continue to deepen the integrated securities
and financial ecosystem, optimize differentiated marketing policies and diversified marketing tools, build
up platform service capabilities in a forward-looking manner, enrich the business system and enhance
customer stickiness. For its margin financing business, the Group will continue to refine its customer
transaction services, establish an all-round financing customer service system, keep enhancing customers’
experience with platform services and innovative products, and press ahead institutional financing through
the whole business chain; and for its securities lending business, the Group will continue to strictly adhere
to the compliance bottom line and implement regulatory requirements, so as to maintain the steady




                                                                                                                   047
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          development of its business in a regulated manner.

          (III) Institutional services business

          1. Market environment

          In 2024, most of the major indexes in the domestic stock market showed picking up. The Wind All China
          Index rose by 10.00%, CSI 300 rose by 14.68%, the Shanghai Composite Index rose by 12.67% and the Shenzhen
          Component Index rose by 9.34%; the bond market continued the upward trend amid fluctuations, with
          the CSI Aggregate Bond Index and the China Bond Composite Full-price (Aggregate) Index increased by
          8.82% and 4.98%, respectively. In the face of the new changes in the market environment, with the effective
          implementation of the new guideline on strengthening regulation, forestalling risks and promoting the
          high-quality development of the capital market ( 新 “ 國 九 條 ”) and the “1+N” policy system of the capital
          market, the development and growth of patient capital and the encouraged entering of medium-and long-
          term capital into the market, the ecosystem of capital market development continued to be reshaped.
          The increasingly integrated, differentiated and cross-border clients’ demand has also put forward
          higher requirements on the development of the institutional service business, while at the same time, the
          cooperation and service models between securities companies and various institutions have also been
          changing profoundly. Accurate identification of customers’ demands and provision of full-chain, integrated
          and customized service solutions will become important directions for upgrading the service business of
          institutions to a higher level.

          In 2024, China’s equity financing market experienced an overall decline in its scale. According to the
          statistics from Wind Information, fund raised on the full caliber, including IPOs, additional offering and
          share allotment, totaled RMB312.967 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 69.69%, among
          which, funds raised from IPOs were RMB66.280 billion, representing a year-on year decrease of 81.54%; and
          funds raised from refinancing were RMB246.687 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 63.38%.
          The bond financing market maintained a growth momentum with the total amount of bond issuance
          of RMB79,862.476 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.41%. M&A market transaction activity
          declined, but there has been a significant increase in the number of deals in the pipeline and the first
          disclosure of reconstructing proposals since the fourth quarter. According to the statistics from Zero2IPO
          Research Center private placement department ( 清科研究中心私募通 ), the number of M&A cases in the M&A
          market in China was 2,335, representing a year-
          on-year decrease of 12.02% and the amount of
          transactions was RMB600.090 billion, representing      Changes in scale of stock issuance
          a year-on-year decrease of 39.06%. With the rolling                                         Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          out of the “Sixteen Measures for the Capital Market
                                                                 20,000
          to Serve the High-level Development of Technology                                          17,965.80

          Enterprises” ( 支 持 科 技 十 六 條 ), “Eight Measures on
                                                                                             16,550.17
                                                                                                             15,864.44
                                                                                     14,746.77
                                                                 15,000
          Deepening Reform of the SSE STAR Market to Serve
          Technological Innovation and Development of                     10,292.34                                          10,326.69
          New Productive Forces” ( 科 創 板 八 條 ), “Opinions        10,000

          on Deepening Market Reform through Merger,
          Acquisition and Restructuring of Listed Companies”      5,000
          ( 併購六條 ) and other measures and policies, high-
                                                                                                                                         3,129.67


          quality resources in the market continued to gather         0
          in the field of new productive forces. A securities                 2018      2019      2020      2021      2022      2023       2024

          company will have a more significant competitive           Funds raised from the IPO                     Funds raised from additional offering

          advantage if it could grasp the development logic           Funds raised from share allotment            Funds raised from preferred shares
                                                                      Funds raised from convertible bonds
          of emerging industries and future industries with a
                                                                 Notes:
          global vision, improve the comprehensive service
                                                                 1. Source: Wind;
          system covering the needs of enterprises in their      2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including
          entire life cycle, and promote the improvement of      issuance of shares for purchasing assets), share allotment, preferred
                                                                 shares and convertible bonds;
          both quality and efficiency of the real economy
                                                                 3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.
          and the development of new productive forces.




048
Ch a n g e s i n th e n u m b e r a n d s c a l e of b o n d                                          Changes in the number and amount of M& A                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
issuance                                                                                              cases in China's M&A market
                                          Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                               Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

Total                                                                                                 The
amount of 39,237       43,826      50,262       53,791      47,459       51,041          51,762       number of 2,584       1,833       1,893       2,172        2,536     2,654      2,335
issuance                                                                                              M&A cases

                                                                                     798,624.76
800,000                                                                                               15,000
                                                                        710,476.72
             CAGR                                                                                              12,653.59
                                                                                                                                       12,111.77
             +10.51%                            617,564.32 615,300.85                                 12,000
600,000                            569,120.75
                                                                                                                           10,129.30                            10,124.02 9,847.89
                                                                                                                                                   9,309.57
           438,458.53 451,895.30                                                                       9,000



                                                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
400,000
                                                                                                                                                                                     6,000.90
                                                                                                       6,000

200,000
                                                                                                       3,000


     0                                                                                                     0
            2018       2019         2020         2021       2022         2023            2024                   2018        2019        2020        2021         2022      2023       2024

            Issuance scale                                                                                      The amount of transactions
Notes: 1. Source: Wind                                                                                Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center
2. The statistical scope includes national bonds, local government bonds,



                                                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
central bank bills, interbank deposits, financial bonds, enterprise bonds,
corporate bonds, medium-term notes, short-term financing bonds, targeted
instruments, international agency bonds, government-backed agency
bonds, asset-backed securities, convertible bonds, separable convertible



                                                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
bond deposit, and exchangeable bonds.
3. The statistical caliber of Wind is the date of issue.



2. Operational measures and performance

(1) Investment banking business

During the Reporting Period, aiming to serve the high-quality development of the real economy, the




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Group developed its business with providing support for the self-reliance in advanced technology and
the development of new productive forces as the original and ultimate objectives, focused on high quality
customers to provide domestic and overseas integrated platform-based services covering the entire
business chain, thus enhancing its overall market competitiveness and actively building a first-class
investment banking service system boasting with local strengths and international perspective. In the
evaluation on the quality of securities firms’ practices in investment banking, bond business and financial
advisory businesses in 2024 released by the Securities Association of China, Huatai United Securities was
rated A in terms of each category.

Consolidated data                                                                                                                                                            Currency: RMB

                                                                                  2024                                                                 2023



                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
          Categories of                                                                     Lead underwriting                                                     Lead underwriting
            Issuance                                 Times of lead                                                           Times of lead
                                                                                            amount (in RMB10                                                      amount (in RMB10
                                                underwriting (time)                                                     underwriting (time)
                                                                                                   thousand)                                                             thousand)



                                                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Issue of new shares                                                                  9               853,812.05                                        20                    1,735,477.09

Additional issue of
                                                                                     8               768,133.85                                         31                   3,778,198.31
new shares

Allotment of shares                                                                  –                          –                                           1                  58,536.44

Issue of bonds                                                             2,726                  68,030,238.22                                    2,569                  66,618,500.08

Total                                                                     2,743                   69,652,184.12                                     2,621                    72,190,711.92

Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements, while the statistical caliber is the issuance completion date of the project; preferred
shares are included in the additional newly issued shares; bonds issuance includes treasury bonds, enterprise bonds, corporate bonds (including
exchangeable bonds), convertible bonds, short-term financing bonds and medium-term notes, etc., but it excludes asset-backed securitization
projects.




                                                                                                                                                                                                049
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          ① Equity financing business                                   Changes in amount and ranking of equity lead-
                                                                        underwriting
          During the Reporting Period, the equity financing                                                    Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

          business adhered to the entire business chain                Market
          strategy of focusing on industries, making                   ranking       3         3          3           4          4         4        2
          regional layout and deeply exploring customers,              2,000
                                                                                                                 1,762.47
          maintaining its leading position in terms of
                                                                                                                              1,553.69
          the ranking and market share in the industry.                                           1,475.46
                                                                       1,500      1,384.66
          Focusing on serving new productive forces and                                   1,320.95

          technological innovation, it has completed a
                                                                       1,000                                                             912.99
          number of financing projects with market influence
          and sponsored in 2 of the top 10 IPO projects and
                                                                                                                                                  548.97
          participated in 2 of the top 10 refinancing projects           500
          in the whole market. According to the statistics
          from Wind Information, the Group’s equity lead-
                                                                            0
          underwriting amount (including IPOs, additional                           2018      2019       2020       2021       2022      2023     2024
          offerings, allotment of shares, preferred shares,                                                     amount of equity lead-underwriting
          convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds) was                 Notes:
          RMB54,897 million, ranking second in the industry;            1. Source: Wind;
                                                                        2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including
          its A-share IPO lead-underwriting amount was
                                                                        ancillary financing and placement subscribed with assets), share
          RMB8,538 million, ranking second in the industry; its         allotment, preferred shares and convertible bonds;
          IPO lead-underwriting numbers in the STAR Market              3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical
                                                                        caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date.
          and ChiNext were 3 and 4, respectively, with lead-
                                                                        Therefore, there are differences between the data from Wind and the
          underwriting amounts of RMB2.784 billion and                  statistical data from the Company.
          RMB3.022 billion respectively, both ranking first in
          the industry.

                                                                        Changes in amount and ranking of bond lead-
          ② Bonds financing business                                    underwriting

                                                                                                               Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
          During the Reporting Period, the bonds financing
                                                                                     8          7          5          3          3         3        3
                                                                        Market
          business continuously adhered to serving the                  ranking
          high-quality development of the real economy.                15,000
          On the basis of strict risk control, it fully utilized its                                                                          12,960.48
                                                                                                                                      12,558.54
          full license advantage, actively cultivated core             12,000
          customer groups and maintained its position in                                                                      9,804.02
                                                                                                                   9,311.03
          the industry. The Group actively served national              9,000
          strategies, focused on leading quality clients                            CAGR
                                                                                    +36.05%             5,669.63
          and promoted the issuance of green bonds and                  6,000

          technological innovation bonds, underwriting                                       3,356.47
          a total of 59 green bonds with RMB15.698 billion              3,000     2,043.40

          and 136 technological innovation bonds with
          RMB35.013 billion. According to the statistics from               0
                                                                                    2018      2019       2020       2021       2022      2023     2024
          Wind Information, the Group’s lead-underwriting
                                                                                                                   amount of bond lead-underwriting
          amount of full variety bonds was RMB1,296.048
                                                                        Notes:
          billion, ranking third in the industry. According to the      1. Source: Wind;
          statistics from the Securities Association of China,          2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including
                                                                        ancillary financing and placement subscribed with assets), share
          the actual bidding for local government bonds
                                                                        allotment, preferred shares and convertible bonds;
          won by the Company amounted to RMB34,558                      3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical
          million and the actual binding for areas won by the           caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date.
                                                                        Therefore, there are differences between the data from Wind and the
          Company was 33, both ranking first in the industry.
                                                                        statistical data from the Company.




050
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
③ Financial advisory business

During the Reporting Period, the Group actively kept abreast of policy changes and industry trends,
supported listed companies for quality development and insisted on serving technological innovation
and new productive forces by practically carrying out diversified financial advisory business. The Group
leveraged on its M&A and restructuring business as an opportunity to provide differentiated service to
customers, strengthened its M&A and restructuring business brand and enhanced the stickiness of its quality
customers in the industry. According to the statistics of public information disclosed by listed companies,
the number of auditing restructuring projects disclosed for the first time for which the Group acted as the
independent financial adviser was 4, ranking first in the industry. During the Reporting Period, the Group


                                                                                                                          About Us
continued to lead the innovation of domestic and overseas M&A with its professional ability, completing the
3Peak restructuring project using directional convertible bonds as payment instruments, which was the first
case after the new regulations on directional convertible bonds, and the acquisition of Minsheng Securities
by Guolian Securities, which was the first market-based M&A project among securities companies after the
Central Financial Work Conference. It completed cross-border M&A projects such as the acquisition of a
subsidiary of SK Chemicals in South Korea by Yako Technology, the acquisition of an oil and gas equipment
manufacturer in Singapore by Nanjing Develop Advanced Manufacturing Co., Ltd., empowering Chinese
enterprises to expand into the global market.



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
④ OTC business

During the Reporting Period, the Group actively leveraged on the connection path between the NEEQ and the


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Beijing Stock Exchange, fully displayed the integrated advantage as a large investment bank and continued
to provide technological innovation-based growth enterprises with multi-layered capital market services.
During the Reporting Period, the Group completed four projects listing on the NEEQ, three projects receiving
consent letters for listing and four projects under review for listing. Jiangsu Equity Exchange constantly
strengthened compliance and risk management, continued to build a comprehensive investment and
financing service platform, actively promoted the regional equity market systems and business innovation
pilots, officially set up a special board for “specialized and sophisticated enterprises that produce new and




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
unique products”, and implemented the transfer business of shares of private equity and venture capital.
The business scenarios for stock options were continuously enriched, and the incubation service system for
listing and board transfer was optimized and improved, so were the diversified and comprehensive financial
service capabilities. As of the end of the Reporting Period, 16,948 enterprises have been listed and displayed
(of which 1,226 were on the special board for “specialized and sophisticated enterprises that produce new
and unique products”). It had 82,213 investors of all types, and it raised RMB24.299 billion for enterprises
through financing during the Reporting Period.

(2) Prime brokerage (PB) business

During the Reporting Period, the Group efficiently integrated the resources of the full business chains,
enhanced technology empowerment relying on the digital and platform-based development strategy, gave



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
full play to the data value of underlying assets, and provided the institutional customer base with integrated
and entire-life-cycle comprehensive financial services, with an aim to build up the core competitiveness
based on operation. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 13,159 fund products in custody



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
and the total size of fund in custody reached RMB419.782 billion. We provided administration services to
19,151 fund products (including 1,159 products from Huatai Asset Management), of which the service scale
reached RMB1,190.810 billion (including the business scale of Huatai Asset Management of RMB417.598 billion).
According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ) in the
fourth quarter of 2024, the Group ranked the fourth in the industry in terms of the number of products filed
under the private fund custody business.




                                                                                                                 051
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          C h a n g e s i n th e c u m u l a ti ve n u m b e r o f o n-              Ch a n g e s i n th e cu m u l a ti ve n u m b e r of o n-
          market products and business scale of fund                                 market products and business scale of fund
          custody business                                                           service business
                                           Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                       Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


          Number   2,642     3,678     5,309    7,819   10,154   12,190   13,159    Number    3,465    4,444      6,481      9,958   13,419      16,799      19,151

                                                                                                                                                            11,908.10
         5,000                                                                     12,000
                                                               4,500.01                                                                         10,785.07
                                                       4,184.36        4,197.82                                             9,975.48 9,834.42
                                               3,917.51                            10,000                        9,067.33
         4,000
                                                                                             8,490.65 8,587.61
                                                                                   8,000       CAGR
         3,000                                                                                 +5.80%
                    CAGR             2,458.27
                    +33.76%                                                         6,000
         2,000
                            1,311.89                                                4,000

         1,000     733.05
                                                                                    2,000


             0                                                                         0
                   2018      2019      2020     2021    2022     2023     2024                2018     2019       2020       2021     2022       2023        2024

                   Amount of custody business                                                Amount of service business
          Source: Regular reports of the Company                                    Source: Regular reports of the Company


          (3) Research and institutional sales business

          During the Reporting Period, in terms of research business, the Group firmly promoted the transformation
          of business models and continued to improve the research team allocation and the research service
          system and continuously deepened the cooperation efficiency of the entire business chain. It focused on
          leading institutional customers, deeply tapped into the research value, and carried out multi-dimensional
          research service activities to facilitate the high-quality development of business. The Group adhered to the
          international business strategy, continued to strengthen the construction of overseas service platforms,
          continuously improved the matrix of overseas research series products and reach carriers, effectively
          expanded the service coverage of clients and targets in key overseas regions, and promoted the layout
          of cross-border research services in a multi-dimensional manner. It continuously upgraded and iterated
          the digital platform, constantly consolidated the application of investment and research foundation,
          continued to optimize functions such as intelligent research reports, further improved the production and
          management processes of research reports, continuously enhanced the quality and efficiency of the
          research business and digital operation capabilities, and strove to strengthen the empowerment of the
          research business. The Group has actively carried out various forms of research service activities, including
          releasing 12,311 research reports (including those in English), organizing 56,373 research roadshow services
          and 878 thematic teleconferences, and holding investment strategy summits, investors exchanges and
          other featured and thematic meetings.

          In terms of the institutional sales business, the Group deeply aligned it to the diversified needs of institutional
          investors, continuously enriched institutional service products and contents, and continued to promote
          the construction of institutional investor working platform and trading platform, so as to consolidate an
          integrated and platform-based institutional customer service system in the whole business chain; it
          accelerated the international process by actively broadening its presence in the overseas market, and
          took advantage of team synergy and resource endowment both at home and abroad to continue to
          build up a differentiated competitive advantage. It strove to build the brand power and market influence
          of its business, with its service ranking of leading strategic customers rising against the trend. During the
          Reporting Period, the volume of sub-position transactions for the mutual funds was RMB1,311.732 billion.

          (4) Investment and trading business

          ① Equity trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group actively adapted to changes in the market and regulatory
          environment, continuously iterated and upgraded its multi-level, specialized and multi-strategy investment




052
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
and trading system on absolute gains. With big data trading business, macro-hedging business and
innovative investment business as the core, it constantly improved its platform-based business system
and business model, so as to effectively enhance its professional investment and trading capacity
and risk control capability. The Group actively built a trading-centric business system, constructed and
improved a three-dimensional quantitative monitoring framework of “market + strategy”, and continuously
strengthened the market adaptability and risk-resistant capability of its quantitative strategies, so as to
fully grasp market opportunities. It continued to improve the depth and foresight of its investment research,
further standardized its investment framework system and continued to enhance its core investment
research capabilities. It continued to exploit the field of cutting-edge IT technology to further consolidate
the technological barriers of the platform, constantly optimize the performance of the investment

                                                                                                                           About Us
trading business platform and facilitate the accumulation of investment and research capability and the
improvement of process management. In terms of the market making and trading business, the Group
focused on the updating and iteration of market making and trading strategies and systems, actively
expanded the boundary of market making business, continuously explored business coordination models
and improved risk control systems, thus maintaining sound business operation. As of the end of the
Reporting Period, the Group has filed a total of 126 market-making stocks for the market making of stocks on
the STAR Market and provided market making services for a total of 589 ETF funds and 42 REITs funds for the
market making of listed funds, both ranking among the top in the market.



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
② FICC trading business



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, the Group proactively promoted the construction of a cross-border integrated
platform, upgraded and iterated its transaction service capacity and financial product supply capability,
and continuously empowered its business development to serve the real economy and high-level opening
up. In terms of the fixed-income proprietary investment business, the Group practiced an absolute return
strategy, focused on strategy research and development and upgrading and forging of core trading
and pricing capabilities, and adjusted trading strategies and asset positions in accordance with market
dynamics, so as to continue to stabilize profitability. In terms of market making business, it focused on
building a “systematic, automated and strategic” market making system for spot bonds and obtained




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
the qualification as a preferred quoter in iDeal and an auto market maker in Xbond for spot bonds, with
market making quotation channels increasingly enriched, market marking service boundary expanded
and the scale of market making for major varieties ranking at the forefront of the industry. In terms of bulk
commodity and foreign exchange business, the Group continuously strengthened research on strategies
and transactions, put into practice overseas bond hedging trading business, and constructed the ability
to provide diversified carbon financial products and trading services for both domestic and overseas
markets, with the foundation for diversified development continuously solidified. As for the FICC Elephant
Trading Platform (FICC 大象交易平台 ), the Group actively built an integrated framework featuring research,
model strategy, trading risk control and customer service, with the digital level of strategy research and
development comprehensively upgraded and the FICC trading model reshaped and optimized. According
to the statistics from the Securities Association of China, the scale of credit protection tools created by the



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Group was RMB4,680 million, ranking first in the industry.

③ OTC derivatives trading business




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
During the Reporting Period, the Group adhered to the principle of “aiming at serving the real economy
and being guided by satisfaction of customers’ risk management needs” in conducting its OTC derivatives
trading business, continued to deepen integrated compliance and risk control, emphasized on professional
capacity building, and continued to cultivate its core competencies in hedging transactions, product
design and pricing, and customer service, so as to continuously consolidate the foundation of its main
responsibilities and business. It steadily enhanced its business innovation capability, upgraded and
optimized its product structure, and continuously solidified its transaction advantages. It also effectively
expanded the depth and breadth of its customer coverage, actively explored growth points for transactions
in offshore markets, and provided customers with a full range of derivatives trading services with more
diversified investment and risk management tools. Furthermore, the Group improved its digital and platform-
based service system at a faster pace, actively built its transaction-driven, customer-demand oriented and




                                                                                                                  053
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          platform-enabled core competencies, and facilitated the accumulation, upgrading and transformation of
          its core business competencies. According to the data calibers in the regulatory statement SAC agreement,
          as of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 7,868 income swap transaction business contracts
          with an ongoing size of RMB84.699 billion; the Group had 1,867 OTC option trading business contracts with
          an ongoing size of RMB134.558 billion. During the Reporting Period, the Group issued 2,891 income receipts
          through the China Securities Internet System and OTC market, with a total amount of RMB32.061 billion.

          3. Outlook for 2025

          For investment banking business, based on its profound insights into industries, enterprises and assets, the
          Group will give full play to the traction of the entire business chain and to the role of the Group as a portal for
          quality assets, so as to continuously enhance its core competitive advantages in market-based innovation
          and cross-border integration and synergy, and build up a first-class investment banking service capability
          with international competitiveness. With firm focus on key industries, it will expand the layout of strategic
          emerging industries and future industries, accommodate customers’ domestic and overseas financial
          service needs with full-market and full-cycle services covering all products and business chains, and build
          a globalized industrial network to give effective support to Chinese enterprises in their overseas layout, and
          provide better services to the real economy and the development of new productive forces. In terms of
          equity financing business, the Group will continue to strengthen the strategy of industry focus and regional
          cultivation, actively build quality projects with market influence, and promote the leading market share in
          relevant industries and regions. In terms of bond financing business, the Group will continue to improve its
          value judgement ability to continuously enhance the quality of its projects and improve customer selection
          criteria, focus on quality customers, and strictly control business risks. In terms of the M&A and restructuring
          financial advisory business, the Group will give full play to its business advantages, actively expand its
          license and non-license business, strengthen its business brand by setting up market benchmark cases,
          and enhance the stickiness of industrial quality clients.

          For research and institutional sales business, the Group will focus on the changing needs of key institutional
          clients, continue to increase the breadth and depth of customer coverage, optimize and improve the
          classified and stratified institutional service system that integrates the whole business chain, and continue
          to deepen the platform-based empowerment and systemic division of labor. It will steadily promote its
          international strategy, actively build a global institutional customer network and an internationalized
          institutional product system, and make efforts on building integrated and comprehensive financial service
          capability across on – and off-market and domestic and offshore markets, so as to further enhance its
          industry position and market influence.

          For investment trading business, the Group will continue to build platform-based and systematic investment
          and trading capabilities, improve the customer-oriented business structure and service system, practically
          upgrade and transform toward the orientation of enhancing asset pricing rights and productization of
          trading capabilities and constantly boost the core competitiveness. In terms of equity trading business,
          the Group will continue to be based on the three core business lines of big data trading, macro hedging
          and innovative investment, consolidate the advantageous business barriers, expand new markets, enrich
          new varieties and develop new strategies. It will actively lay out the overseas market, continue to promote
          the construction of systems and platforms to be internationalized and intelligent, and enhance the core
          ability to obtain scaled, diversified and absolute returns. In terms of FICC trading business, the Group will
          continue to practice the cross-border integration strategy, promote the integration of domestic and
          overseas businesses and overall balance sheet planning, actively explore new directions for business
          growth, continue to build an integrated FICC trading platform, and continuously improve the transaction
          pricing capability and investment research capability. In terms of OTC derivatives trading business, the
          Group will strengthen the construction of the digital platform, continue to enhance the professional trading
          and hedging capabilities and full-chain customer service capabilities, continuously optimize the product
          design, actively expand the overseas business, continue to consolidate the competitive advantages of
          differentiation, and provide high-quality services to meet the demands of customers for risk management
          and asset allocation.




054
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(IV) Investment management business

1. Market environment

In recent years, China’s asset management industry has been expanding in its scale, and indexing
investment has been developing rapidly. At the same time, with the further promotion of the reform of
fees for mutual funds, the continuous improvement of the requirements for the standardized operation of
private funds and the full implementation of the personal pension system, the industry has entered into a
new period of high-quality transformation and development, with a new pattern of business development
featuring in-depth competition and cooperation and improved quality and efficiency taking its form at a
faster pace. According to the statistics from Asset Management Association of China ( 中 國 證 券 投 資 基
金業協會 ), as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2024, the total amount of asset management products of                                              About Us
fund management companies and their subsidiaries, securities companies and their subsidiaries, futures
companies and their subsidiaries and private fund management institutions was RMB72.85 trillion, among
which, the amount of mutual funds was RMB32.83 trillion and the amount of private asset management
products of securities companies and their subsidiaries was RMB6.10 trillion. With the arrival of a low-
interest rate era, in order to become a first-class investment institution, we must return to the origin of
asset management services, adhere to the investor-oriented approach and focus on enhancing active
management capabilities, and more importantly, we should provide customers with high-quality product

                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
series with more comprehensive risk-return characteristics and richer categories by optimizing the
product structure, innovating the investment strategies and enhancing the service level, so as to create


                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
differentiated competitive advantages.
                                                                     Changes in the scale of private asset management
Changes in the scale of mutual funds                                 products of the securities companies and their
                                                                     subsidiaries
                                 Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB                                    Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB


35                                                       32.83       15
                                                                             13.36

30                                              27.60




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                25.56   26.03                        12              10.83
        CAGR
25      +16.65%         19.89                                                                 8.55    8.24
                                                                      9
20                                                                                                            6.87
                14.77                                                                                                          6.10
        13.03                                                                                                         5.93
                                                                      6
15

                                                                      3
 5


 0                                                                    0
        2018    2019    2020     2021    2022    2023    2024                2018     2019    2020    2021    2022    2023    2024

         The scale of mutual funds                                            Private asset management business scale
Source: Asset Management Association of China                        Source: Asset Management Association of China




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
In 2024, the private equity market as a whole continued its downward trend, with capital further gathered to
strategic emerging industries and technology enterprises. Meanwhile, with the introduction of policies such
as “Policy Measures to Promote High-quality Development of Venture Capital Investment” ( 創投十七條 ) and



                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
“New Policy on Central Enterprise Venture Capital Fund” ( 央企創投基金新政 ), the “fund-raising, investment,
management and exit” ( 募投管退 ) process continued to circulate. A new market ecosystem of “long-term
capital for long investment” ( 長 錢 長 投 ) is expected to gradually take shape. According to the statistics
from Zero2IPO Research Center private placement department, in 2024, 3,981 new funds were raised in
China’s equity investment market, with a total fundraising amount of RMB1,444.929 billion, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 20.80%; and there were 8,407 investment cases (after eliminating cases with
extreme value) in China’s equity investment market, with a total investment amount of RMB603.647 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.35%. With the increasing improvement of regulatory rules on
private funds, it is more necessary for private equity institutions to uphold long-termism, insist on investing
in companies at an early stage, companies with small size, companies with long-term prospects and
companies with strong technology, cultivate patient capital to sustainably empower enterprises to develop,




                                                                                                                                          055
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          and expand new investment models and create distinctive strengths in supporting the development of new
          productive forces.


          Changes in the number and amount of newly-                                          Changes in the number and amount of investment
          raised funds in China's equity investment market                                    cases in China's equity investment market

                                                Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
          Fund                                                                                The
          raising                                                                             amount of
          amount     3,637        2,710    3,478      6,979   7,061      6,980     3,981      investment10,021      8,234      7,559      12,327     10,650      9,387      8,407
                                                                                              cases

          25,000                                                                              15,000                                     14,228.70
                                                   22,085.19 21,582.55

          20,000                                                      18,244.71               12,000
                      CAGR                                                                             10,788.06
                      +1.37%
                                                                                                                              8,871.49               9,076.79
                                                                                  14,449.29
          15,000    13,317.41                                                                  9,000
                                12,444.04 11,972.14                                                                7,630.94
                                                                                                                                                                6,733.26
                                                                                                                                                                           6,036.47
          10,000                                                                               6,000


           5,000                                                                               3,000


              0                                                                                   0
                     2018        2019      2020       2021    2022       2023      2024                 2018        2019       2020       2021        2022       2023       2024

                     Fundraising amount                                                                 The amount of investment cases
          Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center                          Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center



          2. Operational measures and performance

          (1) Asset management business of securities companies

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, actively
          adapted to changes in the market and regulatory environment. Always adhering to the customer-oriented
          philosophy and the development mission of providing quality service to the real economy, it gave full play
          to the distinctive resource advantages of asset management as a securities company, strengthened the
          differentiated development endowment, and consolidated the platform-based infrastructure capacity.
          Moreover, it highly focused on key business directions, continuously upgraded the service system of
          the whole business chain and satisfied the asset management needs of customers throughout their
          life cycle, so as to foster differentiated core competitiveness. It firmly advanced the platform-based
          and differentiated development strategies on business, made good use of the Group’s advantages in
          customer resources, continuously explored new business growth points and constantly adjusted the
          business structure. In terms of investment asset management business, it actively built an integrated and
          large-scale investment research system, continuously enriched the product layout, and empowered the
          exploration and transformation of customer value in the whole business chain. In terms of investment
          bank asset management business, it deeply exploited internal resources and built-up service capacity
          in collaboration with the whole industry chain to increase the coverage of key clients and promote the
          revitalization of strategic clients’ assets. According to the regulatory statement data, as of the end of the
          Reporting Period, the total asset management scale of Huatai Asset Management was RMB556.267 billion,
          representing a significant increase compared with the end of the previous year. According to statistics from
          Wind Information, during the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management, acting as the program manager,
          issued 154 enterprises’ ABS projects, ranking first in the industry; and the issuance scale was RMB131.971
          billion, ranking second in the industry. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management promoted
          the completion of the issuance and listing of Baowan Logistics REIT and Jianye High-tech Investment REIT
          projects, and by acting as the fund manager and special program manager, it continuously improved its
          ability to provide full-chain services in the REITs business.




056
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Changes in number and ranking of issued                           Changes in scale and ranking of issued
enterprise ABS projects as program manager                        enterprise ABS projects as program manager

                                                                                                    Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


             5      3       4      3       2       2        1                  4        2       4         3        3       3        2
Ranking                                                           Ranking
by number                                                         by scale

200                                                               2,000

                                                                                                       1,671.12
                                                           154
150                               137             141             1,500
                                          130                                 CAGR                              1,305.00         1,319.71
                                                                              +12.86%                                   1,154.29
            CAGR

                                                                                                                                                     About Us
100         +25.19%         84
                                                                  1,000               908.91 931.72
                    73
                                                                             638.58

 50          40                                                    500



  0                                                                   0
            2018   2019    2020   2021   2022     2023     2024               2018    2019     2020      2021     2022    2023     2024

            Number of issuance                                               Issuing scale

Source: Wind                                                      Source: Wind


During the Reporting Period, for asset management business of securities companies, the Group strictly                                            Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
controlled risks and continued to enhance its active investment management capability and client service
capability by continuously developing core competitiveness on platform-based operation and integration.
It actively built scaled and differentiated product systems covering different risk-return characteristics.
For the collective asset management business, a total of 291 collective asset management plans were
under management and the total management scale was RMB63.271 billion. In respect of the single asset
management business, a total of 599 single asset management plans were under management and the
total management scale was RMB156.232 billion. In respect of specialized asset management business, a
total of 269 specialized asset management plans were under management and the total management




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
scale was RMB198.095 billion. In respect of the mutual fund management business, we managed 43 mutual
fund products in total with an aggregated management scale of RMB138.669 billion.


The scale of the securities companies’ asset management business is as follows:
                                                                                                    Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


Business Category                                                                            2024                                  2023

Collective asset management business                                                     632.71                                  534.18

Single asset management business                                                       1,562.32                                  1,307.51




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
Specialized asset management business                                                  1,980.95                                1,954.02

Mutual fund management business                                                        1,386.69                                  959.38




                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements.




                                                                                                                                            057
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Private equity fund management business               Changes in number and amount of private
                                                                    equity fund investment projects
          During the Reporting Period, for the private equity                                       Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
          fund management business, the Group focused
                                                                    Number    59      40      32        36      30      47      37
          on key industry research based on its advantages,
          deeply deployed on key industries, appropriately          30                       28.17
          adjusted the principle of fund allocation, raised                  26.46
                                                                                     23.52
          the standards on the selection of projects and            25

          actively sought diversified withdrawal paths from                                                                    19.64
                                                                    20
                                                                                                                       17.42
          invested enterprises. Meanwhile, it continued
          to explore cooperation opportunities within the           15
                                                                                                       11.62   11.04
          ecosystem, strengthened the partnership with
                                                                    10
          large SOEs, leading enterprises in the industries
          and listed companies to steadily expand the scale          5
          of fund management, increasingly improve the
                                                                     0
          market competitiveness and steer more resource                     2018    2019    2020      2021    2022    2023    2024
          elements towards new productive force. As of the
                                                                             Amount of investment programs
          end of the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold
                                                                    Source: Regular reports of the Company
          Investment and its secondary subsidiaries as
          managers have filed a total of 32 private equity investment funds with the Asset Management Association
          of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ), with a total subscription amount of RMB63.839 billion and a total paid-
          up capital of RMB47.778 billion. During the Reporting Period, the above-mentioned private equity investment
          funds implemented a total of 37 investment projects with a total investment amount of RMB1.964 billion.

          (3) Asset management business of fund companies

          During the Reporting Period, with adherence to equal emphasis on compliance management and business
          development, fund companies under the Group continuously stepped up efforts on product research and
          business innovation, strengthened the forward-looking layout on featured products, constantly deepened
          the whole process service system and fully displayed the advantages in the integration of all businesses
          under the investment and research system to increasingly enhance the comprehensive capabilities on
          cross-cycle and diversified asset allocation and continue to maintain the increase in the total scale of
          assets under management. China Southern Asset Management continuously optimized product layout and
          business system, proactively established value-creating capabilities supported by intelligent and platform-
          based operation. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets under its management amounted to
          RMB2,470.503 billion, among which the asset size of mutual funds business amounted to RMB1,319.381 billion.
          Huatai-PineBridge kept on optimizing its product design and investment strategy, and enriched its product
          categories, with significant growth in the size of index funds. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total
          assets under its management amounted to RMB688.208 billion, among which the asset size of mutual funds
          business amounted to RMB669.186 billion. According to the statistics of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock
          Exchanges, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the scale of the broad-based index fund CSI 300ETF under
          Huatai-PineBridge was RMB359.627 billion, ranking first among all non-monetary ETFs on the Shanghai and
          Shenzhen Stock Exchanges. During the Reporting Period, China Southern Asset Management and Huatai-
          PineBridge were approved to issue the first batch of Saudi ETFs in the PRC to track the FTSE Saudi Arabia
          Index in the form of ETF cross-listing. (The profit or loss from equity investments of China Southern Asset
          Management and Huatai-PineBridge were included under other segments in the segment report)

          (4) Asset management business of futures companies

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, with the objectives
          of maintaining high-quality development and comprehensively enhancing the overall competitiveness
          of its business, continued to improve the effectiveness of compliance, risk control and management, and
          continuously enriched the system of derivative-featured products centered on customers’ needs. It further
          deepened capability of derivatives-featured asset management, accelerated the digital transformation of
          its operation, actively created a new model of business development and effectively met the differentiated




058
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
risk preferences and asset allocation needs of its customers. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai
Futures managed a total of 30 asset management plans which were in the duration period. The total asset
management scale was RMB888,450,600, and the futures equity scale was RMB538,675,800.

(5) Alternative investment business

The Group carried out alternative investment business through its wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai
Innovative Investment. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Innovative Investment fully improved business
synergy and efficiency, focused on the development of FINTECH equity investment and the co-investment
business of the STAR Market, and steadily explored the co-investment business of the ChiNext and the
strategic placement business of the Beijing Stock Exchange according to regulatory policies and the Group’s
business layout. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 38 subsisting investment projects with an              About Us
investment scale of RMB1,778,226,800. The investment attributes mainly include co-investment on the STAR
Market and equity investment.

3. Outlook for 2025

The asset management business of securities companies will continue to rely on the system of the entire
business chain of the Group. The Group will give full play to the genetic advantages as an investment
bank, open up domestic and overseas channels through the whole chain, and actively promote the

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
international expansion of business. Further efforts will be made to strengthen digital application capability
and continuously enhance active management capability. It will reach out to the demand for diversified


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
asset allocation via WeFund, tap into the existing assets with REITs and ABS, and seek for incremental
growth through cross-border business, so as to cultivate differentiated core competitiveness and enlarge
the scale of client assets. Adhering to the “customer-oriented” philosophy and with the investment
asset management and the asset management services on investment banking as drivers, the Group
will provide one-stop and first-class investment products, asset allocation and overall financial service
solutions to empower its customers in their asset management service journey. In respect of the investment
asset management business, it will take into account market analysis as well as the customers’ need to
continuously market the existing products and launch new products, which cover various strategies and




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
cater for various risk appetites. In terms of investment bank asset management business, it will attach
importance to high-quality development, actively seize the new development pattern to upgrade and
transform to high-quality asset allocation.

In respect of the private equity fund management business, the Group will proactively leverage the guiding
effect of patient capital, build a new model of business operation across the board, steadily expand the
scale of fund management and continuously enhance the investment management capability. Attention
will be paid to the research of key sectors and key regions and efforts will be made to strengthen long-term
capital cooperation with large institutions and industrial leaders, expand the layout of strategic emerging
industries, and enhance the capacity of industrial integration and M&A. The Group will improve and optimize
the post-investment management system, continuously strengthen the ability to diversify the withdrawal



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
from investment projects and continuously increase the level of post-investment management.

In respect of the asset management business of fund companies, the Group will continue to strengthen
compliance risk control and management and talent team building. It will upgrade and iterate its digital



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
and intelligent systems and platforms, continue to improve its product layout and investment strategy, and
comprehensively promote the product-led business empowerment system and technology-driven core
competence construction. By continuously optimizing the all-process and refined customer companion
service system, it aims to enhance its core capability in investment research and ability in value creation.

In respect of the asset management business of futures companies, the Group will continue to iterate and
expand the functions of the digital platform, constantly consolidate the core competitiveness of investment
research and operation management, and actively build up derivatives-featured asset management
business. It will also continuously enrich the derivatives-featured products system, steadily push forward
international development, and make efforts to enhance the cross-border trading service capability and
product research capability, so as to guarantee the high-quality development of business.




                                                                                                                 059
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          In respect of the alternative investment business, we will constantly improve the system, mechanism
          and operational process, deepen the construction of the FINTECH ecosystem, and prudently promote the
          development of equity investment, the follow-on investment on the STAR Market, and other new businesses,
          and improve capital usage efficiency and return on assets.

          (V) International business

          1. Market environment

          In 2024, the global economy was experiencing a slow recovery, but featuring with insufficient momentum
          and divergent growth. Meanwhile, scientific and technological innovations represented by artificial
          intelligence were speeding up global industrial revolution, which also gave rise to new opportunities and
          space for development. Thanks to favorable domestic and international policies and optimized market
          mechanism, the performance of the Hong Kong secondary market showed an overall gradual uptick in
          oscillations, with the Hang Seng Index up by 17.67% and the Hang Seng Tech Index up by 18.70%. According
          to the statistics from Wind Information, the turnover in the Hong Kong stock market was HK$24.75 trillion,
          representing a year-on-year increase of 29.31%. The size of funds raised through IPOs in the Hong Kong
          primary market experienced strong growth, while the refinancing scale continued to decline. The funds
          raised through IPOs in the market were HK$88.147 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 90.24%.
          The funds raised upon listing were HK$87.513 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.51%. The US
          secondary market recorded a strong performance with the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P 500 and
          the Nasdaq up by 12.88%, 23.31% and 28.64%, respectively. According to the statistics from Wind Information,
          the turnover in the US stock market was USD111.00 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.54%. The
          US primary market showed vitality and an increasing trend of the financing scale. The size of funds raised
          through IPOs in the market was USD40.811 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 49.66%. The scale
          of additional offerings was USD136.056 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 45.44%.

          In recent years, China kept pacing up the high-level opening up in the capital market. With policy innovation
          and systemic opening up, facilitating reforms of cross-border investment and financing were gradually
          implemented and cross-border interconnection was deepened. Against the backdrop of the profound
          restructuring of the global supply chain and the significant growth in the demand of Chinese enterprises to
          go overseas, the international process of Chinese-funded securities companies has entered a new stage,
          which have gradually built up a financial service network covering the whole world through systemic layout
          and regional cultivation. At present, overseas market has become an important area for Chinese-funded
          securities companies to expand their business presence, secure new growth points and enhance their
          competitive strength, which also puts forward higher requirements for the management and control ability
          of Chinese-funded securities companies in integrated domestic and overseas operations. For a securities
          company that wish to establish a first-class investment bank, it is essential to better serve domestic
          customers in “going global” and overseas customers in “coming to China”, to participate more in the global
          and regional financial markets, and to polish core competence in the practice of international competition.

          2. Operational measures and performance

          During the Reporting Period, as the Group’s holding platform for international business, Huatai International
          fully aligned to the Group’s whole business chain system, adhered to the customer-centric approach,
          consolidated its position as a capital market intermediary, and optimized the cross-border comprehensive
          financial service ecosystem. Relying on the Group’s advantages in platform and digitization, Huatai
          International improved its management level in all aspects and strictly controlled risks; it steadily pushed
          forward international layout and continued to build core competitiveness for medium – and long-term
          development and through cycles, with its influence in the overseas market continued to expand. During
          the Reporting Period, a subsidiary under Huatai International was granted securities trading code from the
          Vietnam Securities Market Regulatory Authority, and Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) registered as a
          lead underwriter in the Tokyo PRO-BOND market. As of the end of the Reporting Period, all financial indicators
          of Huatai International ranked steadily among the top tier of Chinese-funded securities firms in Hong Kong.




060
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(1) Business in Hong Kong

The Group’s business in Hong Kong adhered to its origins as a brokerage firm providing agency service, and
with cross-border business as the starting point, built all-dimensional comprehensive cross-border financial
service platform systems. Despite the volatile market environment, it continued to deepen its business
systems including the equity business platform, fixed-income business platform, wealth management
platform, fund and asset management platform and flagship investment banking business with its
advanced platform strength and effective risk control capabilities, seeing that a number of business lines
leading the industry. For the equity derivatives business, the Group kept upgrading its globalization and all-
asset trading capabilities, which has covered major on-market and OTC asset categories, and actively


                                                                                                                            About Us
explored markets such as Japan, South Korea, France, the Netherlands and Sweden; for the stock sales
and transactions business, the Group focused on one-stop and comprehensive cross-border financial
services on “spot equities + cross-border prime brokerage”, with its long-term fund coverage capability
maintaining at a high level, its RMB-HKD dual-currency counter market making business covering all 24
market making subjects, and its market share in terms of turnover continuing to increase, ranking in the first
tier of the market; for FICC business, it gave full play to its advantages in market foresight and risk control,
led business innovation with customer demand, improved its international layout, and continued to build
a platform-driven business ecosystem model, thus realizing cross-market and cross-variety expansion,
and preliminarily establishing a 24-hour global trading platform that connects Hong Kong, the United


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
States and Singapore; for the wealth management business, the Group continuously improved online and
offline platform-based and integrated operation and strengthened its diversified product sales channels


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
to customers, which has significantly increased the on-market business for high-net-worth customers and
obviously optimized the quality of customer acquisition of the “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) platform, and
it formally launched the “Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect” business, which has strengthened
the effect of cross-border linkage; for the fund business, on one hand, the Group carried out active post-
investment management over the private equity investment business, continued to expand its international
business and deeply explored high-quality potential investment opportunities, and on the other hand, it
continued to push forward business transformation of the asset management business and continuously
improved its active management capability and product design and supply capacity, with a number of




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
fund products launched during the year to effectively meet the diversified investment needs of customers;
for the investment banking business, the Group closely followed the market dynamics, responded to hot
project trends and favorable policies and actively built up core competitiveness through cycles. Based
on internal and external statistics and during the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
sponsored seven Hong Kong IPO projects, ranking third in the market in terms of the number of projects
sponsored.

(2) Huatai Securities (USA)

With the approval of the US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Huatai Securities (USA) obtained the
broker-dealer license in 2019 and obtained qualification for proprietary trading in 2020. It obtained the




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
business qualification for securities trading with institutional investors in Canada in 2021, obtained market
access to major stock exchanges in Europe in 2022 and became an introducing broker for US futures
products in 2023. During the Reporting Period, it was qualified as a broker and dealer for US Treasuries and




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
a limited underwriting member of the Nasdaq Stock Market in the United States. During the Reporting Period,
Huatai Securities (USA) officially launched its FICC business, actively undertook institutional agency business
in Hong Kong area, constantly expanded the variety of products and market channels of FICC trading as an
agency for customers and continuously optimized the cross-border linkage and coordination mechanism,
providing integrated services to global investors. During the Reporting Period, as an underwriter, as a lead
underwriter, Huatai Securities (USA) assisted Haidilao ( 海 底 撈 ) and Pony.ai to successfully land on the US
capital market.

(3) Singapore Subsidiary

Singapore Subsidiary obtained the licenses on capital market services and the waiver of licensing
requirements on wealth management advisory issued by Monetary Authority of Singapore in 2023 and




                                                                                                                   061
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          conducts securities trading and corporate financing businesses in Singapore in compliance with laws and
          regulations. During the Reporting Period, Singapore Subsidiary spared no effort in fulfilling its international
          development strategy, continued to deepen its international layout, and served the high-level opening
          up of finance with a cross-border integrated and comprehensive business system. For equity derivatives
          business, it actively promoted customer access and trading agreement signing and completed the opening
          of several brokerage accounts. Singapore Subsidiary steadily promoted commodity futures market-
          making business for the commodity business, and incorporated a number of Southeast Asian countries,
          including Singapore, as targets for its bond market-making business. For investment banking business, it
          focused on providing comprehensive financial services and was committed to providing overseas investors
          with products and services with Chinese characteristics. For wealth management business, it tapped
          into customers’ needs, actively explored opportunities for cooperation, effectively strengthened brand
          awareness and market influence, and gave support in expanding customer resources.

          3. Outlook for 2025

          The Group will fully embark on a new round of international development, build value creation
          competitiveness as a first-class investment bank, and extend the comprehensive business advantages
          and core competencies accumulated in the domestic market to the international market, so as to
          continue to expand new room for development. Huatai International will keep to its international strategy
          and continue to deepen its global layout. It will constantly tap into customers’ needs, build an integrated
          service system and create one-stop service capability. Moreover, relying on platform-based operation, it
          will effectively improve the synergy and efficiency in the full business chain that covers multiple markets,
          empower business growth with digitization, and strictly control risks in order to increasingly improve market
          competitiveness and the position in the industry.

          For the business in Hong Kong, the Group will continue to consolidate its intermediary positioning in the
          cross-border capital market and provide customers with one-stop financial services. For equity derivatives
          business, the Group will continue to solidify its business strengths, and leverage its expertise to grasp global
          business opportunities and strengthen the levels of customer services; for stock sales and trading business,
          the Group will effectively enhance the breadth and depth of customer coverage, continuously enrich
          diversified products based on customer needs, and continue to rely on the platform-based strategy to
          enhance trading capabilities; for FICC business, the Group will promote domestic and overseas integration
          and build a business ecosystem driven by customer service with market making transaction as the core,
          product services as the carrier and supported by platform-based systems; for wealth management
          business, the Group will continue to improve the platform-based operation and system construction for
          customers, enrich the product trading varieties, establish a customer-centric service ecosystem, and realize
          the domestic and overseas linkage and coverage of customers; for fund business, the Group will continue
          to strictly control risks, implement the fund-based business operation and actively seized global market
          opportunities to constantly improve product system and improve service level; for investment banking
          business, the Group will give full play to the advantages in onshore and offshore integration, expand the
          coverage of customers and projects in key areas and proactively capture opportunities in outbound
          markets such as Southeast Asia.

          Huatai Securities (USA) will actively seize cross-border business opportunities, continuously expand business
          layout, constantly improve the business collaboration capabilities and expand the depth and breadth of the
          coverage over global institutional investors. It will continuously improve stocks and the platform and product
          systems of the FICC cross-border trading for customers as an agent, actively broaden service radiation
          channels and provide all-round services to meet the asset allocation and risk hedging needs of global
          investors.

          Singapore Subsidiary will continue to devote itself to enhancing its brand influence in Southeast Asia. For
          investment banking business, it will further develop the local market, constantly expand the capital market
          in Southeast Asia, and actively promote the development of its business. For wealth management business,
          it will improve and optimize its infrastructure and business team to provide customers with comprehensive
          services, and help realize the appreciation of their investments and the inheritance of their wealth. For
          institutional business, it will comprehensively broaden its business presence, continuously expand the scope




062
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
of commodity trading, and enhance the global trading capabilities of Singapore as a regional center.

(VI) Digital development

1. Digital finance development strategy

Focusing on the technology-based strategic orientation of “building technology as the core competency
of the Company”, the Group thoroughly practices the important mission of “creating value by profession”.
Following the two main lines of internationalization and intelligence, it speeds up the construction of digital
capabilities for international business, works on enhancing the intelligent level of key platforms, continues


                                                                                                                           About Us
to promote the iteration and optimization of business platforms, and continues to consolidate the resilience
of the digital infrastructure, so as to push forward the digital transformation with high quality. The Group
is committed to fully transforming its scientific and technological advantages into the business value by
strengthening its strategic coordination and traction, improving its assessment and governance system,
cultivating talents in key areas, cementing the root for organizational culture, reinforcing its investment in
science and technology innovation, and promoting the in-depth integration of science and technology with
its business.

2. Major measures and performance in digital transformation during the Reporting Period


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, focusing on the four overall targets of digital transformation, namely, to
achieve “client’s success, business innovation, operation optimization and employee empowering”, the


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Group advanced the intelligent enhancement of its business platform in an orderly manner, focused
on empowering the high-quality expansion of its international business, and promoted the Company’s
comprehensive digitalization to a new level.

In terms of “enabling client’s success”, “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) continued to build the middle
platform with financial capabilities, empowered with professional service capabilities in the four areas
of investment research, content, marketing and operation, and improved content operation efficiency
based on AI capabilities in short video production and live streaming by digital characters. The one-stop




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
institutional customer service platform “Xing Zhi” ( 行知 ) released version 5.0, focusing on the core demands
of four types of key customer groups, and continuing to create intelligent, self-service and personalized
platform experience. The Onboarding platform for institutional customers covered the whole process of due
diligence, contract signing and account opening, which has achieved full coverage of the business lines of
headquarters and overseas institutions.

In terms of “business innovation”, focusing on customer value and market trends, the cross-border prime
brokerage platform has created a cross-boundary prime brokerage system that integrates trading,
securities financing and risk control capabilities to meet the diversified trading demands of domestic
and overseas institutional customers in an all-round way; the FICC trading platform has completed the
construction of market-making and customer service capacity with high quality, and preliminarily built a




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
global trading system.

In terms of “operation optimization”, the intelligent investment research platform was upgraded with an
intelligent research report system through the large model, which has empowered the whole chain of



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
investment research to improve quality and efficiency. The core system of the “Investment Banking Cloud”
platform was reshaped, enabling the Group to be the first securities company with a fully self-developed
core system in the investment banking sector. The Group upgraded intelligent audit, intelligent Q&A and
other AI applications to empower business to improve quality and reduce risk. For the risk management
platform, it deepened professional risk quantitative research and management capacity building, and
improved platform-based support for international business risk management.

In terms of “employee empowering”, “AORTA” ( 聊 TA), the intelligent investment consulting platform, focused
on building a classified and stratified customer base operation system and established a supporting team
and platform capability base to improve service quality and coverage; “Qing Cloud” ( 青 雲 ), the sales
management platform for institutional customers, deepened client and employee profiles and continued to
promote integrated sales operations at home and abroad with data as the driving force.




                                                                                                                  063
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VII) Business innovation and its effects on the Company’s business performance,
          future development and risk control

          During the Reporting Period, the Company constantly carried out business innovation activities, promoted
          the innovation of business, products, services and management modes, and constantly improved its
          innovation ability. The development of innovative business is a supplement to the existing product lines and
          business scope, which can effectively release business space, expand client resources and revenue sources,
          enhance profitability, as well as improve customer structure and business model, meet customers’ full and
          diversified business needs, and further enhance brand influence.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve the management mechanism on new
          businesses and the construction of relevant system functions, paid closer attention to the backtracking and
          implementation of control measures, enhanced the identification and assessment of new risk points in the
          course of developing new business, and continuously improved the quality of new business assessment
          and management.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company was granted another qualification of “Cross-boundary Wealth
          Management Connect” business pilot to facilitate cross-border investment by residents of the Guangdong-
          Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. It also obtained market-making qualifications for some commodity
          futures/option varieties on Dalian Commodity Exchange, Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange and Guangzhou
          Futures Exchange to provide liquidity to the market. Based on the risk profile of its business, the Company
          comprehensively identified and evaluated potential business risks and strengthened management and
          control over key links and key risks, establishing a business risk control mechanism. The Company has
          formulated various risk control indicators in accordance with its business characteristics to control risk
          exposure, position limits, etc., and further improved the system construction and control mechanism
          supporting the market-making business, so as to incorporate the new business into the risk management
          system and ensure the smooth operation of the business.

          (VIII) There were no significant changes in the Company’s operation status during
          the Reporting Period and there were no matters that had or expected to have
          significant influence in the future on the Company’s operation during the Reporting
          Period


          II. MAIN OPERATING PERFORMANCE DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          As of December 31, 2024, on a consolidated statements basis, total assets of the Group amounted to
          RMB814,270,494 thousand, representing a year-on-year decrease of 10.08%; total equity attributable to
          shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB191,673,902 thousand, representing a year-on year increase
          of 7.02%; total revenue, other income and gains amounted to RMB54,285,483 thousand, representing a year-
          on-year increase of 3.87%; and profit for the year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to
          RMB15,351,162 thousand, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.40%.




064
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(I) Main businesses analysis
1. Analysis table of the changes in relevant items of the income statement and the cash flow
statement
                                                                              Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                 Amount for                Amount for
                                                 the current          the same period              Change
Item                                                  period               of last year     percentage (%)

Total revenue, other income and
                                                  54,285,483                 52,260,421                   3.87
gains

Total expenses                                  (41,287,096)               (40,640,541)                   1.59             About Us

Profit before income tax                          15,352,340                14,204,664                   8.08

Profit for the year attributable to the
                                                   15,351,162                12,750,633                 20.40
shareholders of the Company

Net cash generated from/(used in)
                                                  34,818,437              (28,475,553)                    N/A
operating activities

Net cash generated from/(used in)
                                                   20,496,121              (6,264,467)                    N/A           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
investing activities

Net cash (used in)/generated from
                                                (59,670,326)                 17,961,792                   N/A
financing activities

Net decrease in cash and cash
                                                 (4,355,768)               (16,778,228)                   N/A
equivalents




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
2. Revenue, other income and gains

As of December 31, 2024, the Group recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB54,285 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 3.87%, in which:

(1) Fee and commission income recorded a year-on-year decrease of 8.88% to RMB17,259 million, accounting
for 31.79%, mainly due to the decrease in income from asset management business, underwriting and
sponsorship business.

(2) Interest income recorded a year-on-year decrease of 7.21% to RMB13,561 million, accounting for 24.98%,
mainly due to the decrease in interest income from margin financing and securities lending.




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
(3) Net investment gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 24.25% to RMB14,501 million, accounting for
26.71%, mainly due to the increase in revenue from the Group’s investment business.

(4) Other income and gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 27.45% to RMB8,964 million, accounting for




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
16.51%, mainly due to the increase in income from sales of bulk commodity of the Group.




                                                                                                                  065
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                    2024                        2023                Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                             Amount          Ratio        Amount         Ratio       Amount            Ratio

          Fee and commission income         17,259,336      31.79%      18,940,982      36.24%     (1,681,646)      (8.88)%

          Interest income                  13,560,994       24.98%      14,615,232      27.97%    (1,054,238)        (7.21)%

          Net investment gains             14,500,758       26.71%      11,670,400      22.33%      2,830,358        24.25%

          Other income and gains            8,964,395        16.51%      7,033,807      13.46%      1,930,588        27.45%

          Total revenue, other income
                                           54,285,483      100.00%      52,260,421     100.00%      2,025,062         3.87%
          and gains



          3. Total expenses

          As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s total expenses were RMB41,287 million, representing a year-on-year
          increase of 1.59%, mainly due to the increase in other operating expenses, in which:

          (1) Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB4,311 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
          of 0.40%, mainly due to the decrease in expenses of asset management business, underwriting and
          sponsorship business.

          (2) Interest expenses amounted to RMB10,856 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 20.54%,
          mainly due to the decrease in interest expenses on placements from banks and other financial institutions.

          (3) Staff costs amounted to RMB10,075 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.50%, mainly due to
          the increase in accrued staff costs of the Group.

          (4) Other expenses mainly include depreciation and amortisation expenses, tax and surcharges as well as
          impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal and other operating expenses.

                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                  2024                         2023                Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                             Amount         Ratio        Amount          Ratio       Amount            Ratio

          Fee and commission
                                           (4,310,977)     10.44%     (4,328,290)       10.65%          17,313      (0.40)%
          expenses

          Interest expenses              (10,856,424)      26.29%     (13,662,909)     33.62%      2,806,485       (20.54)%

          Staff cost                      (10,074,621)     24.40%      (9,371,842)     23.06%       (702,779)         7.50%

          Depreciation and
                                            (1,774,611)     4.30%      (1,856,409)      4.57%          81,798        (4.41)%
          amortization expenses

          Tax and surcharges                 (179,417)      0.43%        (187,664)      0.46%           8,247       (4.39)%

          Other operating expenses        (13,844,777)     33.53%     (11,644,373)     28.65%     (2,200,404)        18.90%

          Impairment losses under
          expected credit loss model,       (246,269)      0.60%          410,946       (1.01)%     (657,215)     (159.93)%
          net of reversal

          Total expenses                 (41,287,096)     100.00%     (40,640,541)     100.00%     (646,555)           1.59%




066
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
4. Analysis of segment revenue, other income and gains and segment expenses

(1) Analysis of segment revenue, other income and gains
                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                            Percentage                 Increase
                                                                      of total segment           or decrease in
                                      Percentage of
                                                            Segment            revenue,             percentage
                         Segment      total segment         revenue,      other income        of total segment
                    revenue, other    revenue, other    other income and gains for the revenue, other income
                      income and        income and and gains for the   same period of and gains as compared

                                                                                                                               About Us
                      gains for the     gains for the same period of           last year to the same period of
Business segment    current period        current(%)        last year                (%)               last year

Wealth
                                                                                               Decrease of 0.77
management              23,808,741             43.86        23,324,795            44.63
                                                                                              percentage point
business

Institutional                                                                                  Decrease of 5.14
                         8,169,556              15.05       10,549,352             20.19
services business                                                                            percentage points



                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Investment
                                                                                               Decrease of 1.53
management               2,659,847              4.90         3,358,823              6.43
                                                                                             percentage points

                                                                                                                             and Strategies
business

International                                                                                  Increase of 8.75
                         18,193,615             33.51        12,941,308            24.76
business                                                                                     percentage points

Others (including                                                                               Decrease of 1.31
                         1,453,724              2.68         2,086,143              3.99
offset)                                                                                      percentage points




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
During the Reporting Period, on a consolidated basis, the Group recorded revenue, other income and gains
of RMB54,285 million in total, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.87%. Among the principal business
segments, segment revenue from wealth management business of the Group increased by RMB484 million
as compared to the same period of last year, while as influenced by the market, segment revenue from
institutional services business and investment management business decreased by RMB2,380 million
and RMB699 million as compared to the same period of last year, respectively, and international business
segment maintained a favorable growth, with revenue increasing by RMB5,252 million as compared to the
same period of last year.

(2) Changes in the scope of consolidation due to changes in shareholding of major subsidiaries
during the Reporting Period



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
For changes in the scope of consolidation due to changes in shareholding of major subsidiaries during the
Reporting Period, please refer to “24. Investments in subsidiaries” of “Notes to the Consolidated Financial




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Statements” in “Annaul Financial Report” of this report.




                                                                                                                      067
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (3) Analysis on segment expenses
                                                                                        Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                            Percentage of
                                                                              Percentage of   Increase or decrease
                                            total segment
                                                                 Segment      total segment in percentage of total
                                  Segment expenses for the expenses for the expenses for the segment expenses as
                           expenses for the         current same period of   same period of compared to the same
          Business segment   current period     period (%)        last year     last year (%)    period of last year

          Wealth                                                                                      Increase of 1.67
          management            (17,586,912)           42.60     (16,634,272)           40.93
                                                                                                   percentage points
          business

          Institutional                                                                             Decrease of 2.09
                                  (7,172,421)          17.37      (7,907,900)            19.46
          services business                                                                        percentage points

          Investment                                                                                 Decrease of 0.20
          management              (1,530,117)            3.71     (1,589,098)             3.91
                                                                                                    percentage point
          business

          International                                                                               Increase of 1.07
                                 (11,260,104)          27.27     (10,648,760)           26.20
          business                                                                                 percentage points

          Others (including                                                                          Decrease of 9.41
                                (3,737,542)             0.09       (3,860,511)           9.50
          offset)                                                                                  percentage points


          In terms of expenses of each business segment as a percentage of total expenses of the Group, expenses
          of wealth management business and international business segments increased by 1.67 percentage points
          and 1.07 percentage points, respectively, and expenses of institutional services business and investment
          management business segments decreased by 2.09 percentage points and 0.20 percentage point,
          respectively.



          5. Information of R&D personnel

          During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to deepen the strategy on digital transformation, firmly
          focused on the technology-based strategic orientation of “building technology as the core competency of
          the Company”, further solidified the construction of technology organizations and constantly established
          scientific and flexible organizational systems and talent development systems, achieving the quality
          development of R&D team. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the R&D personnel of the Group amounted
          to 3,337, representing 19.67% of the total staff of the Group.




068
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the information of R&D personnel of the Group is as follows1:


Number of R&D personnel of the Company                                                                                                  3,337

Percentage of the number of R&D personnel to the
                                                                                                                                        19.67
Company’s total number of employees (%)

                                            Education composition of R&D personnel

Education composition category                                                                   Number of education composition


                                                                                                                                                           About Us
Doctor                                                                                                                                      15

Master                                                                                                                                  1,465

Bachelor                                                                                                                                1,457

Junior college graduate and below                                                                                                          59

                                                Age composition of R&D personnel



                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Age composition category                                                                                 Number of age composition

<30                                                                                                                                      1,031


                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
≥30-<40                                                                                                                                 1,680

≥40-<50                                                                                                                                  234

≥50                                                                                                                                         51




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




1
  Note: Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics of education and age composition do not include
those of employees of corporations in the United States.




                                                                                                                                                  069
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          6. Cash flow

                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                 Amount for the        Amount of         Percentage of
                                             Amount for the       same period         increase or           increase or
          Item                                current period       of last year         decrease          decrease (%)

          Net cash generated from/(used
                                                  34,818,437      (28,475,553)        63,293,990                   N/A
          in) operating activities

          Net cash generated from/(used
                                                  20,496,121       (6,264,467)        26,760,588                   N/A
          in) investing activities

          Net cash (used in)/generated
                                               (59,670,326)          17,961,792       (77,632,118)                 N/A
          from financing activities

          Net decrease in cash and cash
                                                 (4,355,768)       (16,778,228)       12,422,460                   N/A
          equivalents


          During the Reporting Period, the net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of the Group was RMB4,356
          million, in which:

          (1) Net cash generated from operating activities was RMB34,818 million, representing an increase of
          RMB63,294 million as compared to the same period of last year, mainly due to the decrease in financial
          instruments at fair value through profit or loss for the current period.

          (2) Net cash generated from investing activities was RMB20,496 million, representing an increase of
          RMB26,761 million as compared to the same period of last year, mainly due to the increase in the proceeds
          from disposal of financial instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and the increase
          in the proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries for the current period.

          (3) Net cash used in financing activities was RMB59,670 million, representing a decrease of RMB77,632
          million as compared to the same period of last year, mainly due to the decrease in cash received from the
          issuance of long-term bonds for the current period.




070
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
7. Detailed description of significant changes in the Group’s business Category, components or
sources of profit
                                                                                 Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                             Amount for       Amount for
                             the current the same period     Year-on-year
Item                              period      of last year     change (%)                       Principal reason

Total revenue, other                                                         Increase in net investment gains,
                              54,285,483       52,260,421            3.87
income and gains                                                                     other income and gains


                                                                                                                              About Us
                                                                                  Increase in other operating
Total expenses               (41,287,096)    (40,640,541)            1.59
                                                                                                    expenses

                                                                              Increase in total revenue, other
Operating profit               12,998,387       11,619,880           11.86
                                                                                           income and gains

                                                                              Increase in total revenue, other
Profit before income tax       15,352,340      14,204,664            8.08
                                                                                           income and gains

                                                                              Increase in total revenue, other

                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
Profit for the year            15,518,874      13,036,260           19.04
                                                                                           income and gains




                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Among which: profit for
the year attributable                                                         Increase in total revenue, other
                                15,351,162      12,750,633         20.40
to shareholders of the                                                                     income and gains
Company

                           Balance as at     Balance as at
                           the end of the the beginning of   Year-on-year
Item                              period        the period     change (%)                       Principal reason




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Total assets                 814,270,494     905,508,389          (10.08)        Decrease in financial assets

                                                                               Decrease in long-term bonds
Total liabilities            622,376,573      723,290,957         (13.95)     and financial assets sold under
                                                                                     repurchase agreements

Total shareholders’
                              191,893,921      182,217,432           5.31     Realization of profit for the year
equity




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                     071
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position

          1. General description of consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                       As at December 31, 2024   As at December 31, 2023      Increase/decrease
          Item
                                          Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio       Amount            Ratio

          Non-current assets

          Property and equipment          6,489,412     0.80%        6,519,710     0.72%       (30,298)        (0.46)%

          Investment properties              182,131    0.02%         136,284      0.02%         45,847         33.64%

          Goodwill                           51,342      0.01%      3,419,332      0.38%    (3,367,990)       (98.50)%

          Land use rights and other
                                         2,035,899      0.25%       7,515,260      0.83%     (5,479,361)       (72.91)%
          intangible assets

          Interest in associates         21,446,915     2.63%      19,496,027      2.15%       1,950,888         10.01%

          Interest in joint ventures        999,113      0.12%      1,299,405      0.14%      (300,292)        (23.11)%

          Debt investment at
                                        40,854,764      5.02%     45,404,582       5.01%     (4,549,818)      (10.02)%
          amortised cost

          Financial assets held
                                            199,610     0.02%               –          –         199,610              –
          under resale agreements

          Debt instruments at
          fair value through other       5,938,076       0.73%     15,207,952      1.68%    (9,269,876)       (60.95)%
          comprehensive income

          Equity instruments at
          fair value through other         125,860      0.02%         124,506      0.01%           1,354          1.09%
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair
          value through profit or         5,292,149     0.65%       7,952,021      0.88%     (2,659,872)      (33.45)%
          loss

          Refundable deposits            33,451,298      4.11%    40,544,278       4.48%    (7,092,980)        (17.49)%

          Deferred tax assets             1,591,926     0.20%        702,722       0.08%        889,204        126.54%

          Other non-current assets         240,951      0.03%         311,789      0.03%       (70,838)       (22.72)%

          Total non-current assets      118,899,446     14.60%   148,633,868       16.41%   (29,734,422)      (20.01)%

          Current assets

          Accounts receivable            5,587,233      0.69%       9,743,761      1.08%     (4,156,528)      (42.66)%

          Other receivables,
          prepayments and other          2,880,227      0.35%      2,539,985       0.28%        340,242         13.40%
          current assets

          Margin accounts
                                       132,546,005      16.28%     112,341,094     12.41%     20,204,911        17.99%
          receivable

          Debt investment at
                                         6,938,958      0.85%       4,712,230      0.52%      2,226,728         47.25%
          amortised cost




072
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                As at December 31, 2024    As at December 31, 2023      Increase/decrease
Item
                                   Amount         Ratio       Amount         Ratio        Amount        Ratio

Financial assets held
                                  15,028,791      1.85%      12,460,232      1.38%      2,568,559       20.61%
under resale agreements

Debt instruments at
fair value through other           4,197,477     0.52%        1,054,048      0.12%       3,143,429    298.22%
comprehensive income



                                                                                                                          About Us
Financial assets at fair
value through profit or         296,245,608     36.38%      405,127,363     44.74%    (108,881,755)   (26.88)%
loss

Derivative financial assets        9,991,125      1.23%      16,259,881      1.80%     (6,268,756)    (38.55)%

Clearing settlement funds          11,136,758     1.37%       9,129,266       1.01%      2,007,492      21.99%

Cash held on behalf of
                                170,880,569     20.99%      137,210,295      15.15%     33,670,274     24.54%
brokerage clients


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Cash and bank balances           39,521,458      4.85%      46,296,366        5.11%    (6,774,908)    (14.63)%



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Held-for-sale assets                416,839      0.05%                –          –         416,839          –

Total current assets            695,371,048     85.40%      756,874,521    83.59%     (61,503,473)     (8.13)%

Total assets                    814,270,494     100.00%    905,508,389     100.00%    (91,237,895)    (10.08)%

Current liabilities

Short-term bank loans             3,362,980      0.54%        11,478,573     1.59%      (8,115,593)   (70.70)%




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Short-term debt
                                 28,852,939      4.64%      25,475,507       3.52%       3,377,432      13.26%
instruments issued

Placements from other
                                   30,113,661    4.84%      39,536,527       5.47%     (9,422,866)    (23.83)%
financial institutions

Accounts payable to
                                184,586,976     29.66%      144,701,360     20.01%      39,885,616     27.56%
brokerage clients

Employee benefits
                                   4,589,013     0.74%         4,151,439     0.57%         437,574      10.54%
payable




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Other payables and
                                  75,436,419      12.12%    113,884,799     15.75%    (38,448,380)    (33.76)%
accruals




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Contract liabilities                104,692      0.02%          177,500      0.02%        (72,808)    (41.02)%

Current tax liabilities              179,973     0.03%         493,520       0.07%       (313,547)    (63.53)%

Financial assets sold
under repurchase                 121,048,168     19.45%     144,056,149     19.92%    (23,007,981)    (15.97)%
agreements

Financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or           33,474,911     5.38%       43,710,135      6.04%    (10,235,224)    (23.42)%
loss




                                                                                                                 073
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                          As at December 31, 2024    As at December 31, 2023       Increase/decrease
          Item
                                             Amount         Ratio       Amount         Ratio        Amount           Ratio

          Derivative financial
                                            10,943,785      1.76%      16,848,878      2.33%     (5,905,093)      (35.05)%
          liabilities

          Long-term bonds due
                                            41,787,436      6.71%     44,803,489        6.19%     (3,016,053)       (6.73)%
          within one year

          Held-for-sale liabilities            75,402       0.01%                –          –          75,402            –

          Total current liabilities       534,556,355     85.89%      589,317,876      81.48%     (54,761,521)     (9.29)%

          Net current assets               160,814,693          –     167,556,645           –     (6,741,952)      (4.02)%

          Total assets less current
                                           279,714,139          –      316,190,513          –    (36,476,374)      (11.54)%
          liabilities

          Non-current liabilities

          Derivative financial
                                                    –           –          32,763           –        (32,763)     (100.00)%
          liabilities

          Long-term bonds                   73,671,381     11.84%       115,012,512    15.90%      (41,341,131)   (35.94)%

          Long-term bank loans                      –           –        647,052       0.09%       (647,052)      (100.00)%

          Non-current employee
                                             6,116,922     0.98%        6,431,780      0.89%        (314,858)      (4.90)%
          benefits payable

          Deferred tax liabilities            476,548      0.08%        1,960,663      0.27%       (1,484,115)    (75.69)%

          Financial liabilities at fair
          value through profit or            6,973,421       1.12%       8,961,031      1.24%      (1,987,610)     (22.18)%
          loss

          Other payables and
                                              581,946      0.09%         927,280        0.13%      (345,334)      (37.24)%
          accruals

          Total non-current
                                            87,820,218      14.11%    133,973,081      18.52%    (46,152,863)     (34.45)%
          liabilities

          Net assets                       191,893,921          –      182,217,432          –      9,676,489          5.31%

          Shareholders’ equity

          Share capital                     9,027,302      4.70%       9,074,663       4.98%         (47,361)      (0.52)%

          Other equity instruments         28,300,000      14.75%     25,700,000       14.10%      2,600,000         10.12%

          Treasury share                    (100,545)     (0.05)%      (1,064,173)    (0.58)%        963,628      (90.55)%

          Reserves                         105,753,021     55.11%     102,967,146      56.51%      2,785,875          2.71%

          Retained profits                 48,694,124     25.38%       42,430,731     23.29%       6,263,393         14.76%

          Total equity attributable
          to shareholders of the           191,673,902    99.89%      179,108,367     98.29%       12,565,535        7.02%
          Company

          Non-controlling interests           220,019       0.11%       3,109,065        1.71%   (2,889,046)      (92.92)%

          Total shareholders’ equity       191,893,921    100.00%      182,217,432    100.00%      9,676,489          5.31%




074
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As of December 31, 2024, total non-current assets of the Group amounted to RMB118,899 million, representing
a decrease of RMB29,734 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the
decrease in debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, refundable deposits, land
use rights and other intangible assets, debt instruments at amortised cost and goodwill of RMB9,270 million,
RMB7,093 million, RMB5,479 million, RMB4,550 million and RMB3,368 million, respectively. As of December 31,
2024, total non-current liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB87,820 million, representing a decrease of
RMB46,153 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the decrease in long-
term bonds of RMB41,341 million.

As of December 31, 2024, total current assets of the Group amounted to RMB695,371 million, representing


                                                                                                                                 About Us
a decrease of RMB61,503 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the
decrease in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB108,882 million. As of December 31, 2024,
total current liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB534,556 million, representing a decrease of RMB54,762
million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the decrease in other payables
and accruals and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements of RMB38,448 million and RMB23,008
million, respectively.

2. Major restricted assets as of the end of the Reporting Period



                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
As of the end of the Reporting Period, major restricted assets of the Group totaled RMB179,467,651 thousand,
including cash and bank balances, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, debt investment
at amortised cost, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and interest


                                                                                                                               and Strategies
in associates. Except for the above assets, no major assets of the Group were seized, detained, frozen,
mortgaged or pledged so that they could or could not be realized, or could not be used to pay the debts
only under a certain condition. There was no circumstance or arrangement under which the major assets
were occupied, used or benefited or the disposal of them was limited.

3. Contingent liabilities

For contingent liabilities during the Reporting Period, please refer to “58. Outstanding litigations” to the “Notes




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under the “Annual Financial Report” of this report.

4. Description of changes in the measurement of assets measured at fair value and prime
assets

Fair value refers to the price received for selling one asset or the price payable for transferring one liability
by a market participant in an orderly transaction on the measurement date.

When estimating the fair value, the Group considers the characteristics that the market participants
consider when they price the related assets or liabilities on the measurement date (including the asset
status and the limitation on selling or using the assets), and adopts the currently available valuation
techniques that are supported by adequate available data and other information. The main valuation



                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
techniques used include the market approach, income approach and cost approach.




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
The impact of gains and losses of changes in fair value on the Group’s profit during the Reporting Period is
as follows:

                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Item                                                         Impact on profit for 2024   Impact on profit for 2023

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                      (3,901,985)                     7,235,361

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                     28,452                       257,689

Derivative financial instruments                                            (988,058)                   (6,518,537)

Total                                                                      (4,861,591)                      974,513




                                                                                                                        075
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          5. Structure and quality of assets

          As of December 31, 2024, total shareholders’ equity of the Group amounted to RMB191,894 million,
          representing an increase of RMB9,676 million or 5.31% as compared to that as of the end of 2023, which was
          mainly due to the realization of profit retention by the Group during the Reporting Period.

          The asset structure of the Group continued to be optimized and the assets maintained good quality and
          liquidity. As of December 31, 2024, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB814,270 million, representing
          a decrease of RMB91,238 million or 10.08% as compared to the beginning of the year. Specifically, cash
          and bank balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and clearing settlement funds of the Group
          amounted to RMB221,539 million, accounting for 27.21% of the total assets; margin accounts receivable
          amounted to RMB132,546 million, accounting for 16.28% of the total assets; financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss amounted to RMB301,537 million, accounting for 37.03% of the total assets; debt
          instruments at amortised cost, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and
          equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to a total of RMB58,055
          million, accounting for 7.13% of the total assets; property and equipment, investment properties and other
          intangible assets accounted for 1.07% of the total assets. Most of the assets have strong cashability. The
          Group’s assets have strong liquidity and the asset structure is reasonable.

          During the Reporting Period, the Group’s debt-to-assets ratio decreased. As of December 31, 2024, the
          total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB622,377 million, representing a decrease of RMB100,914 million
          or 13.95% as compared to the beginning of the year. The debt-to-assets ratio was 69.53% (excluding
          the impact of customer funds), representing a decrease of 6.52 percentage points as compared to the
          beginning of the year.

          As of December 31, 2024, the Group obtained funds through borrowings and debt financing instruments. As
          of the end of the Reporting Period, the total principal of the placements from other financial institutions of
          the Group amounted to RMB177,788 million. Details are shown as follows:

                                                                                          Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Borrowings and debt financing plans                                                 As of December 31, 2024

          Placement from China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                                                    –

          Placement from other financial institutions                                                           30,113,661

          Short-term borrowings                                                                                3,362,980

          Short-term financing funds payable                                                                  28,852,939

          Long-term borrowings                                                                                           –

          Bonds payable                                                                                        115,458,817

          Total principal                                                                                     177,788,397



          Borrowings and debt financing with a financing maturity of more than one year were RMB115,459 million,
          accounting for 64.94%. Among them, programs with a financing maturity of one to two years were RMB7,674
          million, those with a financing maturity of two to five years were RMB107,755 million, and those with a
          financing maturity of over five years were RMB30 million. Borrowings and debt financing with a financing
          maturity of less than one year were RMB62,330 million, accounting for 35.06%.

          As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s borrowings and debt financing with fixed interest rate were
          RMB177,788 million. In particular, the balance of short-term borrowings was RMB3,363 million with no long-
          term borrowings incurred during the year; the balance of placement from other financial institutions was
          RMB30,114 million; the balance of income receipts with fixed interest rate was RMB15,250 million; the balance
          of corporate bonds was RMB92,051 million; the balance of subordinated debts was RMB14,402 million; and
          the balance of foreign debts was RMB22,609 million.




076
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As of December 31, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB56,033 million, of which
RMB cash and cash equivalents accounted for 72.92%.

As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s short-term bank borrowings included balance of credit borrowings of
RMB2,983 million, and that of pledge borrowings of RMB380 million.

As of December 31, 2024, the Group had no long-term bank borrowings.

6. Analysis of profitability

In 2024, the Group firmly implemented the “two-pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 ) core strategy of wealth management
and institutional services under technology empowerment, and constantly unleashed development
momentum with its operating results improving steadily. Its comprehensive strength soundly ranked in the                          About Us
forefront of the industry.

7. Explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements

For details of the explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements of the Group,
please refer to “24. Investment in Subsidiaries” to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under
the “Annual Financial Report” of this report.



                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
8. Analysis of income tax policy

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s income tax was subject to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the

                                                                                                                                and Strategies
PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and the Enforcement Regulations of Corporate Income Tax Law of the
PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條例》). The calculation and payment methods of the income tax shall
be subject to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issuing the Measures for the
Consolidated Collection of Corporate Income Tax on Trans-regional Business Operations (Announcement
[2012] No. 57 of the State Administration of Taxation) (《國家稅務總局關於印發 < 跨地區經營匯總納稅企業所得稅
徵收管理辦法 > 的公告》( 國家稅務總局公告 [2012]57 號 )). The income tax rate applicable to the Company and
its domestic subsidiaries is 25%. The Company enjoys the preferential policy of calculating and deducting




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
research and development expenses, and the profit tax rate applicable to the Hong Kong subsidiary of the
Company is 16.5%. Other overseas subsidiaries of the Company are subject to income taxes at tax rates
applicable in their jurisdictions.




9. Analysis of financing channels and financing capacity

               The Company, taking into account the market environment and its own demand, carried out financing in
               the domestic through stock exchanges, interbank market, counter market and other markets according to
               relevant policies and regulations. The Company’s short-term financing channels included credit lending,




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Financing      bond repurchasing, short-term corporate bonds, income credential and margin refinancing, etc. The
channels       Company’s medium and long-term financing channels include issuing corporate bonds, subordinated
               bonds and perpetual subordinated bonds, etc. Meanwhile, the Company can also introduce offshore funds
               through the issuance of overseas bonds and medium-term notes as well as bank loans to support the




                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
               business development of the Company.




                                                                                                                         077
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                             The Company has always attached great importance to liquidity management. As for funds management,
                             it adhered to the principle of “full amount concentrated, allocated in a unified way, valued by classification
                             and monitored timely”. In terms of management and development strategies, it paid attention to matching
                             business scale with liabilities. Based on reasonable asset allocation and diversified debt financing, the
                             Company ensured reasonable matching of duration, scale of assets and liabilities and proper liquidity.
                             The Company followed the general principles of comprehensiveness, prudency, predictiveness for
                             liquidity risk management according to the centralized management and stratified prevention and
                             control management model, established a liquidity risk management system based on comprehensive
                             risk management framework, set up and improved the liquidity risk management system in line with the
                             Company’s strategy, and implemented liquidity risk management policy with the preference for “steadiness
                             and safety”. The Company ensured there is no liquidity risk that would cause significant impacts on
                             sustainable operation, so as to fully guarantee the steady and safe development of the business of the
                             Company.
                             To ensure its liquidity safety, the Company has adopted various measures mainly including: 1) constantly
          Liquidity          improving the capital position management, strengthening the daytime liquidity monitoring system, and
          management         enhancing daytime liquidity risk control by keeping abreast of capital usage in business and day-time
          policies and       payment progress in a timely manner, so as to further strengthen liquidity risk prevention and control;
          measures           2) strengthening the management for the matching between durations of assets and liabilities and
                             establishing high-quality current asset reserves, ensuring financing to be more diverse and stable; 3)
                             constantly consolidating the construction of the treasury management platform, and strengthening the
                             capabilities of the information system to identify, measure, monitor and control liquidity risks, in order to
                             ensure that the liquidity risks are measurable, controllable and tolerable; 4) analyzing supervisory indicators
                             of cash flow and liquidity risk under certain stress scenarios to evaluate the tolerance level of the Company
                             for liquidity risks and analyzing the stress test results to constantly improve the Company’s response
                             capacity to liquidity risks; 5) continuously strengthening the management on the liquidity risk of subsidiaries
                             and the vertical management on the liquidity risk of overseas subsidiaries to improve subsidiaries’
                             response capacity to liquidity risks and the Group’s prevention and control of liquidity risks; 6) organizing the
                             formulation, exercise and evaluation of a liquidity risk contingency plan, in order to improve the Company’s
                             emergency capacity for liquidity risks; and 7) improving the liquidity risk reporting system, so as to ensure
                             that the management is able to keep abreast of the Group’s liquidity risk level and management situation.
                             During the Reporting Period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding ratio (NSFR)
                             continued to meet regulatory requirements and maintained enough safe space.

                             The Company has operated in compliance with regulations, enjoyed a sound reputation as well as strong
                             capital strength, profitability and debt repayment ability, maintained good cooperation relationships
                             with commercial banks, and had sufficient bank credit. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total
                             credit line obtained by the Company from commercial banks amounted to approximately RMB720 billion,
                             demonstrating strong short-term and medium-to-long term financing abilities. As of the end of the
                             Reporting Period, after assessment by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the Company
          Analysis of
                             was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive assessment by Shanghai Brilliance,
          financing
                             the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive
          capability
                             assessment by Standard & Poor’s, the long-term credit rating of the Company was BBB+ and the credit
          and financing
                             rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive assessment by Moody’s, the long-term credit rating of the
          strategy
                             Company was Baa1 and the credit rating outlook is stable.
                             The Company carried out and continuously optimized and adjusted its financing planning by taking into
                             account the market environment and its business demands, to ensure the balance of the Company’s
                             assets and liabilities structure and improve the overall efficiency of capital allocation. Meanwhile,
                             the Company maintained the research on the interest rate and exchange rate markets and utilized
                             corresponding financial instruments to avoid risks.

          Contingencies
          and their
          impacts on
                             –
          the financial
          situation of the
          Company




078
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(III) Analysis of industry operation

For details of the analysis of industry operation, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and
Board Report” in this report.

(IV) Analysis of investments

Overall analysis of external equity investments

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s investment in associates amounted to RMB21,447 million,
representing an increase of RMB1,951 million or 10.01% as compared to RMB19,496 million at the beginning of

                                                                                                                               About Us
the period; and the investment in joint ventures amounted to RMB999 million, representing a decrease of
RMB300 million or 23.09% as compared to RMB1,299 million at the beginning of the period. For details of the
overall situation of the Group’s external equity investment, please refer to “25. Interest in associates” and
“26. Interest in joint ventures” to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under the “Annual
Financial Report” in this report.

1. Significant equity investment of the Company

For significant equity investment of the Company, please refer to “24. Investment in Subsidiaries” to the “Notes


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under the “Annual Financial Report” of this report.

2. The Company had no significant non-equity investment

                                                                                                                             and Strategies
3. Financial assets measured at fair value
                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                 The changed
                                                                          Investment            amount of fair
                                Balance at the       Balance at the income during the         value during the




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Item                           end of last year     end of this year  Reporting Period        Reporting Period

Financial assets at fair
                                    413,079,384          301,537,757           12,075,336            (3,901,985)
value through profit or loss

Equity instruments at
fair value through other                124,506              125,860                8,800                    (15)
comprehensive income

Debt instruments at
fair value through other             16,262,000            10,135,553               101,101               91,080
comprehensive income




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Derivative financial
                                       (621,700)          (952,660)             2,249,924             (988,058)
instruments




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
4. There was no major asset restructuring and integration by the Company during the
Reporting Period

(V) Sales of significant assets and equities by the Company during the Reporting
Period

1. Transfer of 20% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange

During the Reporting Period, the Resolution on the Transfer of 20% Equity Interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange
Co., Ltd. was considered and approved at the fourteenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of
the Company. The Company proposed to transfer its 20% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange to




                                                                                                                      079
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金財投資有限公司 ), and authorized the senior management of the
          Company to handle relevant matters involved in this transfer in accordance with laws and regulations.
          After the Reporting Period, Jiangsu Equity Exchange completed the industrial and commercial registration
          modification procedures for equity change. Currently, the Company’s shareholding in Jiangsu Equity
          Exchange, which is a participating subsidiary of the Company, is 32%.

          2. Disposal of the entire equity interests in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., a holding
          subsidiary in the United States

          During the Reporting Period, the Resolution on the Disposal of the Entire Equity Interests in a Holding
          Subsidiary in the United States, AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., by Way of Direct Agreement was
          considered and approved at the ninth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company. The
          Company proposed to dispose of the entire 50,873,799 ordinary shares of AssetMark Financial Holdings,
          Inc. held by Huatai International Investment Holdings Limited, an overseas wholly-owned subsidiary of the
          Company, by way of overall disposal through direct agreement. During the Reporting Period, the Company
          completed the transaction of selling all of its equity interest in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., a holding
          subsidiary in the United States, and the final transaction consideration under the transaction amounted to
          USD1,793,301,400. From September 5, 2024, New York time, the Company ceased to hold any equity interest in
          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.

          (VI) There was no other major disposal, acquisition, replacement or stripping of
          assets, or bankruptcy or reorganization, merger or division, restructuring or other
          similar situations of the Company during the Reporting Period

          (VII) Analysis of Key Subsidiaries




080
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                        Shareholding percentage
      Company name                              of the Company                       Registered capital                         Total assets                  Net assets             Operating revenue                 Total profit                      Net profit

                                                                  100%                          99,748.00                         629,154.58                  449,896.34                      160,105.40               (32,598.32)                     (24,398.92)
      Huatai United Securities
      Co., Ltd.                       Main businesses: securities underwriting and sponsorship (excluding treasury bonds, non-financial corporate debt financing instruments and financial bond underwriting); financial advisory
                                      for securities trading and investment related activities; other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                                                  100%                        260,000.00                         1,040,709.01                 946,549.80                      174,630.38                  113,813.45                      88,150.81
      Huatai Securities
      (Shanghai) Asset
      Management Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: securities asset management; publicly offered securities investment funds management. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the
                                      approval of relevant authorities)

      Huatai International                                        100%            HK$ 10,200,000,002.00                HK$ 148,729,969,900           HK$ 24,215,543,900               HK$ 20,063,144,300        HK$ 7,492,978,700               HK$ 7,164,960,800
      Financial Holdings
      Company Limited                 Main business: holding company

                                                                  100%                        600,000.00                         1,156,248.09                  955,428.11                    (62,071.05)                (79,126.43)                      (58,726.11)
      Huatai Purple Gold
      Investment Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: equity investment, debt investment, other fund investments associated with equity investment and debt investment; investment consulting and investment management for
                                      equity investment and debt investment, and financial consulting. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities)

                                                                  100%                        350,000.00                            418,911.79                379,660.47                          210.64                (17,808.78)                     (12,550.59)

                                      Main businesses: General items: Investment activities with own capital; investment management; hotel management branch operation; fitness and leisure activities branch operation; laundry
      Huatai Innovative               services branch operation; typing and copying service branch operation; parking lot service branch operation; conference and exhibition service branch operation; tourism development
      Investment Co., Ltd.            project planning and consultation branch operation; ticketing agency service branch operation. (Except for items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business activities
                                      shall be carried out on their own in accordance with the business license). Permitted items: accommodation service branch operation; catering service branch operation; food sales branch
                                      operation; high-risk sports (swimming) branch operation. (Items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business activities shall be carried out upon the approval of the relevant
                                      departments, and specific business items shall be subject to the approval documents or permits of the relevant departments)

                                                                  100%                        393,900.00                        6,057,640.16                    509,901.11                    587,920.16                   21,497.77                      15,880.09
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consultancy, asset management and fund sales. (Businesses that need to be approved by
                                      law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities)

                                                                   52%                          20,000.00                           42,719.98                    35,179.77                      2,575.24                 (1,034.64)                         244.83
      Jiangsu Equity Exchange Main businesses: provision of premises, facilities and services for approved listing, registration, custody, trading, financing, settlement, transfer, dividend distribution and pledge of equity
      Co., Ltd.               interests, bonds, assets and related financial products and financial derivatives of unlisted companies, organization and monitoring of trading activities, issuance of market information,
                              trading of listed products in the trading market as an agent, and provision of consultation services for market participants. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out
                              upon the approval of relevant authorities)

                                                                 41.16%                          36,172.00                      1,759,833.55                  1,267,467.81                   752,260.46                  312,388.31                     235,159.93
      China Southern Asset
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the securities regulatory authority under the State Council.

                                                                   49%                          20,000.00                         385,053.74                  227,467.90                      231,333.47                  97,152.84                      72,990.50
      Huatai-PineBridge Fund
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                                                 5.03%                     1,835,132.4463                     395,181,400.00                31,333,859.70                   8,081,500.00               4,126,800.00                    3,325,816.13

                                      Main businesses: deposits taking from the general public; granting short-term, medium-term and long-term loans; handling domestic settlements; handing acceptance and discounting of
                                      negotiable instruments; issuing financial bonds; acting as an agent for the issue, honoring and underwriting of government bonds and underwriting of short-term financing bills; buying and
      Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd.       selling government bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds; engaging in interbank lending; providing letter of credit services and guaranty; acting as an agent for receipts/payments and
                                      insurance business, wealth management, fund sales, precious metal sales, receipts/payments and custody of collective fund trust scheme; provision of safe deposit boxes; handing entrusted
                                      deposits and loans; bank card services; foreign currency deposits; foreign currency loans; foreign exchange remittances; currency exchange; settlement and sales of foreign exchange, acting
                                      as an agent for forward settlement and sales of foreign exchange; international settlement; proprietary trading and agency for trading of foreign exchange; interbank foreign exchange
                                      lending; trading or acting as an agent for trading in foreign currency securities other than stocks; credit investigation, consultation and witness services; online banking, and other services
                                      approved by the banking regulatory bodies and relevant authorities. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities)


      Notes: 1. In January 2025, Jiangsu Equity Exchange completed the industrial and commercial registration modification procedures for equity change. Currently, the Company’s shareholding in Jiangsu Equity Exchange, which is a participating subsidiary of the
      Company, is 32%.

      2. The financial data of the Bank of Jiangsu was extracted from the Announcement by Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. on Preliminary Financial Data for the Year of 2024 disclosed by it.




081
                                         Financial Report and                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                                       About Us                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                                          and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VIII) Structured entities controlled by the Company

          The structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly refer to the asset management plans with the
          Group concurrently serving as the manager or investment advisor and the investor. The Group carries out
          a comprehensive assessment of whether the Group will be significantly affected by variable returns due to
          the return which the Group is entitled to for the shares held by it and its remuneration as the manager or
          investment advisor of the asset management plan, and according to which, determines whether the Group
          is the main responsible party for the asset management plan. As at December 31, 2024, the Group has
          consolidated 55 structured entities with its total assets reaching RMB35,722,533,451.62. The book value of the
          equity of the above consolidated structured entities held by the Group amounted to RMB32,309,061,587.10. In
          2024, the Group did not provide financial assistance to the above structured entities.

          (IX) Other information

          1. Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

          For details of the establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period,
          please refer to “24. Investment in Subsidiaries” to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements” under
          the “Independent Auditor’s Report and Consolidated Financial Statements” of this report.

          2. The establishment and disposal of the Company’s securities branch offices and securities
          branches during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company relocated and renamed 6 securities branch offices, and no
          securities branch offices were newly established or cancelled; 5 securities branch was newly established
          and 27 securities branches were relocated and renamed, and no securities branch was cancelled.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 27 securities branch offices and 248 securities
          branches. For details, please refer to “Appendix II. List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this
          report.


          (1) Relocation and rename of securities branch offices during the Reporting Period

                Name before         Name after
                relocation and      relocation and         Address after relocation                         Issue date
          No.   change of name      change of name         and change of name                               of license

                                                           Units 10D, 10C Block A, Tefang Portman Wealth
                Fujian Branch of    Fujian Branch of
          1                                                Center, No. 81 Zhanhong Road, Siming District, July 31, 2024
                Huatai Securities   Huatai Securities
                                                           Xiamen

                                                           Rooms 2101, 2102, 2103, 2104, Block A, Yinfeng
                Shandong
                                    Shandong Branch        Fortune Plaza, No. 1 West Long’ao Road,          September
          2     Branch of Huatai
                                    of Huatai Securities   Longdong Street, Lixia District, Jinan City,     3, 2024
                Securities
                                                           Shandong Province

                                                       2015, 2016, 2017, 2113, 2114, 2115, 2116, 2117,
                Yangzhou                               2118, 2201, 2202, 2219, 2220, 2221, 2222, 2223,
                                    Yangzhou Branch of                                                      September
          3     Branch of Huatai                       2224, Block 6, Changjian Square, No.276
                                    Huatai Securities                                                       19, 2024
                Securities                             Jinghuacheng Road, Hanjiang District,
                                                       Yangzhou City

                                                           1-1601, Building 6 (previously 9), Area 3,
                Xuzhou Branch of    Xuzhou Branch of       Financial Service Center, Huaihai Economic       November 1,
          4
                Huatai Securities   Huatai Securities      Zone, No. 1 Qinjun Road, Yunlong District,       2024
                                                           Xuzhou City




082
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
      Name before          Name after
      relocation and       relocation and           Address after relocation                          Issue date
No.   change of name       change of name           and change of name                                of license

                           Securities Branch of
      Zhenjiang                                     Rooms 101, 201, 301, Block 1, Huangshan Yaju,
                           Huatai Securities in                                                   November
5     Branch of Huatai                              No. 6 Huangshan South Road, Zhenjiang City,
                           Huangshan South                                                        13, 2024
      Securities                                    Jiangsu Province
                           Road, Zhenjiang

                                                    2505B-2508, 25/F, China Merchants Bank
      Yunnan Branch of Yunnan Branch of                                                               December

                                                                                                                                About Us
6                                                   Tower, No. 1 Chongren Street, Wuhua District,
      Huatai Securities Huatai Securities                                                             26, 2024
                                                    Kunming, Yunnan Province



(2) Newly established securities branches during the Reporting Period

No.    Name of Securities Branches          Address                                        Issue Date of License

                                            Room 3303, Building 2, International Trade
       Securities Branch of Huatai

                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                            Center, No. 1 Hongfu East Road, Dongcheng
1      Securities in Dongguan                                                          January 15, 2024
                                            Street, Dongguan City, Guangdong
       International Trade Center


                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                            Province

                                            Room 1906, No. 1800 Zhongshan East Road,
       Securities Branch of Huatai
                                            Shops No. 223 and No. 225 on Songxia
2      Securities in Zhongshan East                                                        January 22, 2024
                                            Street, Fuming Street, Yinzhou District,
       Road, Ningbo
                                            Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province

       Securities Branch of Huatai
                                            Unit 02, inside 501, 5/F, No. 77, Jianguo Road,
3      Securities in Jianguo Road,                                                          April 25, 2024




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                            Chaoyang District, Beijing
       Beijing

       Securities Branch of Huatai          1-2/F, Nos. 656, 658, 660, Qingyun Street,
4      Securities in Qingyun Street,        Choucheng Street, Yiwu City, Zhejiang          July 3, 2024
       Yiwu                                 Province

       Securities Branch of Huatai
                                            Room 101, 1/F Lobby, No. 12 Dongfang Road,
5      Securities in Binjiang Avenue,                                                      December 3, 2024
                                            China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
       Pudong New District, Shanghai




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
(3) Relocation and rename of securities branches during the Reporting Period


    Name before relocation             Name after relocation         Address after relocation             Issue date



                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
No. and change of name                 and change of name            and change of name                   of license

                                                                     18/F, Xindi City, CapitaMall,
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai        No. 64 West Section of South
                                                                                                          January 8,
1     Securities in Wenyi North   Securities in Zhuque Street,       Second Ring Road, Yanta
                                                                                                          2024
      Road, Xi’an                 Xi’an                              District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi
                                                                     Province

                                                                     No. 218-13, Zhenzhu North
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                     Road, Economic Development           January 9,
2     Securities in Zhenzhu South Securities in Zhenzhu North
                                                                     Zone, Lishui District, Nanjing       2024
      Road, Lishui                Road, Lishui
                                                                     City, Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                       083
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name before relocation         Name after relocation           Address after relocation           Issue date
          No. and change of name             and change of name              and change of name                 of license

                                                                             6-2001, 2002, 2019, 2020,
                                           Securities Branch of Huatai
               Securities Branch of Huatai                                   2021, 2022, 2023, 2024, 20/
                                           Securities in Changjian                                              January 9,
          3    Securities in Wenchang                                        F, Changjian Center, No. 364
                                           Center, Museum Road,                                                 2024
               West Road, Yangzhou                                           Museum Road, Hanjiang
                                           Yangzhou
                                                                             District, Yangzhou City

                                                                             Rooms 1818, 1819, 1820, Building
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai       4, Wanxiang Ruicheng, No.
                                                                                                                January 12,
          4    Securities in Wulipai,      Securities in Yueyang             219 Yueyang Avenue West,
                                                                                                                2024
               Yueyang                     Avenue, Yueyang                   Yueyanglou District, Yueyang
                                                                             City

                                                                             No. 1, 1-2/F, Orient Restaurant,
               Securities Branch of Huatai                                   West Area of Tuanjie
                                           Securities Branch of Huatai
               Securities in Xinhua East                                     Community, Xinhua East             February 1,
          5                                Securities in Xinhua East
               Street, Saihan District,                                      Street, Yingxin Road, Xincheng     2024
                                           Street, Hohhot
               Hohhot                                                        District, Hohhot City, Inner
                                                                             Mongolia Autonomous Region

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai       1-2/F, Building 1, No. 36 Taiping
                                                                                                               February 1,
          6    Securities in Taiping South Securities in Taiping South       South Road, Chengxiang Town,
                                                                                                               2024
               Road, Taicang               Road, Taicang                     Taicang City

               Securities Branch of Huatai                                   Room 101, Block 1, No. 3
                                           Securities Branch of Huatai
               Securities in Chengde                                         Fuyu Road, Economic and            February 1,
          7                                Securities in Fuyu Road,
               North Road, Huaiyin,                                          Technological Development          2024
                                           Huai’an
               Huai’an                                                       Zone, Huai’an

                                                                             Units 201, 202, 203, 204, 205,
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             No. 561 Yuncheng East Road,        February 2,
          8    Securities in Yuncheng      Securities in Yuncheng East
                                                                             Baiyun District, Guangzhou         2024
               West Road, Guangzhou        Road, Guangzhou
                                                                             City

                                                                             1-15, 3-29, 3-30, 3-31, 3-32,
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             3-33, 3-34 of No. 230, Liuting     April 16,
          9    Securities in Liuting Street, Securities in Liuting Street,
                                                                             Street, Haishu District, Ningbo    2024
               Ningbo                        Ningbo
                                                                             City, Zhejiang Province

                                                                             Room 1906, No. 1800
                                                                             Zhongshan East Road, Shops
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             No. 223 and No. 225 on             April 17,
          10   Securities in Zhongshan     Securities in Zhongshan
                                                                             Songxia Street, Fuming Street,     2024
               East Road, Ningbo           East Road
                                                                             Yinzhou District, Ningbo City,
                                                                             Zhejiang Province

                                                                             2# Hotel of Peace International
                                                                             Hotel, Rooms 107, 803 and
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                             804 of Office Building, No. 69,  April 22,
          11   Securities in Supu Road,    Securities in Yanjiang North
                                                                             Yanjiang North Road, Donghu 2024
               Nanchang                    Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                             District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi
                                                                             Province




084
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024

    Name before relocation          Name after relocation         Address after relocation        Issue date
No. and change of name              and change of name            and change of name              of license

                                                                  (0300) No. 23, Guangrong
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  Street, Heping District,        April 22,
12   Securities in Guangrong     Securities in Guangrong
                                                                  Shenyang City, Liaoning         2024
     Street, Shenyang            Street, Shenyang
                                                                  Province

                                                                  Units 02/03/04-1, 13/F above
                                                                  ground, Building 9, Huanglong
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai

                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                                  International Center, No.77   April 23,
13   Securities in Qiushi Road,  Securities in Xueyuan Road,
                                                                  Xueyuan Road, Cuiyuan Street, 2024
     Hangzhou                    Hangzhou
                                                                  Xihu District, Hangzhou City,
                                                                  Zhejiang Province

                                                                  Block 1, Wall Street, No.
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  115 Hanjiang North Road,        May 20,
14   Securities in Changhong     Securities in Hanjiang North
                                                                  Fancheng District, Xiangyang    2024
     North Road, Xiangyang       Road, Xiangyang
                                                                  City, Hubei Province


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                  Area A of Ground Floor and
     Securities Branch of           Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  Area B of Second Floor, Nos.

                                                                                                                         and Strategies
     Huatai Securities in Xianxia   Securities in Rushan Road,                                    June 7,
15                                                                229, 231, Rushan Road, China
     Road, Changning District,      Pudong New District,                                          2024
                                                                  (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade
     Shanghai                       Shanghai
                                                                  Zone

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      04, 05, 06, 25/F, No. 13
16   Securities in Huanshi East  Securities in Haizhu Plaza,      Qiaoguang West Road, Yuexiu     July 17, 2024
     Road, Guangzhou             Guangzhou                        District, Guangzhou City




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      No. 628 Zhouzhuang West
                                                                                                  July 22,
17   Securities in West Avenue,  Securities in West Avenue,       Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,
                                                                                                  2024
     Zhouzhuang Town, Jiangyin Zhouzhuang Town, Jiangyin          Jiangyin City

                                                                  Southeast Corner, 1/F,
                                                                  Building 2, Business Service
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  Center, New Economic and       August 26,
18   Securities in Renmin East   Securities in Suihe North
                                                                  Technology Park, No. 223 Suihe 2024
     Road, Suining, Xuzhou       Road, Suining, Xuzhou
                                                                  North Road, Suining County,
                                                                  Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                                  Room 801, Block 2, Yuanjing
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  Center, Baiyun Street, Jiaojiang September
19   Securities in Zhongxin      Securities in Zhongxin
                                                                  District, Taizhou City, Zhejiang 3, 2024
     Avenue, Taizhou             Avenue, Taizhou
                                                                  Province



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                                                                  Nos. 1401 and 04 (self-
                                                                  numbered), 14/F, Block 1, No.
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  588 Middle Section of Tianfu     September
20   Securities in Tianfu Avenue, Securities in Tianfu Avenue,
                                                                  Avenue, Hitech Zone, Chengdu 11, 2024
     Chengdu                      Chengdu
                                                                  City, China (Sichuan) Pilot Free
                                                                  Trade Zone

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai      101, Block A3, Financial Business
                                                                                                    November 1,
21   Securities in Middle Renmin Securities in Fuyang Road,       District, No. 2 Fuyang Road,
                                                                                                    2024
     Road, Jingjiang             Jingjiang                        Jingjiang City




                                                                                                                  085
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name before relocation        Name after relocation         Address after relocation          Issue date
          No. and change of name            and change of name            and change of name                of license

                                                                          1-104, Building 6 (previously
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    9), Area 3, Financial Service
                                                                                                            November 1,
          22   Securities in Heping Road,  Securities in Qinjun Road,     Center, Huaihai Economic
                                                                                                            2024
               Xuzhou                      Xuzhou                         Zone, No. 1 Qinjun Road,
                                                                          Yunlong District, Xuzhou City

                                                                        Rooms 01, 02 & 03-1, 13/
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai F, Exchange Square, No. 40
                                                                                                            November
          23   Securities in Lianhe Road,  Securities in Gangxing Road, Gangxing Road, Zhongshan
                                                                                                            26, 2024
               Dalian                      Dalian                       District, Dalian City, Liaoning
                                                                        Province

                                                                          Units 2803, 2804, 2805, 2806,
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                          Building 1, No. 118, Feihong      December
          24   Securities in Guobin Road,  Securities in Feihong Road,
                                                                          Road, Hongkou District,           13, 2024
               Yangpu District, Shanghai   Hongkou District, Shanghai
                                                                          Shanghai

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai    102-2, 103-2, Building 1, Huiye
                                                                                                            December
          25   Securities in Yongle Road,  Securities in Hefeng Road,     Business Plaza, No. 32 Hefeng
                                                                                                            25, 2024
               Wuxi                        Wuxi                           Road, Xinwu District, Wuxi City

                                                                        Nos. 02, 03, 05, 10, 37/F (42/F
                                                                        of elevator), Block T1, and Part
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai Shop No. 7, 1/F, Block T3, Phase
                                                                                                            December
          26   Securities in Wuluo Road,   Securities in Zhongbei Road, II of Changchenghui, No. 9
                                                                                                            25, 2024
               Wuhan                       Wuhan                        Zhongbei Road, Wuchang
                                                                        District, Wuhan City, Hubei
                                                                        Province

                                                                          Rooms 0101 & 0102, 1/F, and
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                          Room 0501, 5/F (actually 4/F),    December
          27   Securities in Huanghe       Securities in Longqi Road,
                                                                          Block 1, No. 158, Longqi Road,    31, 2024
               Road, Shanghai              Xuhui District, Shanghai
                                                                          Xuhui District, Shanghai



          3. Standardization of accounts such as unqualified accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
          disposal accounts, and pure fund accounts

          As of December 31, 2024, the Company had 3,929 unqualified securities accounts, 3,744 judicially frozen
          securities accounts, 82,229 risk disposal securities accounts, and 753,972 pure capital accounts.

          Account standardization has reached the following quality standards: (1) Except for restricted use of
          dormant securities accounts, remaining unqualified securities accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
          disposal accounts, etc., the accounts engaging in normal trading activities are all qualified accounts. (2)
          Regular comparison of funds and securities account information was made to verify the consistency of key
          information such as customer names and numbers to prevent the addition of unqualified accounts. Key
          information inconsistencies due to special circumstances such as differences in information rules between
          the depository bank and the registered company or unusual word processing have been explained on a
          case-by-case basis.

          Relevant measures for long-term and standardized management of accounts: (1) The daily management
          of accounts was strengthened and the real-name system requirements for account business were
          strictly implemented. Through face recognition technology, combined with ID card readers, public security




086
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
network verification, mobile phone number verification by relevant operator, the Group has strengthened
investor identity information identification, continued to innovate account management measures and
improve standard long-term management mechanisms of accounts. (2) Based on the construction of the
Company’s comprehensive account management system, the Group has solidified the service support
capabilities of its operation stack. The Group continuously optimized its integrated management platform of
customers’ basic information and its integrated agreement management platform, upgraded customers’
file management system, strengthened the management of business handling files of customer accounts
through Internet channels, and continued to do its best in the physical and electronic management of
customer account business files.



                                                                                                                           About Us
III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

(I) Competition landscape and trend of the industry

At present, China is facing global changes interwoven with a new round of technological revolution,
industrial reshaping and economic transition, while the transformation of old growth divers of the
macro economy and industrial development into new ones is speeding up. With the release of the new


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
guideline on strengthening regulation, forestalling risks and promoting the high-quality development of
the capital market ( 新 “ 國九條 ”) and the “1+N” policy system, the capital market has entered a new stage



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
of comprehensive deepening of reform, accelerating high-quality development on the basis of strong
supervision and risk prevention. The key role and pivotal function of the capital market will become more
prominent in promoting the development of new productive forces, supporting the construction of a
modernized industrial system and serving the high-quality development of the real economy, and the
securities industry will usher in a new round of opportunities for transformation and development. At the
same time, there are multiple complexities and uncertainties in global economic performance and financial
market development, which will also bring new challenges to the development of the securities industry.

First, a new round of reform and opening-up in the capital market will push the securities industry into a new




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
stage of high-quality development. The new guideline on strengthening regulation, forestalling risks and
promoting the high-quality development of the capital market ( 新 “ 國九條 ”) outlines the reform blueprint,
the meeting of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee proposes to “vigorously boost the capital
market”, and the central bank introduces two innovative monetary policy tools and a series of other key
policies, which will effectively solidify the institutional foundation for the long-term healthy development
of the capital market, and promote a positive cycle of “capital-investment-assets”. In the process of
accelerating the reform and opening-up in the capital market and deepening comprehensive reform in
investment and financing in the capital market, the high-quality development of the securities industry has
accelerated and expanded in depth, and the financial functions of the “service provider” for direct financing,
the “gatekeeper” for the capital market, and the “manager” of social wealth will be more fully utilized. Guided




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
by the policies of differentiated and classified supervision, including building first-class investment banks
and investment institutions, and optimizing the calculation of risk control indexes of securities companies,
high-quality securities companies will embrace an effectively expanded room for capital, whose efficiency




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
of capital utilization will be significantly enhanced, and such companies will become better and stronger
through business innovation, organization innovation, M&As and reorganization, etc.; small and medium-
sized securities companies will rely on their own resource endowments and professional capabilities to
achieve specialized and differentiated development.

Second, the transformation and upgrading of business models has placed higher demands on the
core professional competence of the securities industry. Under new policies and market environment,
the underlying logic of the capital market and the development of the securities industry is undergoing
profound changes. It is more important for securities companies to adhere to the customer-oriented
philosophy, deeply cultivate the differentiated and diversified needs of customers, continue to make efforts
in optimizing and upgrading the business and service models as well as improving and polishing the core
competencies, and strive to promote transformation in several aspects: in terms of enterprise customer




                                                                                                                  087
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          services, based on the logic of industrial development, securities companies should enhance their insights
          into underlying assets, build multi-product and multi-market comprehensive service capability systems
          around the objective needs of the entire lifecycle of enterprises, and help enterprises to grow and expand; in
          terms of institutional customer services, securities companies should fully integrate their business resources,
          enhance their investment research and pricing capabilities, and more fully satisfy the needs of institutional
          investors for comprehensive financial services; in terms of wealth customer services, securities companies
          should continue to strengthen their buyer-side investment advisory business models and provide more
          professional and high-quality trading and asset allocation services, so as to create professional values in
          different cycles for their customers. On this basis, a more balanced business structure and stronger risk
          prevention capabilities will become the cornerstone for the stable development of securities companies.

          Third, technology empowerment and digital transformation will facilitate the reform of the development
          model of the securities industry. Digital transformation has become a core driver for reforms in the
          operation, service and business models of brokers. Currently, the accelerated development of artificial
          intelligence technology represented by generative AI is reshaping the service model and underlying logic of
          the securities industry. The securities industry is entering a new era in which technology empowers profound
          changes in business development and management operations. Against the backdrop of continuous
          enrichment and popularization of artificial intelligence and other new technological application scenarios,
          the promotion of comprehensive digitization and greater intelligence of the front, middle and back ends
          with data elements as the underlying driver will bring about an all-round reshaping of the upgrading
          of business models, innovation of business models and enhancement of management efficiencies for
          securities companies. Digital transformation has become an irreversible trend in the securities industry.
          Promoting the in-depth integration of technology with business development will become an important tool
          for securities companies to enhance their value creation and market competitiveness.

          Fourth, enhanced international deployment and expansion will open up new development opportunities
          for the securities industry. In recent years, with the development and transformation of China’s economy,
          Chinese enterprises are accelerating their overseas deployment and actively promoting global capital
          operations, and the global asset allocation for residents’ wealth and institutional investors has also become
          a major trend, resulting in the continuous growth of customers’ demand for cross-border investment and
          financing. At the same time, the policy efforts for high-level financial openness are increasing, the two-
          way opening of markets, products and institutions is continuously advancing, and a number of policies
          and initiatives, such as the improvement and deepening of the interconnection mechanism of the capital
          market and the implementation of the “Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect” pilot, have been
          successively introduced, all of which provide favorable conditions for the deepening of the cross-border
          business development and the international deployment of securities companies. Putting more effort into
          the development and deployment of overseas business and continuously enhancing core capabilities
          when participating in international market competition have become the inevitable direction and important
          choice for building a first-class investment bank.

          (II) The Company’s development strategy

          1. Strategic vision: Striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and
          global influence.

          2. Service philosophy: Being customer-oriented, and upholding “One Customer” internally and “One Huatai”
          externally, to be accountable to all clients, shareholders, staff and society to achieve harmony and unity.

          3. Strategic orientation: By adhering to the development philosophy of serving the country and people as
          a financial institution and the idea of customer orientation, focusing on its principal business of capital
          market services, the Group adheres to the right path and seeks for innovation, pursuing advancement in the
          course of revolution, and devoting efforts to creating a brand-new business model of two-pronged, cross-
          border linkage and ecological interaction of wealth management and institutional services with technology
          empowerment; enhancing platform-based, integrated and international development; implementing
          a differentiated competitive tactic of “investment banking gene + full business chain” to build core
          competitiveness of future-oriented and cycle-spanning digital and intelligent development and develop




088
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
significant leading edge and brand influence in key customer groups, key industries and key regions with
an commitment to being a pioneer of industry reform and innovation and a promoter of sustainable
development; maintaining its industry-leading position in terms of quality development, better performing
the strategic responsibilities to serve the quality development of the real economy and finance, facilitate
the construction of modern industry system and create professional an social value.

(III) Business operation plan

Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” in this report.

(IV) The Company’s capital needs to sustain the current business and complete the
ongoing investment projects                                                                                              About Us

During the Reporting Period, all businesses of the Company were carried out in an orderly manner. Due to
its business nature as a securities company, the Company has a huge capital demand, which changes
with market fluctuations. The Company continuously enhances capital management, improves efficiency in
resources allocation, constantly diversifies financing varieties, expands financing channels and reasonably
arranges financing maturity to guarantee the capital needs for various businesses. As of the end of the
Reporting Period, the total balance of onshore and offshore long-term and short-term borrowings, bonds


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
payable, short term financing funds payable, placement from other financial institutions and financial assets
sold under repurchase agreements of the Company was RMB298.837 billion. The Company will continue to


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
enhance onshore and offshore capital management and select appropriate financing instruments to raise
funds based on the needs in business development. It will continue to explore new financing varieties and
methods, improve the financing capability and optimize the capital structure of the Company to guarantee
the fund demand for business development.

(V) Potential risks

1. Overview of risk management




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
The Company attached great importance to risk management. According to regulatory requirements
and the actual situation of business development, the Company established a relatively comprehensive
overall risk management system based on the core concepts of full staff engagement, full coverage
and full penetration. The Company has a solid and effective risk management framework with clearly
defined responsibilities and staff at all levels performing their duties effectively; the Company worked
out a risk appetite and tolerance system, which is organically integrated with the development strategy,
and established a multi-level comprehensive risk management system covering all aspects of business
operation and management; in addition, the Company vigorously promoted the construction of group-
wide risk-management technology system and established centralized, time-based, quantitative and
penetrable pillars for risk management technologies, to improve the effectiveness of risk management



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
of the Group and further strengthen the Group’s overall risk identification, quantitative evaluation and risk
control capabilities. The Company incorporated its subsidiaries into the overall risk management system of
the Group and explored the construction of an effective risk management model for subsidiaries. The overall




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
risk management system of the Company ran effectively, which earnestly guaranteed the continuous and
healthy development of various businesses of the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Company focused on the eternal theme of risk prevention and control, and
comprehensively promoted various risk management efforts under the guidance of its internationalization
strategy. The Company insisted on focusing on key businesses and high-risk areas, strengthened the
effectiveness of the implementation of key risk control measures, built risk management capabilities that
go deep into the essence of the business, and enhanced the foresight capabilities in risk identification and
prevention and mitigation, so as to safeguard the high-quality and smooth development of its business. The
Company continued to consolidate and improve its risk management system and mechanisms, enhanced
its risk management and control capability in the whole business process, deepened the capital-intensive
orientation, strengthened the traction of risk management assessment, and promoted the risk culture of




                                                                                                                089
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          moving forward with steady progress. The Company integrated the strength of science and technology,
          comprehensively upgraded its risk management platform, further built a risk measurement capability base,
          and enhanced its ability to monitor and accurately measure risks in a forward-looking manner.


          2. Risk management structure



                                                                Board of Directors

                                                                                                          Supervisory
                                                                                                          Committee

               Chief Risk Officer                             Senior Management




                                                                       Other
                Risk         Capital    Information     Strategic   Professional        Other         All            All
             Management     Operation   Technology    Development       Risk
                                                                                     Departments   Branches      Subsidiaries
             Department    Department   Department    Department    Management
                                                                    Department




          The risk management organizational structure of the Company covers five major parts: the Board and
          Compliance and Risk Management Committee; Supervisory Committee; the Senior Management; Risk
          Management Department and other risk management departments; other departments, branches and
          subsidiaries.

          The Board is ultimately responsible for overall risk management and is responsible for reviewing and
          approving the basic system relating to the overall risk management of the Company, approving the risk
          appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company, and reviewing periodic risk assessment
          reports of the Company. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee is set up by the Board to
          undertake risk management responsibilities including reviewing and making recommendations on overall
          risk management targets and fundamental policies; evaluating and making recommendations on the risks
          of major decisions which require the Board’s review, as well as the solutions to these risks; reviewing and
          making recommendations on risk assessment reports which require the Board’s review. The Supervisory
          Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising overall risk management, supervising and
          inspecting the Board and the senior management on the performance of their duties of risk management,
          and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorization and approval of the Board and
          the operation objectives of the Company, the senior management is specifically responsible for the
          implementation of risk management and assumes the primary responsibility for overall risk management.
          The chief risk officer of the Company is responsible for leading the overall risk management of the
          Company.

          The Company appoints the risk management department to perform the overall risk management duties
          and take the lead in managing the market risk, credit risk and operational risk of the Company; appoints
          the capital operation department to take the lead in managing the liquidity risk of the Company; appoints
          the information technology department to take the lead in managing the information technology risk




090
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
of the Company; and appoints the strategic development department to take the lead in managing
the reputation risk of the Company. Other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are
responsible for the management of various risks in their respective lines, implementing various policies,
procedures and measures formulated by the Company and each risk management department,
accepting guidance from each risk management department and assigning the risk management duties
and implementation responsibilities. The audit department incorporates overall risk management into the
audit scope, makes independent and objective reviews and evaluation on the adequacy and effectiveness
of overall risk management, and is responsible for taking the lead or entrusting external professional
institutions to evaluate the overall risk management system of the Company regularly.



                                                                                                                                 About Us
3. Market Risk

Market risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from fluctuations in risk factors, including
stock prices, interest rates, exchange rates and commodities.

During the Reporting Period, the global capital market fluctuated significantly due to the combined effects
of multiple complexities. The Company adhered to the concept of value creation through trading and risk
control through hedging, actively controlled its risk exposure and managed the market risk of holding assets
through various risks control measures. The Company continuously optimized the unified risk limitation



                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
system and controlled business risks from various aspects, such as Market Value at Risk (VAR), stop-loss,
stress testing, sensitivity, etc. The Company continued to improve its stress testing system and regularly
calculated the impacts of various extreme risks, identified and evaluated tail risk resilience. In respect of


                                                                                                                               and Strategies
investments in equity securities, given market volatility, the Company managed market risks through various
manners such as risk exposure control, derivatives hedging and diversification of investment subjects, and
actively explored trading opportunities while ensuring the risks of assets controllable. In respect of fixed-
income securities investment, the Company effectively hedged market risk with interest rate derivatives
and adjusted the position structure to respond to the impacts of interest rate fluctuations on the term
and structure of investment portfolios, and actively sought opportunities for pricing deviations to enhance
overall income while controlling overall duration, basis point value and VAR value. In respect of derivatives
business, the Company adopted market neutral strategy for the OTC derivatives business and controlled




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
the Greeks values (such as Delta, Gamma, Vega, etc.) exposure risks within acceptable limits. It created
profit opportunities with risks under control.


Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the Company
                                                                                Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method
                                                        The Company                       The Group

                                              As at the end of     As at the       As at the             As at the
                                                         2024    end of 2023     end of 2024           end of 2023



                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Equity-sensitive Financial
                                                        6,466          7,448            14,184                 11,140
Instruments




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Interest-sensitive Financial
                                                        4,844          4,092             4,813                 4,147
Instruments

Commodity-sensitive
                                                         1,369          989             1,958                   957
Financial Instruments

Overall Portfolio Risk Value                            7,757          7,731            14,140                10,821

Source: Internal statistics of the Company.




                                                                                                                        091
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, Sequence Descriptive Statistics of Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the
          Company
                                                                                            Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method
                                                        At the beginning       At the end     Maximum                Minimum
                                                            of the period   of the period         value                  value

          The Group                                                10,821          14,140          17,868                 8,358

          The Company                                               7,731           7,757         14,038                  5,983

          Source: Internal statistics of the Company.



          4. Credit risk

          Credit risk refers to the risk of loss of the Company that may result from the default of a financing party or
          issuer or counterparty in financing, investment, trading and other businesses.

          During the Reporting Period, amidst the volatile macro-economic situation at home and abroad, market
          competition within the industry intensified. The Company kept abreast of regulatory policy developments
          and continued to strengthen the whole process of credit risk management to ensure the smooth
          development of its business. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s exposure to credit risk was
          generally controllable and no significant credit risk events occurred. With respect to financing business,
          the Company implemented stringent management measures through continuous monitoring over risky
          customers and risky assets and timely risk mitigation. It optimized the response mechanism for individual
          stock delisting risks, intensified the management of business counter-cyclical adjustments, flexibly adjusted
          the risk structure of the business to keep routine business risks under control and prevent bottom-line
          risks. With respect to investment business, the Company continued to optimize and improve the unified
          management system and systematic construction of credit bond subjects for the Group’s various business
          lines. It strengthened the whole process management measures such as access management, analysis
          and pre-warning of bond positions, and normalized screening and disposal of risky securities, while at
          the same time, it adjusted the risk management plan in a timely manner according to changes in the
          regulatory policies of the key industries, so as to enhance the effectiveness of the Group’s prevention
          and control of credit risks exposed by issuers. With respect to trading business, the Company constantly
          optimized and improved the unified management system and systematic construction of counterparties
          at the Group level by implementing strict counterparty credit management mechanism. It strengthened
          continuous monitoring during the duration and annual review mechanism, and enhanced the effectiveness
          of risk management in the whole process of the business. With respect to guaranteed settlement business,
          the Company continued to improve the front-end control and promote the systematic construction of
          the design of risk indicators, and strengthened the ability of risk event handling and risk transmission
          management.

          5. Liquidity risk

          Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in time
          to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and meet the capital requirements for carrying out
          businesses as normal.

          The Company has always attached importance to liquidity safety, preferred a “sound and safe” liquidity risk
          preference, followed the general principle of comprehensiveness, importance, applicability, effectiveness,
          prudence and foresight, and continued to strengthen the identification, measurement, monitoring and
          control mechanisms of liquidity risks through a management model of centralized management and
          stratified prevention and control, to improve the Company’s liquidity risk management level. On the basis
          of controlling overall liquidity risks, the Company identified potential liquidity risks of all business lines from
          the source by new business evaluation process and regular analysis of existing liquidity risk, and proposed
          targeted control measures. The Company has established a liquidity indicator analysis framework including




092
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
cash flow, and appropriately set risk limits and implemented daily monitoring through the information
technology system, to improve monitoring frequency and control level of liquidity risks. The Company
regularly and occasionally conducted special stress tests on liquidity risks, and took targeted measures
to improve the Company’s liquidity risk resilience. In order to ensure that liquidity needs can be met in
a timely manner under stress, the Company has established a high-quality liquid asset reserve of an
appropriate scale based on risk preferences. At the same time, it has expanded its debt financing channels
and quotas from multiple perspectives, and continued to improve the Company’s general and emergency
financing capabilities. The Company established liquidity risk emergency plans, carried out regular drills
and continuously improved its liquidity risk emergency managing mechanism according to the Company’s
condition. In addition, the Company constantly strengthened its subsidiary liquidity risk management with

                                                                                                                            About Us
the consolidation supervision pilot as an effective means, to improve the subsidiaries’ response capability
to liquidity risks and the Group’s prevention and control level of overall liquidity risks. During the Reporting
Period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding ratio (NSFR) continued to remain
at a level that can meet regulatory requirements and far beyond the safety requirements.

6. Operational risks

Operational risk refers to risk on losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal procedures, personnel,
information technology systems and external events.


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Company comprehensively promoted the implementation of the
Guidelines on Operational Risk Management for Securities Companies within the Group, revised internal


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
systems, optimized and improved the supporting management mechanism, strengthened collaborative
management of operational risks and internal information sharing, and continued to improve the
operational risk management system. The Company focused on important businesses and major areas
to carry out assessments and inspections, strengthened the identification of operational risk points
and processes with inadequate control, and enhanced the quality and efficiency in discovering issues
and preventing risks; it organized to sort out business continuity plans and emergency response plans,
and carried out emergency response drills to further improve the Company’s level of ensuring business
continuity; and it continued to optimize the construction of systems and platforms, consolidate the




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
platform-based control system and enhance the ability of closed-loop control and management of
operational risks.

7. Compliance risk

Compliance risk refers to exposure to property loss or business reputation loss as a result of bearing
legal responsibility, supervisory measures or disciplinary sanctions imposed on securities companies
due to violation of laws, regulations and standards by operational management or professional conduct
performed by securities companies or their employees.

During the Reporting Period, the Company thoroughly implemented the new guideline on strengthening
regulation, forestalling risks and promoting the high-quality development of the capital market ( 新“國九條”)


                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
and the “1+N” policy requirements on the capital market, continuously optimized the compliance management
system from system, concept, method and other dimensions, and made efforts to realize the work objective
of “seeing clearly, managing well and doing a good job” by preventing minimal risks at an early stage, so as



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
to continuously build a core competitive advantage in compliance. The Company strengthened business
synergy in support of business innovation and enhanced understanding of business nature to facilitate the
stable implementation of new business and new models; it enhanced compliance inspections to focus on
key business and key processes and follow up on the implementation of corrections; it improved the Group’s
integrated compliance management mechanism, especially for overseas subsidiaries, and strengthened
compliance synergy and control among Group members; it comprehensively promoted the ability
development of stereoscopic compliance and digital compliance system, built a base for professional and
efficient digital compliance capacity, and further enhanced the internal research level for core systems; it
built a long-term management and control mechanism for clean and compliant business development by
carrying out warning education and integrity and compliance culture construction for all employees in key
lines and positions, improved the system and regulations on employees’ investment behavior by clarifying




                                                                                                                   093
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          management responsibilities in accordance with the principle of “whoever manages, whoever is responsible
          for”, enhancing internal monitoring and self-inspection and self-correction by technical means, optimizing
          the closed-loop accountability mechanism and ensuring that non-compliant behavior will be handled
          strictly with “zero tolerance”; it further established the lawyer team to raise the execution quality of cases
          agency and litigation preservation; and it continuously enhanced the capacity of the compliance personnel
          team, so as to better empower the business development in a compliant manner and enhance the ability
          to create compliance value.

          8. Money laundering risk

          Money laundering risk refers to the risk from the utilization of the Company’s products or services by
          criminals to engage in money laundering activities, terrorist financing and other activities, which lead to
          negative effects on the Company in terms of operation, reputation, compliance and other aspects.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly fulfilled the anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist
          financing obligations of financial institutions and thoroughly implemented the new Anti-Money Laundering
          Law and the work requirements of the relevant regulatory authorities. It incorporated money laundering
          risks into the comprehensive risk management system, organized to carry out self-assessment of the
          Company’s exposure to money laundering risk, revised the Company’s internal control system for anti-
          money laundering in accordance with the latest amended anti-money laundering laws and regulations,
          and improved classification and categorized management mechanism of customer money laundering risk.
          Furthermore, the Company organized and implemented customer due diligence, preservation of customer
          identification information and transaction records, suspicious transactions reporting, monitoring on money
          laundering and sanctioning risk lists, etc. It also promoted the upgrading and renovation of the anti-money
          laundering system by digital means, and continued to improve the suspicious transaction monitoring
          system. Meanwhile, the Company launched anti-money laundering publicity and training in various forms,
          strengthened internal supervision and inspection, and continued to enhance the level of money laundering
          risk management.

          9. Information technology risk

          Information technology risk refers to exposure to losses caused by the failure of the network and information
          system to ensure the stable, efficient and safe operation of transaction and business management in terms
          of business realization, timely response, solving capacity and network and data security, resulting from
          service capability abnormality or data damage and leakage out of internal or external reasons.

          The Company establishes and improves its information technology risk management system, and keeps
          improving the information technology risk management mechanism. During the Reporting Period, the
          Company strengthened risk prevention and control in key areas, carried out in-depth investigation and
          remediation of hidden dangers, continuously enhanced risk monitoring and early warning, and solidly
          promoted the publicity of risk culture to further enhance its information technology risk management
          capability and effectiveness. The Company comprehensively implemented the network security
          accountability system and established and improved network and information security technology
          guarantee system. The Company formulated an emergency management system for network security
          incidents, established and continuously improved the contingency plan for information system emergencies,
          and regularly organized drills. During the Reporting Period, the Company held firm to the bottom line of
          security, and important information systems operated smoothly, thus providing a solid guarantee for the
          successful development of the Company’s businesses.

          10. Reputational risk

          Reputational risk refers to the risk of negative publicity from investors, issuers, regulators, self-regulatory
          organizations, the public and the media on the Company due to its actions or external events and violations
          of integrity regulations, professional ethics, business norms and conventions by its staff, thereby damaging
          its brand value, disadvantaging its normal operation, and even affecting the market stability and social
          stability.




094
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024


During the Reporting Period, the Company’s reputational risk management mechanism was running
steadily without the occurrence of any significant reputational risk events. Focusing on its strategy and key
business, the Company continued to intensify its precaution, monitoring and handling reputational risks,
which created a good public sentiment for the Company’s development. At the same time, the Company
continued to strengthen group management, prior management and fast response mechanisms, further
enhancing its awareness on preventing and the ability on response to reputational risk.

11. Model risk


                                                                                                                          About Us
Model risk refers to the risk of adverse consequences or loss to the Company’s business resulting from
incorrect or inappropriate model design, development or use.

During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve risk management mechanisms based
on the life cycle of models and constantly promoted model risk management and control by approaches
and measures including model validation, assessment and monitoring during events. The Company
continuously developed and improved the model risk management system adaptive to its own business
development while optimizing the model information database, and established the function of model
version number management based on the platform. During the Reporting Period, the Company had no


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
major model risk events.

12. Implementation of overall risk management of the Company during the Reporting Period

The Company attached great importance to overall risk management. Adhering to the risk management                       and Strategies
culture on stability and long-term development and with controlling risks, improving efficiency and
promoting development as the targets of risk management, the Company sticks to the core risk
management idea with high engagement, full coverage and deep penetration and the management
approach of collectivization, specialization and platformization and continuously enhances the core
competitiveness on risk management.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
For the full coverage of risks, the comprehensive risk management of the Company covers all domestic
and overseas subsidiaries, branches and business lines for major risk types. The Company raised clear
requirements to subsidiaries on issues including the construction of the risk management system, risk
management policies and indicator system, risk management personnel allocation and assessment and
risk reports, and set up differentiated rules for risk management. All risk management departments of the
Company fulfilled the management responsibility on market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk,
reputational risk and information technology risk through in-depth linkage and conducted risk identification,
prudent assessment, dynamic monitoring, and timely reporting and response for all risks and businesses
before, during and after each operation.

For the surveillance of risks, the Company continued to improve the promptness and accurate presentation




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
of risk surveillance and analysis. The Company further implemented its business strategies, continued to
deepen the multi-dimensional and multi-layered risk limitation system with top-to-bottom breakdown
and bottom-to-top summarization and achieved accurate calculation, dynamic monitoring and timely
alarming on risk indicators through platformization to speed up in realizing integrated and real-time risk



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
monitoring in the Group.

For the measurement of risks, the Company continuously improved the model risk management to develop
core technological competitiveness on risk measurement. The Company carried out evaluation and
verification of valuation model and risk measurement model, and continuously perfected and iterated
the measurement model and built the bottom of technological competence to improve the accuracy
of measurement results and provide measurable technological and fundamental guarantees for risk
management.

For the analysis of risks, the Company established and improved a multi-level risk reporting system, and
further strengthened the breadth and depth of risk analysis, so as to ensure the timely and effective transfer
of risk information among various levels and departments. The Company increased investment in pressure




                                                                                                                 095
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          tests, continued to improve the establishment of the pressure test system and systematic functions,
          enriched pressure test factors and scenario library, optimized analysis function, further integrated and
          consolidated the bottom capability on pressure test.

          For risk response, the Company has, based on risk monitoring and analysis results, formulated certain
          response strategies including risk avoidance, reduction, transfer and tolerance matched with different
          risk appetites and established reasonable and effective response mechanisms on asset impairment,
          risk hedging, capital supplement, scale adjustment, asset and liability management. At the same time,
          the Company developed practical risk and crisis response mechanisms and schemes and continuously
          improved them through regular exercises to enhance the capability of the Company on preventing,
          reacting and resolving risks. The Company continued to consolidate the systematic implementation of
          front-end control and achieve process-based rules and platform-based processes to practically prevent
          risks.

          The Company provided sufficient support and protection for its comprehensive risk management in aspects
          of cultivating a culture, developing policies, increasing investment, improving the system and recruiting
          talents. The Company continued to carry out themed training on risk management and risk management
          culture publicity activities covering all employees and intensified efforts in the publicity and penetration of
          risk management and the depth of reaching among all employees. The Company further implemented
          and optimized risk management assessments, giving full play to the guiding role of risk assessment. The
          Company established a three-dimensional risk management system covering basic systems, management
          guidelines and implementation rules and developed a regular evaluation and revision mechanism for the
          system, through which the implementation of the system was included into risk assessment. The Company
          attached great importance to risk management and information technology system construction, and
          implemented guarantees of resources on risk management and the establishment of systems. It adhered
          to the concept of digital transformation, accumulated risk management capability through systems and
          platforms and continuously established a cross-border and integrated platform for risk management with
          group-wide coverage and deep penetration, empowering risk management. The Company intensified its
          efforts in training and engaging risk management personnel, enabling the risk management personnel of
          the Company continuously meet regulatory requirements.


                                                               The investment of the Company in compliance risk
          13. The investment of the Company
                                                               control
          in compliance risk control during the                                                        Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


          Reporting Period                                    80,000                                          75,711.59

                                                                                                                       67,007.2868,533.97
          The Company’s investments in compliance                                                   64,815.59
                                                                          CAGR
          risk control mainly include: investment in          60,000
                                                                          +20.69%
          compliance risk control personnel, daily                                         45,200.28
          operating costs of compliance risk control and      40,000
                                                                                 38,731.34

          investment in the construction of compliance
          risk control related systems. In 2024, on a                   22,176.49
                                                              20,000
          Parent Company basis, the total investment
          in compliance risk control of the Company
          amounted to RMB685,339,700.                              0
                                                                          2018      2019     2020      2021     2022      2023     2024

                                                                       The amount of total investment
                                                              Source: Regular reports of the Company




096
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
14. The investment of the Company                 The investment of the Company in IT
in information technology during the                                                          Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Reporting Period                                 300,000
                                                                                                     272,407.95
                                                                                                              257,797.42
                                                                                                                           244,793.27
The Company’s investments in information          250,000
                                                                CAGR                      222,756.04
technology mainly include: IT capital                           +14.52%
                                                  200,000
expenditure, daily expenses for operation and                                    176,478.19

maintenance of IT, leasing and depreciation       150,000
                                                                      142,460.61

cost of computer rooms, circuit leasing cost                 108,499.71

and remuneration of IT personnel. In 2024, on     100,000


                                                                                                                                                 About Us
Parent Company basis, the total investment
                                                   50,000
in information technology of the Company
amounted to RMB2,447,932,700.                           0
                                                               2018       2019     2020       2021     2022      2023       2024

                                                            The amount of total investment
                                                   Source: Regular reports of the Company




                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
(VI) Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the
Company’s dynamic risk control indicators

                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
1. Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the dynamic risk
control indicators

The dynamic risk control index monitoring and replenishment mechanism is one of the important measures
for the Company to control risks. During the Reporting Period, with full data, complete functions and normal
operation, the dynamic monitoring system for risk control indicators of the Company can effectively
support the monitoring on the net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators of the Company. The




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Company continuously improved the dynamic monitoring mechanism for risk control indicators mainly
based on net capital and liquidity and assigned full-time operators to conduct daily monitoring and pre-
warning responses. With stricter corporate monitoring standards as the monitoring threshold based on
the regulatory standards and pre-warning standards for risk control indicators specified by the CSRC, the
Company launched a corresponding reporting route and response plan according to different pre-warning
level and ensured that the net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators always comply with the
regulatory requirements. The Company constantly optimized the function of the net capital and liquidity
dynamic monitoring system to ensure that the dynamic monitoring system can effectively support the
monitoring of the Company’s net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators.

The Company has established a dynamic complementary mechanism for net capital and liquidity. The



                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Company’s complementary pathways of net capital include but are not limited to capital fund raising for
increase in capital and share, issuance of subordinated bonds, compression of highly-risky investment types
and scale, and reduction or suspension of profit distribution, etc. The Company’s complementary pathways




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
of liquidity include but are not limited to external financing (interbank borrowing, bond repurchase,
corporate bond, subordinated debt, short-term financing bill, income receipts, refinancing integrated fund,
etc.), realization of part of the liquid reserve, control or adjustment of business scale, etc.




                                                                                                                                        097
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Conditions of risk control indicators triggering the pre-warning criteria or not conforming to
          the required standards, and corrective measures adopted and rectification effects during the
          Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted prospective estimation or pressure tests of risk control
          indicators for profit distribution, capital increase in and guarantee provision to subsidiaries, engagement
          in new businesses and other major events. The above-mentioned matters were implemented under the
          condition that the analysis and test results meet the regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period,
          the main risk control indicators of the Company were all in line with the regulatory requirements, and there
          were no such circumstances where the risk control indicators violated the pre-warning standards or were
          not in compliance with the standards provided.




          IV. THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES IN THE COMPANY’S FAILURE TO
          MAKE DISCLOSURE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STANDARDS DUE TO
          THE INAPPLICABILITY OF THE STANDARDS REQUIREMENTS OR SPECIAL
          REASONS INCLUDING NATIONAL SECRETS AND TRADE SECRETS

          V. OTHER DISCLOSURES

          (I) Share capital

          For the Company’s share capital for the year ended December 31, 2024, and the details of changes therein,
          please refer to “Changes in Shares and Shareholders” in this report.

          (II) Arrangement of pre-emptive rights

          According to the provisions of the PRC laws and the Articles of Association, none of the shareholders of the
          Company has any pre-emptive rights.

          (III) Cancellation of A Shares and reduction of registered capital

          On November 24, 2023, the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 Third A Share Class
          Meeting and the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting of the Company considered and approved the
          Resolution on the Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital by the
          Company, pursuant to which the Company was approved to cancel the remaining repurchased A Shares
          of 45,278,495 shares. During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the cancellation of repurchased
          A Shares of 45,278,495 shares, completed the industrial and commercial registration modification for
          reduction in registered capital, and obtained the renewed business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial
          Market Regulation Administration. Upon the cancellation, the registered capital of the Company was
          RMB9,029,384,840, and the share capital structure of the Company changed to: 7,310,339,160 A Shares,
          representing 80.96% of the total share capital; 1,719,045,680 H Shares, representing 19.04% of the total share
          capital.

          On June 20, 2024, the 2023 Annual General Meeting, the 2024 First A Share Class Meeting and the 2024
          First H Share Class Meeting of the Company considered and approved the Resolution on Repurchase
          and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of the Company, pursuant to which the Company
          was approved to repurchase and cancel part or all of the restricted A Shares granted to 175 persons but
          subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment of condition of individual performance by incentive
          participants, release or termination of employment with the Company and other circumstances, 2,082,559
          shares in total. During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation




098
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
of 2,082,559 restricted A Shares, completed the industrial and commercial registration modification for
reduction in registered capital, and obtained the renewed business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial
Market Regulation Administration. Upon the cancellation, the registered capital of the Company was
RMB9,027,302,281, and the share capital structure of the Company changed to: 7,308,256,601 A Shares,
representing 80.96% of the total share capital; 1,719,045,680 H Shares, representing 19.04% of the total share
capital.

(IV) Sufficient public float

As at the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report, based on the information available


                                                                                                                          About Us
to the public and as far as the Directors are aware of, the Directors believe that the Company’s public float
satisfies the requirements for minimum public float under Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

(V) Directors’ interests in competing business with the Company

None of the Directors of the Company has any interest in the business that competes or is likely to compete,
either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Company.

(VI) Service contracts of Directors and Supervisors

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
None of the Directors and Supervisors of the Company has entered into any service contract with the
Company or its subsidiaries which shall be compensated (except for statutory compensation) upon


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
termination within one year.

(VII) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in material contracts, transactions or
arrangements

During the Reporting Period, the Directors or Supervisors of the Company or entities that are connected to
them did not have material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any material contract, transaction or
arrangement entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
(VIII) Permitted indemnity provision-liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors
and senior management

As authorized in 2014 annual general meeting, the Company has provided liability insurance for Directors,
Supervisors, senior management, and other relevant competent persons. Appropriate insurance coverage
has been arranged for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company against potential
legal actions and liabilities that arise from performing their duties to reasonably avoid management and
legal risks faced by Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to promote the full
discharge of duties by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
(IX) Profile of Directors, Supervisors and senior management

For profiles of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company, please refer to “Primary work



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
experience” under “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned Directors,
Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” in “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management” in the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.

(X) Remuneration policy

For the remuneration and share incentive scheme of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
Company, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” and “Remuneration of the
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in
the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.




                                                                                                                 099
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (XI) Share option scheme

          The Company did not establish any share option scheme.

          (XII) Major customers and suppliers

          The Group provides services to a wide range of institutional and individual clients across various sectors. The
          Group’s clients range from public customers, wealth clients, high-net-worth individuals, institutional clients
          to corporate clients, who are primarily located in China. The successful listing in Hong Kong and London and
          smooth implementation of its deployment strategies in the international market will facilitate the Group in
          carrying out its overseas operations, exploring customer resources and boosting for further development of
          the Group’s businesses. In 2024, the revenue attributable to the five largest clients of the Group accounted
          for less than 30% of the total operating revenue of the Group.

          The Group has no major supplier due to the nature of its business.

          (XIII) Relationship with employees, customers, suppliers and persons with important
          relationships

          For details of the employees’ remuneration and training plans of the Company, please refer to “Remuneration
          policy” and “Training programs” under “Information about the Staff of the Parent Company and Major
          Subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period” in the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.
          For the relationship between the Company and its major customers and suppliers, please refer to “Major
          customers and suppliers” under “Other Disclosures” in the section headed “Management Discussion and
          Analysis and Board Report” in this report.

          (XIV) Business review

          For analysis of business using key financial performance indicators, please refer to “Summary of the Results”
          of this report.

          (XV) Corporate governance

          For the corporate governance condition of the Company, please refer to “Corporate Governance” of this
          report.

          (XVI) Tax relief

          1. Shareholders of A Shares

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy
          for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關 於 上 市 公 司 股 息 紅 利 差 別 化 個 人
          所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2015] 101 號 )) and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of
          Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012]
          No. 85) (《關於實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2012] 85 號 )) jointly issued
          by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for individual shareholders of
          the Company, if the term of shareholding (a period from the date when the individual acquires the listed
          shares on public offering and transferring markets to the date one day before the shares are transferred
          and settled) is within one month (inclusive), all the dividend and bonus incomes thereof are counted as
          taxable income at the effective tax rate of 20%; if the term of shareholding is between one month and one
          year (inclusive), temporarily, 50% of the dividend and bonus incomes are counted as taxable income at the
          effective tax rate of 10%; if the term of shareholding exceeds one year, temporarily, the dividend and bonus
          incomes are exempted from individual income taxes. When dividends and bonus incomes are distributed
          by a listed company, such company, temporarily, shall not withhold or pay any individual income taxes
          on behalf of the individuals whose term of shareholding is within one year (inclusive); instead, the taxable
          incomes shall be calculated by a securities registration and settlement company based on the term of




100
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
shareholding when the individual transfers those shares and the Company shall withhold and pay the taxes
through the securities registration and settlement company. For dividend and bonus incomes obtained by
securities investment funds from listed companies, the individual income taxes thereof are calculated and
levied pursuant to the provisions in the document of Cai Shui [2012] No. 85.

For QFII, according to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Withholding and Payment of
Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the
QFII (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47) (《關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問題
的通知》( 國稅函 [2009] 47 號 )) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, the listed company withholds
and pays corporate income taxes at a uniform tax rate of 10%. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained


                                                                                                                             About Us
by QFII shareholders are entitled to the treatment as stipulated in tax treaties (arrangements), application
for tax refund can be submitted to the governing tax authority after the acquisition of such dividends and
bonuses according to regulations.

According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) 《 ( 關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014] 81 號 ))
issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus
incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) on Hong Kong market from investing
in A Shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the implementation of differentiated taxation is suspended



                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
before Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited meets the conditions to provide CSDC with the
investors’ identifications, terms of shareholding and other specific data. The listed company withholds
and pays the income taxes at the tax rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the governing taxation


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
authority. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered a tax treaty
with the PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the enterprises or
individuals can, by themselves or entrust a withholding agent to apply to the governing tax authorities of
the listed company for the treatment as stipulated in such tax treaties. The governing tax authorities should
refund the taxes according to the discrepancy between the levied taxes and taxes payable based on the
rate specified in the tax treaty after verifying and approving the application.

For the qualified investors who invest in the GDR issued by the Company on London Stock Exchange and




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
comply with the relevant domestic and foreign regulatory rules (GDR Investors), according to the Corporate
Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and other relevant tax regulations, the Company
shall withhold and pay income taxes at a tax rate of 10%. Citibank and National Association, as the nominal
holders of domestic basic A Shares corresponding to GDR, receive the cash dividends distributed by the
Company. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained by GDR Investors are entitled to the treatment as
stipulated in relevant tax treaties (arrangements), applications can be submitted to the governing tax
authority according to regulations.

For other institutional investors, the taxes on their dividends and bonus incomes shall be paid on their own.

2. Shareholders of H Shares



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
According to the provisions in the Notice by the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Regarding the
Administration of Individual Income Tax Collection after the Annulment of Document Guo Shui Fa [1993] No.
045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發 [1993] 045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
的 通 知 》( 國 稅 函 [2011] 348 號 )), for the dividend and bonus incomes acquired by individual shareholders
as overseas residents from the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-foreign investment
enterprises, the withholding agent shall legally withhold and pay the individual income taxes according
to item “interest, dividend and bonus income”. For the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-
foreign investment enterprises, the individual shareholders as overseas residents can enjoy relevant tax
preferences according to the provisions in the tax treaty signed by the country to which the resident identity
belongs and the PRC and in the tax arrangements between Mainland China and Hong Kong (Macao).
According to relevant tax treaties and tax arrangements, the tax rates for dividends are normally 10%. To
simplify administration of tax collection, when the domestic non-foreign investment enterprises issuing
shares in Hong Kong distribute dividends and bonuses, the individual income taxes are generally withheld
at the tax rate of 10% without application. If the dividend tax rate is not 10%, individual income taxes shall be




                                                                                                                    101
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          withheld as per the following provisions: (1) for residents subject to tax rate below 10% pursuant to relevant
          treaties, the withholding agent can apply related treatment under such treaties on behalf of the residents
          and the governing tax authority will refund the additional tax payments after approving the application;
          (2) for residents subject to tax rate over 10% but lower than 20% pursuant to relevant treaties, when the
          withholding agent distributes dividend and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at
          the actual tax rate specified in the treaties and application for approval is not necessary; (3) for residents
          from the country which did not enter into any tax treaty with the PRC and other situations, when the
          withholding agent distributes dividend and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at
          the tax rate of 20%.

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues regarding Withholding of Enterprise Income Taxes when
          PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends to Overseas Non-resident Enterprise shareholders of H Shares
          (Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《關於中國居民企業向境外 H 股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關
          問題的通知》( 國稅函 [2008] 897 號 )) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, when Chinese resident
          enterprises distribute annual dividends to overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders of H Shares for
          2008 and subsequent years, the corporate income tax shall be withheld and paid at the uniform tax rate of
          10%.

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
          Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014] 81
          號 )) and the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs (Cai Shui
          [2016] No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2016] 127 號 )) issued by the
          Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends and bonuses acquired by
          Mainland individual investors by investing in listed H Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-
          Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall withhold
          the individual income tax at a tax rate of 20%. For dividends and bonuses acquired from Mainland securities
          investment funds by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong
          Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the individual income tax shall be levied as per
          above regulations. For dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland enterprise investors by investing in
          listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong
          Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall not withhold any income taxes on the dividends and
          bonuses, and such income tax shall be declared and paid by the enterprises on their own. Meanwhile, for
          the dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland resident enterprises for continuous holding of H Shares for
          12 months, the corporate income tax shall be exempted according to laws.

          According to the current practices of Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax shall be levied for
          dividends distributed by the Company in Hong Kong.

          The shareholders of the Company shall pay relevant taxes and/or be entitled to tax reliefs according to the
          above provisions.

          (XVII) Environmental policies and performance of the Company

          For the environmental policies and performance of the Company, please refer to “Environmental and Social
          Responsibilities” in this report.

          (XVIII) Compliance with relevant laws and regulations

          As a public company listed at home and abroad, the Company abides, in a strict manner, by the
          requirements of the laws, regulations and normative documents of domestic and foreign places where
          the Company is listed including the Company Law, Securities Law, Regulation on the Supervision and
          Administration of Securities Companies, Rules for Governance of Securities Companies, Code of Corporate
          Governance for Listed Companies in China, Corporate Governance Code in Appendix C1 of Hong Kong Listing
          Rules and the Articles of Association. The Company established and perfected its rules and regulations
          to standardize the operation of the Company, and devoted itself to maintaining and improving its sound
          market image. Please refer to “Suspected Violations of Laws and Regulations by, Punishment on and




102
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Rectification of the Company and its Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Controlling Shareholders
and de facto Controllers” in the section headed “Major Events” in this report for the punishment and public
denouncement received by the Company during the Reporting Period.

(XIX) Reserves and distributable reserves

For changes in reserves and distributable reserves, please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of Changes
in Equity” and “55. Share capital, reserves and retained profits” to the “Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements” under the “Annual Financial Report” of this report.

(XX) Property and equipment and investment properties
                                                                                                                                About Us
For changes in properties and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the year, please
refer to “20. Property and equipment” and “21. Investment properties” to the “Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements” under the “Annual Financial Report” of this report. As at December 31, 2024, the Group
did not own any investment properties or properties for development and/or for sale with one or more ratio
(as defined in the Rule 14.04(9) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) over 5%.

(XXI) Management contract

                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2024.

(XXII) Donations                                                                                                              and Strategies

The Company actively performed its social responsibilities in 2024 by investing RMB28,513,900 (2023:
RMB44,566,500) in public activities including public service advertising and charitable contribution.

(XXIII) Five-year financial highlight




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
For the highlight of operating results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five financial years, please
refer to “Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years” under “Key Accounting Data
and Financial Indicators” in the section headed “Company Profile and Key Financial Indicators” in this report.
This summary does not constitute a part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

(XXIV) Auditors

1. Upon approval by the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting held on June 22, 2022, the Company
employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2022 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit
fee amounted to RMB4.20 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.35 million). In 2022,
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit




                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified
public accountant Eric Tong signed the report.

2. Upon approval by the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting held on June 30, 2023, the Company
employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2023 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit
service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.40 million). In




                                                                                                                       103
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2023, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit
          report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
          Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
          prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified
          public accountant Eric Tong signed the report.

          3. Upon approval by the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting held on June 20, 2024, the Company
          employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
          Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2024 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
          A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche
          Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit
          service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.40 million). In
          2024, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit
          report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
          Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
          prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified
          public accountant Chu Wai Chung signed the report.

          4. Upon approval by the Company’s fifteenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors held on
          March 28, 2025, the Company proposed to employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
          LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2025 annual financial
          statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit
          report; and employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to
          issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB4.98 million (of which the internal control
          audit fee was RMB0.40 million). This issue is yet to be approved at the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the
          Company.

          There have been changes in the auditor of the Company in the past three years. According to the
          Administrative Measures for Selection and Appointment of Accounting Firms by State-owned Financial
          Enterprises (Cai Jin [2020] No. 6) (《國有金融企業選聘會計師事務所管理辦法》( 財金 [2020] 6 號 )) issued by the
          Ministry of Finance, the service term of the accounting firm previously appointed by the Company expired
          after the completion of the audit on the 2021 Annual Report. On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on the Change
          of the Accounting Firm of the Company for 2022 was considered and approved at the 2021 Annual General
          Meeting, which approved the Company to engage Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
          LLP as the audit service institute for the 2022 annual accounting statements and internal control audit
          services of the Company and its controlled subsidiaries, and issued the A Share Audit Report, the Internal
          Control Audit Report and the GDR Audit Report, and appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the H Share audit
          service institute of the Company and issue the H Share Audit Report.

          (XXV) Review of Annual Results




104
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
This annual financial report has been audited. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors has
reviewed the Company’s audited annual financial statement and annual report as of December 31, 2024,
and did not raise any objections to the accounting policy and convention adopted by the Company.

(XXVI) Publication of the Annual Report

This annual report will be released on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and the HKEXnews website
(www.hkexnews.hk).

The 2024 annual report of the Company which contains all the information required by the Hong Kong
Listing Rules will be published on the HKEXnews website (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website

                                                                                                                   About Us
(www.htsc.com.cn), and will be dispatched to the shareholders of H Shares of the Company by the means
of receipt of communications they selected.



                                                                                  By order of the Board

                                                                                            Zhang Wei

                                                                                             Chairman


                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                                                                                        March 28, 2025




                                                                                                                 and Strategies




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                          105
3   Corporate
    Governance
                  Corporate Governance      108

Environmental and Social Responsibilities   188

                            Major Events    202

    Changes in Shares and Shareholders      214

                                  Bonds     228
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CORPORATE
          GOVERNANCE




          I. DESCRIPTION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          As a public company listed in both domestic and overseas markets, the Company has been operating
          business in a standard manner and in strict compliance with the requirements set forth in the laws,
          regulations and normative documents of the PRC and the overseas jurisdiction where the shares of the
          Company are listed, and has made continuous efforts to maintain and enhance the good image of the
          Company in the market. The Company keeps improving its corporate governance structure, compliance risk
          control and internal control system according to the requirements under the Company Law, the Securities
          Law, the Regulations on Supervision and Management of Securities Companies, the Rules for Governance of
          Securities Companies, the Rules for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies, the Corporate Governance
          Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations as
          well as the Articles of Association, in order to establish a modern corporate system, and shape a corporate
          governance structure where checks and balances among the general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory
          Committee and the operation management are maintained, with each of them being separated from the
          other and performing its own functions and responsibilities corresponding to its position within the specified
          terms of reference, thereby ensuring all the operational activities of the Company are carried out smoothly
          and in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.

          (I) Corporate Governance

          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted its operations and management in a standard
          and orderly manner. Various rules and regulations have been formulated and continuously refined in
          strict compliance with the requirements of laws, regulations and normative documents to regulate the
          Company’s operations. During the Reporting Period, the Company amended and improved the Articles
          of Association, which was considered and approved by the general meeting of the Company, in light of
          cancellation of the remaining repurchased A Shares by the Company and repurchase and cancellation
          of part of the restricted A Shares under the equity incentive scheme of the Company. Meanwhile, in order
          to strengthen the management of inside information, maintain the confidentiality of inside information,
          ensure fair information disclosure and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors, the Company
          amended and improved the System regarding Insider Registration, Management and Confidentiality (《內
          幕信息知情人登記管理及保密制度》) in compliance with the Regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies No. 5
          – Registration and Management System for Insider Information of Listed Companies (《上市公司監管指引第
          5 號－上市公司內幕信息知情人登記管理制度》), the Guidelines No. 2 of the Shanghai Stock Exchange for Self-




108
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Regulation of Listed Companies – Information Disclosure Affairs Management (《上海證券交易所上市公司自
律監管指引第 2 號－信息披露事務管理》) as well as relevant laws, regulations, departmental rules, normative
documents and in light of the actual situation of the Company; and in order to strengthen the management
of the Shares of the Company held by Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
and the changes thereof, the Company amended and improved the Administrative System regarding the
Shares of the Company Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in compliance with the
Interim Measures for the Administration of Shareholding Reduction by Shareholders of Listed Companies (《上
市公司股東減持股份管理暫行辦法》), the Rules for the Management of Shares Held by Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management of Listed Companies and the Changes thereof (《上 市 公 司 董 事、 監 事 和 高 級 管 理
人員所持本公司股份及其變動管理規則》) issued by the CSRC and the Guidelines No. 15 of the Shanghai Stock

                                                                                                                           About Us
Exchange for Self-Regulation of Listed Companies – Shareholding Reduction by Shareholders and Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 15 號－股東及董事、監事、高
級管理人員減持股份》) as well as relevant laws, regulations, departmental rules, normative documents and
in light of the actual situation of the Company. These amendments to the rules have been considered
and approved by the Board of the Company. In addition, during the Reporting Period, as considered and
approved by the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the general meeting of the Company, the Company
made adjustments to the composition of the sixth session of the Board, the Supervisory Committee and
the special committees thereof to fully leverage on professional strengths and improve decision efficiency



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
and decision level. Through the establishment and improvement as well as the full implementation of the
above systems, the Company’s governance structure and level have been continuously standardized and
improved.


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
The convening, holding and voting procedures of the general meeting, the Board and the Supervisory
Committee of the Company were standard, legal and valid, and the Company disclosed truthful and
accurate information in a complete, timely and fair manner. The Company carried out investor relationship
management in a standard and professional manner, and carried out inside information management
and registration of insiders in strict compliance with the requirements of the System regarding Insider
Registration and Management and Confidentiality of the Company and other relevant rules. The Company
adhered to the principle of scientificity, standardization and transparency when practicing corporate




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
governance. During the Reporting Period, the Company was rated with the highest rating of A in the 2023-
2024 Information Disclosure Evaluation on Listed Companies organized by the SSE; was honored as the
Best Practice Case in the 2024 Best Practice Case Collections for Board of Directors of Public Companies
organized by China Association for Public Companies, and was honored as the Best Practice Case in the
2024 Best Practice Case Collections for Board Office of Public Companies organized by China Association
for Public Companies. At the same time, the secretary of the Board of the Company was rated as 5A in
the 2024 Performance Evaluation of the Secretary of the Board of Directors of Listed Companies organized
by China Association for Public Companies. In addition, with its remarkable ESG governance practice, in
2024, the annual MSCI ESG rating of the Company rose to AAA from AA, achieving two consecutive years of
advancement to the highest rating in the global investment banking industry.




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
1. Shareholders and the General Meeting

The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely. The largest
shareholder and the de facto controller of the Company exercised their rights in accordance with the laws,
regulations and the Articles of Association, and neither directly or indirectly intervened in the decisions and
operations of the Company beyond the general meeting nor appropriated any fund of the Company or
requested the Company to provide any external guarantee. The Company was completely independent
from its largest shareholder and de facto controller in terms of staff, assets, finance, organization and
business.




                                                                                                                  109
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Directors and the Board

          The election and change of Directors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The number
          and composition of the Board conformed to the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The
          Board has continuously improved its rules of procedures. All the Board meetings were duly convened and
          held, and all voting procedures at the meetings were legal and valid. The Company has established the
          Working System for Independent Directors, and all the independent Directors have independently and
          objectively worked to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders,
          and played a role of check and balance in the decision-making process of the Board. The Board has the
          following mechanism in place to ensure independent views and input from Directors are conveyed to the
          Board. Meanwhile, the Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of this mechanism every year:
          The Board of the Company includes 5 independent non-executive Directors, representing more than 1/3 of
          the Board. Each year, all independent Directors of the Company submit an annual performance report to
          the Board and the shareholders’ general meeting for consideration, and disclose relevant information on
          their positions in other listed companies or organizations in the annual report. The Company has established
          Special Committees under the Board that are responsible to the Board and submit the voting results of the
          meetings to the Board, among which the majority members of the Audit Committee and the Nomination
          Committee are independent Directors who host the posts of chairman. All members of the Remuneration
          and Appraisal Committee are independent Directors. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing
          the structure, size and composition of the Board each year, reviewing and making recommendations on the
          qualifications of Directors and senior management and reviewing the independence of independent non-
          executive Directors and other matters.

          The Company ensures that independent Directors have the right to information equivalent to that of
          other Directors and are provided with the necessary working conditions to perform their duties, and for
          matters that need to be decided by the Board, the Company shall notify independent Directors in advance
          pursuant to statutory limit of time and provide true, accurate and sufficient information at the same time.
          If independent Directors consider that the information is insufficient, they may request the Company to
          supplement.

          All Directors of the Company are able to perform their duties with due diligence in accordance with the
          relevant regulations to safeguard the interests of the Company and all shareholders.

          There is no financial, business, family or other significant/related relationship between the Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

          The Company believes that the increasing diversity of the Board is one of the key factors that help support
          its strategic objectives and maintain sustainable development. Therefore, the Company has, when
          determining the composition of the Board, adopted the following measures to maintain or enhance its
          balance and diversity:

          (1) consider the diversity of Board members in several aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
          cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and popularity in service.
          The determination of the members should be based on the value of the candidates and the contribution
          that they could make to the Board. All nominations of the Board should be in the principle of “merit-based”.
          When the candidates are selected, the benefits from the diversity of Board members should be taken into
          full consideration according to their objective conditions.

          (2) The Nomination Committee will report annually on the diversified composition of the Board in the annual
          report, inspect the implementation of the abovementioned policy on diversification of Board members and
          review such policy every year so as to ensure its effectiveness.

          In 2022, the Company set up the sixth session of the Board of Directors, with members including strategic
          Shareholder representatives introduced through the non-public issuance of A Shares, forming a Board with
          diversified composition and complementary advantages.




110
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board of the Company is as follows:

By age group                  4 persons               4 persons                     4 persons          1 person
                          Aged 50 and below          aged 51-55                    aged 56-60            aged
                                                                                                        over 60
By category      3 persons                      5 persons                             5 persons
of Directors Executive Directors          non-executive Directors         independent non-executive Directors

By gender      1 person                                             12 persons
             Female Director                                   male Directors



                                                                                                                           About Us
Professional background: Finance, economics, accounting, laws, business administration, economic
management, enterprise management, industrial economics, electronic communication, social sciences,
etc.


The Board considers that the current composition of the Board during the Reporting Period is diversified
regarding skills, gender, experience and knowledge. However, after the resignation of Ms. Yin Lihong, an
executive Director of the Company, on March 14, 2025, the Company will identify suitable candidate to serve
as the Director pursuant to relevant requirements, in order to re-meet the requirement under Rule 13.92 of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules regarding diversity of the Board. The nomination policy of the Company can

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
ensure that the Board will have potential alternate candidates to continue the diversity of the Board.



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
3. Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

The election and change of the Supervisors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The
number and composition of the Supervisory Committee conformed to the requirements of the relevant
laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee has continuously improved its rules of procedure. All the
meetings of the Supervisory Committee were duly convened and held, and all voting procedures at the
meetings were legal and valid. The Supervisory Committee is responsible to the general meeting. Based on
the principle of being responsible to all shareholders, the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
legality and compliance of the Company’s finance and the performance of duties by the Board and the
management of the Company. All Supervisors diligently performed their duties, attended all meetings of the
Supervisory Committee and sat in the meetings of the Board as non-voting delegates, made reports to the
general meeting and submitted its work report.

4. Senior Management of the Company

The election and change of the senior management were in strict compliance with the Articles of
Association. The procedures for appointment of senior management complied with the Company Law
and the Articles of Association. The Company has formulated the Terms of Reference of the CEO and
the Executive Committee and the Terms of Reference of the Secretary to the Board and other rules and




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
regulations. The senior management of the Company conducted operations and performed their duties
legally and diligently in accordance with the laws, regulations and authorizations of the Board, in order to
maximize shareholders’ benefits and social benefits.




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
5. Information Disclosure and Transparency of the Company

The Company disclosed information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner in strict
compliance with the requirements of laws, rules and relevant regulations, and ensured that all shareholders
had an equal access to the relevant information of the Company, thereby ensuring the transparency of
the Company. The Company strengthened the management of inside information, worked to ensure the
confidentiality of inside information, and safeguarded the principle of fairness in information disclosure in
strict compliance with the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality of the
Company. The Board designated the secretary to the Board to be responsible for the Company’s information
disclosure, and the Office of the Board also assisted the secretary in information disclosure. Meanwhile, the
Company also arranged dedicated personnel to answer telephone enquiries of investors and questions
from investors via e-mails and the SSE interactive E-platform, actively interacted with institutional investors




                                                                                                                  111
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          during their visits and surveys or telephone interviews, regularly held results presentation and online briefing
          on the results, proactively attended strategy seminars and investment forums held by domestic or overseas
          financial institutions and updated in a timely manner information on the “Investor Relations” column on the
          Company’s website.

          6. Stakeholders

          The Company gave full respects to the shareholders, customers, staff and other stakeholders and
          protected their legitimate rights and interests from the perspective of system building and in each link of
          business operation, ensured the development of the Company in a sustainable, harmonious, healthy and
          standard way, in order to achieve all-win results for the Company and all stakeholders, thus maximizing the
          Company’s profits and social benefits.

          During the Reporting Period, according to the requirements of the regulatory departments, the Company
          further improved its organizational structure, institutional building and strengthened management of inside
          information, and ensured that the actual status of the corporate governance of the Company complied
          with the requirements of the normative documents published by the CSRC regarding the corporate
          governance of listed companies. Meanwhile, the Company strictly complied with all the code provisions
          as set out in the Corporate Governance Code, and met most of the recommended best practices in the
          Corporate Governance Code.

          (II) Formulation and Implementation of Insider Registration and Management
          System

          The Company formulated the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
          in April 2010 in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, normative documents
          and the Articles of Association and in light of the actual situation of the Company, which was considered
          and approved at the seventeenth meeting of the first session of the Board, in order to strengthen the
          management of inside information, maintain the confidentiality of inside information, ensure fair information
          disclosure and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors.

          In December 2011, according to the Provisions on the Establishment of an Insider Registration and
          Management System by Listed Companies (CSRC Announcement [2011] No. 30) (《關於上市公司建立內幕信
          息知情人登記管理制度的規定》( 證監會公告 [2011]30 號 )) by the CSRC, the Circular on Filing Records of Insiders
          by Listed Companies (Shang Zheng Gong Han [2011] No. 1501) (《關 於 做 好 上 市 公 司 內 幕 信 息 知 情 人 檔 案 報 送
          工 作 的 通 知 》( 上 證 公 函 [2011]1501 號 )) by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant requirements
          issued by regulators, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
          Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the
          second session of the Board.

          In March 2015, in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing of the H Shares
          of the Company, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
          Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the
          third session of the Board.

          In March 2019, for consistency with the Articles of Association, the Company made amendments to the
          System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, which was considered and
          approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board.

          In August 2020, according to the revised Securities Law, the Guidelines on Insiders Reporting by Listed
          Companies of the SSE as well as relevant laws, regulations and normative documents, the Company made
          amendments to the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, which was
          considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board.

          In March 2024, pursuant to the Regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies No. 5 – Registration and
          Management System for Insider Information of Listed Companies, the Guidelines No. 2 of the Shanghai Stock
          Exchange for Self-Regulation of Listed Companies – Information Disclosure Affairs Management as well as




112
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
relevant laws, regulations, departmental rules, normative documents, the Company amended the System
regarding Insider Registration, Management and Confidentiality, which was considered and approved at the
seventh meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Company made more efforts to maintain the confidentiality of inside
information, performed its obligation of insider registration, management and confidentiality diligently, kept
records of the names of insiders who had accessed to the inside information at the stage of negotiation,
planning, demonstration and consultation and contracting as well as in the processes of reporting, delivery,
preparation, auditing, resolution and disclosing before its final disclosure in strict compliance with the
requirements of System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, and kept


                                                                                                                          About Us
records of information relating to insiders and memos of progress of major events, in order to effectively
prevent insider dealing and properly carry out information disclosure.

During the Reporting Period, the Company organized internal investigation into the dealing of shares and
derivatives of the Company by insiders, and found that none of the holders of inside information had made
use of inside information in share transactions before any significant-price-sensitive-nature information
disclosure that may affect the share price of the Company, and the Company has not received any
punishment or administrative measure imposed by regulatory departments due to the possible involvement
in insider dealing.



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
(III) Corporate Governance Policies and the Board’s Responsibilities for Corporate
Governance

The Company has been in strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and followed all the principles             and Strategies
in the Corporate Governance Code to be its own corporate governance policies. In respect of the corporate
governance function, the terms of reference of the Board shall at least include:

(1) to formulate and review the corporate governance policies and practices of the Company;

(2) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and the
senior management;




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
(3) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with laws and regulatory
requirements;

(4) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
monitor employees and Directors;

(5) to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.

(IV) Securities Transactions by Directors, Supervisors and Employees



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong
Kong Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions of the Company by all Directors and
Supervisors. According to the domestic regulatory requirements, the Company convened the thirteenth




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
meeting of the third session of the Board on November 25, 2014 to consider and approve the Administrative
System regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
(the “Administrative System”) in order to regulate the holding and dealing in the shares of the Company
by Directors, Supervisors and senior management. On March 6, 2015, the Company made amendments
to the Administrative System in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing
of H Shares of the Company, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the third
session of the Board. On October 28, 2022, the Company made amendments to the Administrative System,
which were considered and approved at the twenty-seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the
Company. On December 20, 2024, the Company made amendments to the Administrative System in order
to strengthen the management of the Shares of the Company held by Directors, Supervisors and senior
management of the Company and the changes thereof, which were considered and approved at the
fourteenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company. The compulsory provisions contained




                                                                                                                 113
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          in the Administrative System are stricter than those under the Model Code. Having made all enquiries with
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management, the Company confirmed that all Directors, Supervisors and
          senior management had strictly complied with the relevant requirements under the Administrative System
          and Model Code during the Reporting Period. The Board of the Company will, on a regular or irregular
          basis, carry out inspection on corporate governance and operation of the Company, in order to ensure the
          relevant provisions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules are well observed and to protect the interests of the
          shareholders. Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” under “Directors, Supervisors
          and Senior Management” under “Corporate Governance” in this report for details of the shareholding of the
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.




          II. SPECIFIC MEASURES TAKEN BY THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
          AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS OF THE COMPANY TO ENSURE THE
          INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY IN TERMS OF ASSETS, PERSONNEL,
          FINANCE, ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS, AND THE SOLUTIONS, WORK
          PROGRESS AND FOLLOW-UP WORK PLANS THAT INFLUENCE THE
          INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY

          The shareholding structure of the Company is relatively decentralized without controlling shareholders. The
          de facto controller of the Company is Jiangsu SASAC. Since its inception, the Company has been operating
          in strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations including the Company Law and the Securities
          Law as well as the requirements of the Articles of Association. The Company is completely separated from
          its shareholders in respect of business, staff, assets, organization and finance, owns a complete business
          system and is capable of operating independently in the market.

          1. Information about the independence of business

          In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the Company
          conducts business on its own pursuant to the law within the operating scope approved by the CSRC, and
          has obtained various business materials required for securities business operation with an independent
          and complete business system and the ability of self-operation. Its business operation is not controlled or
          affected by its shareholders or related parties. The Company can compete in the market independently.
          Shareholders and related parties of the Company did not breach the Company’s working procedures or
          intervene in the Company’s internal management or the making of its operational decisions.

          2. Information about the independence of the staff

          The Company set up a dedicated human resources department, and established independent and
          complete systems for labor employment, personnel management, salary management and social security.
          The Directors, Supervisors, and senior management of the Company were selected and employed in
          compliance with relevant requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Measures for the
          Supervision and Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners of
          Securities Fund Operating Institutions and the Articles of Association. The current Directors, Supervisors and
          senior management of the Company meet the corresponding qualifications. The senior management of the
          Company held no positions in its largest shareholder and de facto controller and other enterprises under its
          control. The Company adopts an appointment system for the senior management, a labor contract system
          for all staff, and enters into Labor Contract with all the staff in accordance with the law. The Company
          owns independent rights for labor employment and its staff are independent from the shareholders and
          enterprises under their control without any interference from the shareholders.




114
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
3. Information about the integrity of the assets

The Company owns main business qualifications, land, real estate, vehicles and other operating equipment
required for business operation. The above assets are subject to no mortgage, pledge or other guarantees,
and the Company is the legal owner of these assets. The assets of the Company are independent from its
largest shareholder and other shareholders. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided
no guarantees for the debts of any of its shareholders and their subsidiaries by using its assets or reputation
as the collateral. The Company had full control and use right over its assets, and there had been no
circumstance under which the interests of the Company were damaged due to the largest shareholder’s
occupation of any of its assets and funds.

4. Information about organizational independence                                                                           About Us

In strict compliance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the
Company has set up a sound corporate governance structure, under which the general meeting, the Board
of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, the senior management and relevant operating management
departments have been formed. The general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee
and the senior management are in good operation and exercise their respective functions and powers
pursuant to the law. The Company owns an independent and complete system for securities business


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
operation and management, and conducts business on its own. The organizations are set up and run in
compliance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC. The existing offices and premises of the Company
are totally separate from its shareholders without the circumstances of sharing organizations with them or

                                                                                                                         and Strategies
their direct intervention in the Company’s business activities.

5. Information about financial independence

As required by the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the Financial Systems of Securities
Firms, the Company has established an independent financial accounting and management system, set
up an independent accounting department, and employed independent financial accountants. The chief
financial officer and financial personnel of the Company held no positions in its shareholders. The Company




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
has opened an independent bank account, applied for an independent tax registration and paid taxes in
accordance with laws and regulations. The Company shared no accounts and taxes with its shareholders
and related parties.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided no guarantees for its shareholders and other
related parties. During the Reporting Period, the Company experienced no peer competition and related-
party transactions resulted from shareholding reform, features of the industry and national policies or
mergers and acquisitions.

CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS, DE FACTO CONTROLLERS AND OTHER UNITS UNDER THEIR CONTROL
ENGAGED IN SAME OR SIMILAR BUSINESSES AS THE COMPANY AND IMPACTS OF HORIZONTAL



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
COMPETITIONS OR SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN HORIZONTAL COMPETITIONS ON THE COMPANY,
SOLUTIONS ADOPTED, SOLVING PROGRESS AND SUBSEQUENT SOLUTIONS




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
In July 2010 and with the approval of the People’s Government of Jiangsu Province, Jiangsu SASAC decided
to transfer the state-owned equities in Jiangsu Sainty International Group Limited to Guoxin Group, the
largest shareholder of the Company. Guoxin Group directly and indirectly held 78.5% equities of Jintai
Futures Co., Ltd., and became the controlling shareholder of Jintai Futures Co., Ltd. Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.
is principally engaged in commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment
consultancy and asset management, which has horizontal competition with Huatai Futures, a subsidiary by
the Company.

To avoid the abovementioned horizontal competition, on June 10, 2014, the Company organized the
convening of the sixth meeting of the third session of the Board and the fourth meeting of the third session
of the Supervisory Committee, which considered and approved the Resolution on Avoiding Horizontal
Competition in Futures Businesses Between Jiangsu Guoxin and Huatai Securities and submitted to the




                                                                                                                  115
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2014 second extraordinary general meeting convened on June 26, 2014 for consideration and approval.
          Meanwhile, the independent Directors of the Company expressed independent opinions on the resolution.
          They believed that such horizontal competition has no significant effect on the operation and development
          of Huatai Securities and the interests of minority shareholders and the resolution is in line with relevant
          regulations of the CSRC and beneficial to the legitimate interests of investors, small and medium investors
          in particular, and meets the requirements of Huatai Securities on maximizing shareholders’ interests.

          On June 27, 2014, Guoxin Group re-signed the Letter of Undertaking on Waiving Horizontal Competition
          and Conflict of Interests based on relevant regulations and the requirements of the resolutions at the 2014
          second extraordinary general meeting of the Company. For the details of the announcement on the change
          of such undertaking, please refer to the announcement (Lin No. 2014-047) on the performance and change
          of undertaking by the Company’s shareholder dated June 28, 2014.



          III. BRIEF INTRODUCTIONS TO THE GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                                                                                                         Date of
                                                                                                                                         disclosure
                                                                                                               Enquiry index of the      of the
                                                                                                               websites designated       publication
                         Convening                                                                             for publication of the    of the
          Meeting        date        Resolutions                                                               resolutions               resolutions    Status

                                     1. To consider the 2023 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                     2. To consider the 2023 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee
                                     of the Company;
                                     3. To consider the 2023 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                     4. To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Annual Report of the
                                     Company;
                                     5. To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Profit Distribution Plan of
                                     the Company;
                                     6. To consider the Resolution on Proposal to the General Meeting
                                     to Authorize the Board to Decide on the Interim Profit Distribution
                                     for 2024;
                                     7. To consider the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary
                                     Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2024;
                                     8. To consider the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount
                                     for the Proprietary Business of the Company for 2024;                     https://www.sse.com.cn
                                                                                                                                                       All resolutions
                                     9. To consider the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the                https://www.hkexnews.hk
          2023 Annual                                                                                                                                  were
                         June 20,    Accounting Firms of the Company for 2024 ;                                https://www.
          General                                                                                                                        June 21, 2024 considered
                         2024        10. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties of the                londonstockexchange.
          Meeting                                                                                                                                      and
                                     Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company for 2023;              com
                                                                                                                                                       approved.
                                     11. To consider the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry   https://www.htsc.com.cn
                                     as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Sixth Session of
                                     the Board of the Company;
                                     12. To consider the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Lv Wei as a
                                     Non-employee Representative Supervisor of the Sixth Session of
                                     the Supervisory Committee of the Company;
                                     13. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of
                                     Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                                     14. Debriefing of the Report on Performance Assessment and
                                     Remuneration of the Directors of the Company for 2023;
                                     15. Debriefing of the Report on Performance Assessment and
                                     Remuneration of the Supervisors of the Company for 2023;
                                     16. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Duties, Performance
                                     Assessment and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the
                                     Company for 2023.


                                                                                                               https://www.sse.com.cn                  The
                                                                                                               https://www.hkexnews.hk                 resolution
          2024 First A               To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of
                         June 20,                                                                              https://www.                            was
          Share Class                Part of the Restricted A Shares by                                                                  June 21, 2024
                         2024                                                                                  londonstockexchange.                    considered
          Meeting                    the Company.
                                                                                                               com                                     and
                                                                                                               https://www.htsc.com.cn                 approved.


                                                                                                               https://www.sse.com.cn                  The
                                                                                                               https://www.hkexnews.hk                 resolution
          2024 First H
                         June 20,    To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of              https://www.                            was
          Share Class                                                                                                                    June 21, 2024
                         2024        Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company.                           londonstockexchange.                    considered
          Meeting
                                                                                                               com                                     and
                                                                                                               https://www.htsc.com.cn                 approved.




116
                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Description of general meetings

None of the shareholders of the Company are holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered.
Therefore, none of the extraordinary general meetings was convened by holders of preference shares with
voting rights restored, nor was any general meeting proposed to be convened, convened or chaired by the
holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered during the Reporting Period.



IV. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

                                                                                                                                                                           About Us
(I) Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                              Currency: RMB Unit: Ten thousand shares

                                                                                                                                   Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                  remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                  received from    received
                                                                                                                                  the Company      remuneration
                                                                                 Number                                               during the   from any
                                                                                of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected



                                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                 Period (Ten   party of the
                                                 Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason     Thousand     Company
Name           Position             Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    or not




                                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Zhang Wei      Chairman             Male   60    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –          81.24 No

               Executive Director                2007-12-06     2025-12-29

               Employee
               representative                    2022-12-30     2025-12-29
               Director
Zhou Yi                             Male   55                                      72.00         72.00            –             –         144.00 No
               Chief executive
               officer, Chairman
                                                 2019-10-29     2025-12-29
               of the Executive
               Committee




                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
               Non-executive
Ding Feng                           Male   56    2018-10-22     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
               Director

Chen           Non-executive
                                    Male   57    2022-06-22     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
Zhongyang      Director

               Non-executive
Ke Xiang                            Male   50    2021-02-08     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
               Director

Liu       Non-executive
                                    Male   50    2023-11-24     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
Changchun Director

               Non-executive
Zhang Jinxin                        Male   53    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – No
               Director

Wang           Independent non-
                                    Male   50    2020-06-18     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         24.00 No
Jianwen        executive Director




                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Wang           Independent non-
                                    Male   56    2022-06-22     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         24.00 No
Quansheng      executive Director

               Independent non-




                                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Peng Bing                           Male   52    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         24.00 No
               executive Director

               Independent non-
Wang Bing                           Male   46    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         24.00 No
               executive Director

Lo Kin Wing    Independent non-
                                    Male   65    2024-06-20     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –          14.00 No
Terry          executive Director

               Employee
               representative                    2019-04-26     2025-12-29
               Supervisor
Gu
                                    Male   59                                          –             –            –             –         109.44 No
Chengzhong Chairman of
               the Supervisory                   2021-10-29     2025-12-29
               Committee

Lv Wei         Supervisor           Male   36    2024-06-20     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes




                                                                                                                                                                  117
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                            Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                           remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                           received from    received
                                                                                                                                           the Company      remuneration
                                                                                          Number                                               during the   from any
                                                                                         of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                                         Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                 Period (Ten   party of the
                                                          Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason     Thousand     Company
          Name         Position              Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    or not

          Yu Lanying   Supervisor            Female 53    2018-10-22     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes

          Zhang
                       Supervisor            Female 57    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
          Xiaohong

          Zhou
                       Supervisor            Female 52    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
          Hongrong

                       Employee
          Wang Ying                          Female 45    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         100.32 No
                       Supervisor

                       Employee
          Wang Juan                          Female 46    2021-10-29     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –          65.16 No
                       Supervisor

                       Member of
          Han          the Executive
                                             Male   57    2022-04-08     2025-12-29         60.00         60.00            –             –          111.90 No
          Zhencong     Committee, Chief
                       information officer

                       Member of
          Sun Hanlin   the Executive         Male   59    2019-12-16     2025-12-29         60.00         60.00            –             –         115.20 No
                       Committee

                       Member of
          Jiang Jian   the Executive         Male   58    2019-12-16     2025-12-29         60.00         60.00            –             –         115.20 No
                       Committee

                       Member of
                       the Executive                      2019-12-16     2025-12-29
                       Committee
          Zhang Hui                          Male   49                                      60.00         60.00            –             –          111.90 No
                       Secretary of the
                                                          2017-04-26     2025-12-29
                       Board

                       Member of
          Chen
                       the Executive         Male   46    2020-02-18     2025-12-29         60.00         60.00            –             –         115.20 No
          Tianxiang
                       Committee

          Jiao         Chief financial
                                             Female 54    2020-03-05     2025-12-29         50.00         50.00            –             –         145.20 No
          Xiaoning     officer

                       General legal
                                                          2019-12-16     2025-12-29
                       counsel
          Jiao Kai                           Male   50                                      50.00         50.00            –             –         145.20 No
                       Chief compliance
                                                          2020-02-17     2025-12-29
                       officer

          Wang
                       Chief risk officer    Male   53    2017-03-16     2025-12-29         50.00         50.00            –             –        204.00 No
          Chong

                       Director of human
          Sun Yan                            Female 53    2022-12-30     2025-12-29          8.00          8.00            –             –         109.92 No
                       resources

                       Executive Director
          Yin Lihong                         Female 54    2022-06-22     2025-03-14             –             –            –             –         73.08 No
                       (resigned)

                       Independent non-
          Tse Yung Hoi executive Director    Male   72    2022-12-30     2024-06-20             –             –            –             –          12.00 No
                       (resigned)

                       Supervisor
          Li Chongqi                         Female 47    2022-12-30     2024-06-20             –             –            –             –             – No
                       (resigned)

          Total        /                     /      /     /              /                 530.00        530.00            –             /       1,868.96 /


          Notes:
          1. On April 29, 2024, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Mr. Tse Yung Hoi, an independent non-executive
          Director. Mr. Tse Yung Hoi has proposed to resign from his positions as an independent non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board
          of the Company and as a member of the Audit Committee of the Board due to work reasons. As the resignation of Mr. Tse Yung Hoi will cause
          the proportion of independent non-executive Directors of the Company to the total members of the Board to be less than one-third, Mr. Tse
          Yung Hoi has promised to continue to perform his duties until the date when a new independent non-executive Director is appointed. There is
          no disagreement between Mr. Tse Yung Hoi and the Board of the Company, and there is no matter in relation to his resignation that needs to
          be notified to the shareholders of the Company. Mr. Tse Yung Hoi has also confirmed that he is not a party involved in any on-going or pending
          litigation or dispute against the Company.




118
2. According to the relevant requirements of the Rules for Governance of Securities Companies (《證券公司治理準則》) promulgated by the CSRC
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
and the Articles of Association, Shareholder(s) severally or jointly holding no less than 3% of the outstanding voting shares of the Company may
recommend candidates for Supervisors (non-employee representative Supervisors) to the Supervisory Committee.
As Guoxin Group, a shareholder holding more than 3% of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, has nominated Mr. Lv Wei as a
candidate for non-employee representative Supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee, Ms. Li Chongqi will cease to be a non-
employee representative Supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee due to business commitments. There is no disagreement
between Ms. Li Chongqi and the Supervisory Committee, and there is no matter in relation to her resignation that needs to be notified to the
shareholders of the Company.
3. On June 20, 2024, the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Sixth Session of the
Board and the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Lv Wei as a Non-employee Representative Supervisor of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory
Committee were considered and approved at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company. From June 20, 2024, Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry
performed his duty as an independent non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company succeeding Mr. Tse Yung Hoi
for a term until the end of the term of the current session of the Board; Mr. Lv Wei performed his duty as a Supervisor of the sixth session of the


                                                                                                                                                               About Us
Supervisory Committee of the Company succeeding Ms. Li Chongqi for a term until the end of the term of the current session of the Supervisory
Committee.
4. On March 14, 2025, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Ms. Yin Lihong, an executive Director. Ms. Yin Lihong
has proposed to resign from her positions as an executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company and as a member of the
Nomination Committee of the Board due to work adjustment, upon which she no longer holds any position in the Company. Ms. Yin Lihong has
no unfulfilled public commitments or obligations, there is no disagreement between her and the Board of the Company, and there is no matter
in relation to her resignation that needs to be notified to the shareholders and creditors of the Company. Ms. Yin Lihong has also confirmed that
she is not a party involved in any on-going or pending litigation or dispute against the Company.
5. The aforesaid figures on total pre-tax remuneration represent the remuneration accrued and distributed for 2024 earned by Directors,
Supervisors and senior management of the Company during the period in which they held relevant positions; and it was implemented in
accordance with relevant policies of competent authorities and the Company’s relevant remuneration assessment system.




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
6. The final remuneration distributed for 2024 for Directors, Supervisors and senior management who received compensation from the Company
is still in the process of confirmation, and the rest will be disclosed separately after confirmation.
7. The remuneration of the Directors that are the persons in charge of provincial financial enterprises shall be implemented in accordance with
the Interim Measures for the Administration of Remuneration of Persons in Charge of Provincial Financial Enterprises in Jiangsu Province (《江蘇省



                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
省管金融企業負責人薪酬管理暫行辦法》).



Name                Primary work experience
                    Master of business administration, senior economist and senior engineer. He once worked
                    in Jiangsu Electronic Industry Research Institute ( 江 蘇 省 電 子 工 業 綜 合 研 究 所 ) and Jiangsu
                    Electronic Industry Bureau. He worked as secretary to the board of directors and assistant
                    general manager, deputy general manager, general manager and deputy secretary of the
                    party committee of Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇宏圖高科技股份有限公司 ). He also




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Zhang Wei           served as director, general manager, deputy secretary of the party committee, secretary of
                    the party committee and chairman of the board of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技
                    投資集團有限公司 ). Mr. Zhang has been the secretary of the party committee of the Company
                    since March 2019 and has been chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company since
                    December 2019 with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to
                    December 2025.
                    Bachelor of computer communications. Mr. Zhou once served as the chairman of the board
                    of directors of Jiangsu Bei’er Communication System Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 貝 爾 通 信 系 統 有 限 公 司 )
                    and Nanjing Xinwang Telecom Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技股份有限公司 ). He joined the
                    Company in August 2006, and once served as deputy secretary of the party committee,



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Zhou Yi             President, secretary of the party committee, the chairman of the Board of Directors and
                    party committee member of the Company, etc. He has been a Director of the Company
                    since December 2007, and has been chief executive officer and chairman of the Executive



                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                    Committee of the Company since October 2019 with a term of office in current session of the
                    Board and the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                                                      119
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name        Primary work experience
                      Master of business administration and senior accountant. He served as accountant of the
                      finance department of China Songhai Industrial Corporation ( 中國嵩海實業總公司 ) in Xiamen
                      Special Economic Zone from August 1990 to November 1992; chief accountant of the finance
                      department of China North Industries Corporation Xiamen Branch ( 中國北方工業廈門公司 ) from
                      December 1992 to September 1995; deputy section chief of the finance department of Jiangsu
                      International Trust and Investment Company ( 江蘇省國際信託投資公司 ) from October 1995 to
                      August 2002; project manager of the finance department of Guoxin Group from August 2002
                      to September 2004; head of the finance department (manager assistant) and deputy general
                      manager of Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 ) from
                      September 2004 to December 2009; deputy general manager of the finance department of
          Ding Feng
                      Guoxin Group from December 2009 to December 2010; (standing) vice president of Jiangsu
                      Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. ( 國信集團財務有限公司 ) from December 2010 to December 2011;
                      president and deputy secretary of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co.,
                      Ltd. from January 2012 to March 2018; the general manager of finance department of Guoxin
                      Group from March 2018 to December 2024; and the deputy secretary of the Party Committee
                      and director of Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited from December 2024 to March
                      2025. He has been the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, a director and the general
                      manager of Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited since March 2025. He has been a
                      Director of the Company since October 2018 with a term of office in current session of the Board
                      from December 2022 to December 2025.
                      Master’s degree in highway, urban road and airport engineering and is a senior engineer of
                      the researcher rank. He served as a staff member and the Deputy Section Chief (presiding
                      over the work) of the Planning Division of the Jiangsu Expressway Command Office from June
                      1992 to November 2000; and the deputy manager (presiding over the work) of the Operation
                      and Development Department of Jiangsu Jinghu Expressway Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇京滬高速公路有限公
                      司 ) from November 2000 to August 2001; an employee (senior engineer), the Deputy Director
                      and Director of the Road Assets and Interests Section of Jiangsu Communications Industry
                      Group Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 交 通 產 業 集 團 有 限 公 司 ) from August 2001 to October 2004; the Deputy
                      Director of the Operation Safety Department, Deputy Director of the Engineering Technology
                      Department, Deputy Director of the Engineering Technology Department, Deputy Director of
          Chen        the Expansion Project Office, Director of the Expansion Project Office, Deputy Director of the
          Zhongyang   Engineering Technology Department, and Director of Corporate Management and Legal
                      Affairs Department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 交 通 控 股 有 限 公 司 )
                      from October 2004 to November 2017; the Chairman, Party Secretary and General Manager,
                      and Chairman and Party Secretary of Jiangsu Jinghu Expressway Co., Ltd. from November
                      2017 to April 2019; the Party Secretary and Director of Jiangsu Expressway Operation and
                      Management Center ( 江蘇省高速公路經營管理中心 ) and the assistant to the General Manager
                      of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from April 2019 to July 2020. He has been the
                      Deputy General Manager and member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Communications
                      Holding Co., Ltd. since July 2020 (concurrently served as the general counsel from December
                      2022 to September 2023). He has served as a Director of the Company since June 2022 with
                      a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.




120
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Name           Primary work experience
               Doctoral degree in corporate management and senior engineer. From August 1996 to
               October 2002, he successively served as staff member of the infrastructure investment
               division, staff member and deputy senior staff member of the agriculture division of Jiangsu
               Provincial Department of Finance. From October 2002 to August 2020, he worked at Jiangsu
               Communications Holding Co., Ltd. and successively served as assistant to the director of the
               office, deputy director of the office, deputy director of the operation and safety department,
               deputy director of the Toll Management Center of Expressway Network of Jiangsu
               Province, director of the Information Center and deputy director of the office, director of
Ke Xiang
               the development strategy and policy regulation research office, deputy director of the
               investment and development department, director of the strategic research office, deputy                  About Us
               director of the corporate management and legal affairs department, and director of the
               strategic planning department. Since August 2020, he has been deputy general manager
               and member of the party committee of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. Since November 2020,
               he has been deputy general manager, member of the party committee and general counsel
               of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. He has been a Director of the Company since February 2021
               with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
               Master’s degree in national economy and is a senior political engineer. He served as a


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
               cadre, staff member and senior staff member of the Counsellors’ Office of Jiangsu Provincial
               People’s Government from August 1996 to July 2003; senior staff member of the General


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
               Division of the Elderly Cadre Bureau of Jiangsu Provincial Committee from July 2003 to
               August 2004; senior staff member, principal staff member and deputy director of the
               General Division (Policy and Regulations Division) of the office of the State-owned Assets
               Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial People’s Government (Party
               Committee Office) from August 2004 to January 2015; deputy general manager (department
               general manager level), general manager of the strategic planning department, director
               of the Party Committee office, secretary to the board of directors, director of the office of
Liu            the board of directors, general manager of the human resources department (organization




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Changchun      department of the Party Committee) and deputy director of the Inspection Work Office of
               the Party Committee of SOHO Holdings from January 2015 to August 2020; vice president,
               member of the Party Committee and secretary to the board of directors of Jiangsu
               SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. from August 2020 to September 2020; the vice president, a
               member of the Party Committee, secretary to the board of directors and general counsel
               of Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. from September 2020 to September 2024; deputy
               secretary of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Port Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省港口集團有限公司 )
               from September 2024 to December 2024; and has served as deputy secretary of the Party
               Committee and director of Jiangsu Port Group Co., Ltd. since December 2024. He has served
               as a Director of the Company since November 2023 with a term of office in current session
               of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
               Doctoral degree in industrial economics. From July 1994 to September 1997, he served as
               intern researcher in the Institute of Occupational Medicine of the General Research Institute
               of Coal Science ( 煤 炭 科 學 研 究 總 院 職 業 醫 學 研 究 所 ); from March 2000 to September 2001,



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
               he served as analyst in the development strategy department of Lenovo Group Limited;
               from July 2005 to September 2017, he served as the lecturer and associate professor of
               accounting and deputy head of the accounting department at the School of Economics and
Zhang Jinxin   Management of Beijing Jiaotong University; from September 2017 to June 2023, he has served
               as the deputy general manager of the research and planning department of Chengtong
               Fund Management Company Limited ( 誠通基金管理有限公司 ) from June 2023 to present, he
               has served as the general manager of the research and planning department of Chengtong
               Fund Management Company Limited. He has served as a Director of the Company since
               December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to
               December 2025.




                                                                                                                121
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name        Primary work experience
                      Doctoral degree in civil and commercial law. From August 1998 to May 2006, he taught
                      at Nanjing Tech Law School. From May 2006 to May 2016, he taught at Hohai University
                      School of Law. From May 2016 to April 2021, he has been a professor, doctor-postgraduate
                      supervisor and dean at the College of Humanities and Social Sciences of Nanjing University
                      of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and has been a professor and doctor-postgraduate
                      supervisor at the Law School of Nanjing University and the director of the Competing
                      Policy and Corporate Compliance Research Center of Nanjing University since May 2021.
                      He successively served as member of the legal expert pool of Jiangsu Provincial Party
          Wang        Committee (first session and second session), decision-making advisory expert of the
          Jianwen     thirteenth session of the Standing Committee of Jiangsu Provincial People’s Congress, legal
                      advisor of Jiangsu Political Consultative Conference (first session and second session),
                      non-permanent member of the selection committee of judges and prosecutors of Jiangsu
                      Province (second session and third session), associate expert of the leader group of the
                      Jiangsu Provincial Administration of Market Regulation, specially invited advisory expert
                      of Nanjing Intermediate People’s Court, legal advisor of Nanjing Qinhuai District Party
                      Committee and other positions. He has been an independent non-executive Director of
                      the Company since June 2020 with a term of office in current session of the Board from
                      December 2022 to December 2025.
                      Doctoral degree in business management. He served as a teaching assistant in the
                      Information Center of the Business School of Nanjing University from September 1993 to
                      August 1995; a lecturer in the Information Center of the Business School of Nanjing University
                      from September 1995 to March 2001; an associate professor and the Deputy Dean of the
                      Department of E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing University from April 2001 to
                      September 2008; an associate professor and the Dean of the Department of E-commerce
                      of the Business School of Nanjing University from September 2008 to December 2010; a
          Wang
                      professor and the Dean of the Department of E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing
          Quansheng
                      University from January 2011 to July 2013; a professor and the Dean of the Department of
                      Marketing and E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing University from July 2013
                      to September 2016; and a professor and the Deputy Dean of the Management School of
                      Nanjing University from September 2016 to November 2020. He has been a professor and
                      the Deputy Dean of the Business School of Nanjing University since November 2020. He has
                      served as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since June 2022 with a
                      term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
                      Doctoral degree in international law. From July 1993 to August 1994, he served as employee
                      of Chuzhou Sub-branch, Anhui Branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; from
                      April 2000 to July 2005, he served as lecturer at the Law School of Peking University; from July
                      2005 to July 2017, he served as associate professor at the Law School of Peking University;
                      from July 2017 to present, he has served as professor at the Law School of Peking University.
          Peng Bing   At present, he concurrently serves as arbitrator of Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration,
                      arbitrator of Beijing Arbitration Commission, mediator of Shenzhen Securities and Futures
                      Dispute Resolution Centre, and vice president and secretary general of China Business Law
                      Society. He has served as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since
                      December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to
                      December 2025.




122
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Name          Primary work experience
              Doctoral degree in accounting. From July 2007 to December 2011, he served as lecturer in
              the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School; from December 2011
              to December 2016, he served as associate professor in the Department of Accounting of
              Nanjing University Business School; from December 2016 to January 2022, he served as
              associate professor and secretary of the party branch of the Department of Accounting
              of Nanjing University Business School; from January 2022 to December 2022, he served as
              associate professor, deputy head of the Department and secretary of the party branch of
Wang Bing
              the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School; from December 2022 to
              January 2024, he served as professor, deputy head of the Department and secretary of the
              party branch of the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School; from                    About Us
              January 2024 to present, he has served as professor and deputy head of the Department
              of the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School. He has served as an
              independent non-executive Director of the Company since December 2022 with a term of
              office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
              Bachelor’s degree in sociology. From August 1982 to December 1988, he served as the
              manager of the actuarial department of American International Assurance Company,
              Limited; from December 1988 to August 1994, he served as the actuary of East Asia Aetna


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
              Insurance Company Limited; from August 1994 to December 1995, he served as the financial
              controller of HSBC Life Insurance Company Limited (Hong Kong); from December 1995


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
              to February 2006, he served as the CEO of Hang Seng Life Limited; from January 1996 to
              December 2007, he served as the CEO of HSBC Life Insurance Company Limited (Hong Kong);
Lo Kin Wing   from December 2007 to June 2009, he served as the person in charge of HSBC Life Insurance
Terry         Company Limited (China) (in preparation); from June 2009 to November 2012, he served as
              the CEO of HSBC Life Insurance Company Limited (China); from July 2013 to November 2013,
              he served as the vice president of BOC Group Life Assurance Company Limited (Hong Kong);
              from November 2013 to September 2019, he served as the executive president of BOC Group
              Life Assurance Company Limited (Hong Kong); from October 2013 to March 2020, he served




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
              as a consultant to BOC Group Life Assurance Company Limited (Hong Kong). He has been an
              independent non-executive Director of the Company since June 2024 with a term of office in
              the current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
           Master’s degree in coastal engineering. He once worked in Nanjing Public Security Bureau.
           He joined the Company in May 1998, and once worked as the general manager of Nanjing
           branch of the Company. He has been the general manager of the compliance and legal
Gu
           affairs department of the Company since January 2019 and an Employee Representative
Chengzhong
           Supervisor of the Company since April 2019. He has been the chairman of Supervisory
           Committee of the Company since October 2021 with a term of office in current session of the
           Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
              Master’s degree in information technology management. From June 2013 to November 2018,
              he successively served as a staff member, deputy principal staff member and principal staff
              member of the Foreign Funds Utilization Audit Division of Nanjing Special Commissioner’s Office




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
              of the National Audit Office; from November 2018 to March 2023, he successively served as the
              principal staff member, first-level principal staff member and deputy director of the Financial
Lv Wei        Audit Division of Nanjing Special Commissioner’s Office of the National Audit Office; from March
              2023 to August 2024, he served as the deputy general manager of the Audit Department of
              Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信集團有限公司 ); since August 2024, he has
              been the deputy general manager of Jiangsu Investment Management Co. Ltd ( 江蘇省投資管理
              有限責任公司 ). He has served as Supervisor of the Company since June 2024 with a term of office
              in the current session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                 123
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name         Primary work experience
                       Master’s degree in industrial economics, a principal senior accountant and certified public
                       accountant. She served at the finance department of Nanjing Runtai Industrial Trading
                       Company ( 南 京 潤 泰 實 業 貿 易 公 司 ) from August 1993 to August 1996. She pursued master’s
                       studies of industrial economics in Nanjing University of Science and Technology ( 南 京 理 工 大
                       學 ) from September 1996 to April 1999, served at the finance and audit department of Jiangsu
                       United Trust and Investment Company ( 江 蘇 聯 合 信 託 投 資 公 司 ) from May 1999 to December
                       2002. She worked at the finance and audit division of Jiangsu Communications Industry Group
                       Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 交 通 產 業 集 團 有 限 公 司 ) from January 2003 to September 2004, the finance and
                       audit department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 交 通 控 股 有 限 公 司 ) from
                       October 2004 to May 2008. She successively served as the deputy manager (in charge of work),
                       manager of the finance and accounting division, deputy chief financial officer (departmental
                       level), chief financial officer and member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Expressway
          Yu Lanying   Company Limited ( 江蘇寧滬高速公路股份有限公司 ) from June 2008 to November 2016. She served
                       as the deputy general manager, chief financial officer and member of the Party Committee of
                       Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited from November 2016 to March 2018, head of the audit
                       and risk control department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from March 2018 to
                       August 2018 and has served as head of the audit and risk control department and supervisor
                       of audit center of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from August 2018 to November
                       2019, head of the financial management department of Jiangsu Communications Holding
                       Co., Ltd. since November 2019 to June 2022, assistant to the general manager and head of the
                       financial management department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from June
                       2022 to August 2023, and chief accountant and member of the party committee of Jiangsu
                       Communications Holding Co., Ltd. since August 2023. She has served concurrently as Supervisor
                       of the Company since October 2018, with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory
                       Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.
                       Master’s degree in business administration and is an international business operator. Ms. Zhang
                       served as the export sales manager of Nanjing Native Produce and Animal Byproducts Import
                       and Export Co., Ltd. ( 南京市土產畜產進出口股份公司 ) from August 1989 to April 1997; assistant to
                       the manager and manager of Jiangsu Xinsu Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 鑫 蘇 投 資
                       管理有限公司 ) from April 1997 to November 2000; manager of Jiangsu Venture Capital Co., Ltd.
          Zhang        ( 江蘇省創業投資有限公司 ) from December 2000 to May 2005; senior manager, deputy general
          Xiaohong     manager of the asset management department, general manager of the asset management
                       department and general manager of the investment operations department of Govtor Capital
                       Group Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 高 科 技 投 資 集 團 有 限 公 司 ) from May 2005 to July 2020; and vice general
                       manager of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. since July 2020. She has served as a Supervisor of
                       the Company since December 2019, with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory
                       Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.
                       College degree in financial accounting and international trade and is a principal senior
                       accountant. From August 1993 to May 2003, she served as clerk of the garment finance division
                       and deputy section chief of the garment finance and accounting division of the asset finance
                       department of Jiangsu Silk Import & Export Group Co. Ltd.; from May 2003 to January 2010, she
                       served as deputy section chief of the garment finance and accounting division, deputy section
                       chief of the second accounting division, deputy section chief of the light textile finance and
                       accounting division, and head of the light textile finance and accounting division of the finance
                       department of Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.; from January 2010 to March 2012, she
          Zhou
                       served as assistant to the general manager of the asset and finance department of Jiangsu Silk
          Hongrong
                       Group Corporation; from March 2012 to December 2020, she served as deputy general manager
                       of asset and finance department and general manager of asset and finance department of
                       Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd.; from December 2020 to present, she has served as vice
                       president and member of the party committee of Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd.; from
                       August 2023 to present, she has served as chief accountant and party committee member
                       of Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. She has served as Supervisor of the Company since
                       December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from
                       December 2022 to December 2025.




124
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Name         Primary work experience
             Master’s degree in public administration. She once worked in the organization department of
             the Municipal Committee of Yangzhong and the Municipal Party Committee of Youth League
             in Yangzhong, and once served as deputy division chief of the public working division,
             deputy division chief of the Party construction work division and deputy division chief of the
             enterprise leadership personnel management division of the State-owned Assets Supervision
Wang Ying    and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial People’s Government, etc. She
             joined the Company in January 2016, and has served as the head of the Communist Party
             union working department of the Company since April 2016, an Employee Representative
             Supervisor of the Company since December 2019, and the chairman of labor union of the
             Company since December 2021, with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory                  About Us
             Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.
             Master of scientific socialist legal system construction. She once worked in the Publicity
             Department of the CPC Jiangsu Provincial Committee, and once served as a deputy director
             (presiding over the work), the head of the Communist Party union working department of
             the General Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management
             Group Co., Ltd., etc., during which, she once also served as an executive director and the
Wang Juan    general manager of Jiangsu Zijin Cultural and Creative Industry Development Company


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
             Limited. From July 2020 to February 2023, she served as the deputy director of the Office of
             the Company. She has been the Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
             October 2021, and the director of the Office of the Company since February 2023, with a term
             of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December
             2025.
             Doctor of management science and engineering and is a senior economist. He served as
             a member of the Leading Party Members’ Group and deputy general manager of China
             Telecom Jiangsu Company Limited ( 中國電信江蘇公司 ); the secretary of the Leading Party
             Members’ Group and general manager of China Telecom Heilongjiang Company Limited;
Han          the general manager of the government and enterprise customer business division of China




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Zhencong     Telecom, and the secretary of the Party Committee and general manager of China Telecom
             Zhejiang Company Limited, etc. He joined the Company in December 2019 and has been a
             member of the Executive Committee and the chief information officer of the Company since
             April 2022 with a term of office in current session of the senior management from December
             2022 to December 2025.
             Master of business administration, Mr. Sun once worked at Jiangsu Branch of the PBOC. He
             joined the Company in August 1997, and worked as the chief of human resources division,
             chief of the organization department, general manager of the human resources department,
Sun Hanlin   secretary of the discipline inspection commission, chief inspection officer, a member of
             the Party Committee and vice president of the Company, etc. He has been a member of




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
             Executive Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in current
             session of the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.
             Master of agricultural economics and management. Mr. Jiang once worked at Nanjing
             Agricultural University ( 南京農業大學 ). He joined the Company in December 1994, and once


                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
             served as the deputy general manager of the investment banking head office, the general
             manager of the asset management head office, general manager of the investment
Jiang Jian   banking business Nanjing head office, director of investment banking business and general
             manager of Nanjing head office, the secretary to the Board of Directors, vice president and a
             member of the Party Committee of the Company, etc. He has been a member of Executive
             Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in current session of
             the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                              125
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name          Primary work experience
                        Doctor of technology economics and management. He joined the Company in February
                        2003, and once served as a senior manager of the asset management head office, deputy
                        general manager of the business office at Nantong Yaogang Road, the general manager
                        of the business office at Shanghai Ruijin First Road, deputy general manager of securities
                        investment department, the general manager of the general affairs department, the general
          Zhang Hui
                        manager of the human resources department and head of the organization department of
                        the Party Committee of the Company. He has been the secretary to the Board of Directors
                        since April 2017, a member of the Executive Committee since December 2019 and party
                        committee member of the Company since July 2022, with a term of office in current session
                        of the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.
                        Master’s degree in control science and engineering. Mr. Chen once worked at Eastcom Co.,
                        Ltd. ( 東方通信股份有限公司 ) and Nanjing Xinwang Telecom Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技
                        股份有限公司 ). He joined the Company in September 2007, and once served as the deputy
          Chen          general manager of the head office of brokerage business, deputy general manager of the
          Tianxiang     internet finance department (in charge of work), general manager of the internet finance
                        department of the Company, etc. He has been a member of the Executive Committee of
                        the Company since February 2020, with a term of office in current session of the senior
                        management from December 2022 to December 2025.
                        Master’s degree of accounting, an accountant. She once worked at Industrial and Commercial
                        Bank of China Beijing Branch as well as the accounting department of Ministry of Finance ( 財政
                        部 ). She once served as deputy inspector and deputy director of the accounting department
          Jiao Xiaoning
                        of the CSRC, etc. She joined the Company in January 2020 and has been the chief financial
                        officer of the Company since March 2020, with a term of office in current session of the senior
                        management from December 2022 to December 2025.
                        Doctor of finance. Mr. Jiao was once the director of board of governors office and deputy
                        director of executive office, director of CPC Committee Office and director of board of
                        supervisors office, director of Beijing center, general manager of membership department
          Jiao Kai      of Shanghai Stock Exchange, etc. He joined the Company in December 2019 serving as the
                        general legal counsel of the Company and has been the chief compliance officer and
                        general legal counsel of the Company since February 2020 with a term of office in current
                        session of the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.
                     Master of computer and finance. Mr. Wang once worked at the treasury department/global
                     financial marketing department of Bank of China ( 中國銀行 ), the London Branch of Bank of
                     China, JP Morgan (UK), China International Capital Corporation (UK) Limited ( 中 國 國 際 金 融
          Wang Chong 有 限 公 司 ( 英 國 )). He joined the Company in December 2014, and once served as general
                     manager of risk management department of the Company. He has been the chief risk
                     officer of the Company since March 2017 with a term of office in current session of the senior
                     management from December 2022 to December 2025.
                        Bachelor of statistics. She joined the Company in August 1994, and once served as the
                        compensation and benefits manager of the human resources department, the assistant to
                        the general manager of the human resources department and the deputy general manager
                        of the human resources department of the Company, etc. She has been the general
          Sun Yan       manager of the human resources department and head of the organization department of
                        the Party Committee of the Company since March 2019; and director of human resources
                        of the Company since December 2022. She has been a member of the party committee
                        of the Company since October 2023 with a term of office in current session of the senior
                        management from December 2022 to December 2025.




126
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(II) Employment of Directors, Supervisors and senior management at present and
those retired during the Reporting Period

1. Employment at the Shareholders’ companies

                   Name of the                                    Commencement
Name of            Shareholder’s                                  of the term of      Expiration of the
employee           companies              Position                office              term of office
                   Jiangsu Guoxin
                                          General manager of the                      December 18,
Ding Feng          Investment Group                              March 8, 2018
                                                                                                                   About Us
                                          finance department                          2024
                   Limited
               Jiangsu                    Deputy general
Chen Zhongyang Communications             manager, party          June 8, 2020        –
               Holding Co., Ltd.          committee member
                                          Deputy general
                   Govtor Capital Group   manager, party          August 17, 2020     –
Ke Xiang
                   Co., Ltd.              committee member
                                          General legal counsel   November 11, 2020   –

                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                                          Vice president, party
                                                                  August 14, 2020
                                          committee member


                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                   Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Secretary to the board                       September 27,
Liu Changchun                                                     May 25, 2017
                   Group Co., Ltd.       of directors                                 2024
                                                                  September 28,
                                          General legal counsel
                                                                  2020
                   Jiangsu Guoxin         Deputy general
Lv Wei             Investment Group       manager of the audit March 17, 2023         August 5, 2024
                   Limited                department




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                   Jiangsu
                                          Chief accountant, party
Yu Lanying         Communications                                 August 28, 2023     –
                                          committee member
                   Holding Co., Ltd.
                   Govtor Capital Group   Deputy general
Zhang Xiaohong                                                    July 8, 2020        –
                   Co., Ltd.              manager
                                         Party committee
                   Jiangsu SOHO Holdings                          December 10, 2020 –
Zhou Hongrong                            member
                   Group Co., Ltd.
                                         Chief accountant         August 23, 2023     –
Explanation of the
employment at



                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                   Nil
the Shareholders’
Companies




                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                          127
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Employment at other companies

                                                                                      Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                     of the term of the term of
          employee    Name of other companies                      Position           office         office
                      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)                           November 28,
                                                                   Director                            –
                      Limited                                                         2006
                                                                                      October 31,      September 5,
                      AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.           Director
                                                                                      2016             2024
                      CSOP Asset Management Limited ( 南方東英                            November 7,
          Zhou Yi                                          Chairman                                    –
                      資產管理有限公司 )                                                      2017
                      China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                Chairman              May 27, 2022     –
                      ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )
                                                                                      September 20,
                      Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited   Director                         –
                                                                                      2022
                      Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇                                     November 27,
                                                                   Director           June 14, 2019
                      省聯合征信有限公司 )                                                                      2024
                      Jiangsu Guoxin Credit Financing Guarantee
                                                                Director              August 12, 2019 –
                      Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省國信信用融資擔保有限公司 )
                      Zking Property & Casualty Insurance Co.,                        February 20,
                                                                   Director                            –
                      Ltd. ( 紫金財產保險股份有限公司 )                                           2021
                                                                                      February 8,
                      Lian Life Co., Ltd. ( 利安人壽股份有限公司 )           Director                            –
                                                                                      2023
          Ding Feng
                                                                                                       December 19,
                                                                   Vice chairman      March 22, 2024
                                                                                                       2024
                                                                   Deputy secretary
                      Jiangsu International Trust Corporation      of the party,      December 19,
                                                                                                       –
                      Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )                    committee,         2024
                                                                   director
                                                                   General
                                                                                      March 18, 2025 –
                                                                   manager
          Chen
                    Jinling Hotel Co., Ltd. ( 金陵飯店股份有限公司 ) Director                   May 25, 2021     June 12, 2024
          Zhongyang
                      Jiangsu Addor Huijing Asset Management                          November 4,
                                                                   Director                            –
                      Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達匯景資產管理有限公司 )                                    2020
                      Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co., Ltd. Director, general     December 8,
                                                                                                       –
          Ke Xiang    ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )                          manager               2020
                      Jiangsu Fenghai New Energy Seawater
                                                                                      December 18,
                      Desalination Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇豐     Director                            –
                                                                                      2020
                      海新能源淡化海水發展有限公司 )
                                                                   Deputy secretary
                                                                                      September 27,
                                                                   of the party                        –
          Liu                                                                         2024
                    Jiangsu Port Group Co., Ltd.                   committee
          Changchun
                                                                                      December 3,
                                                                   Director                            –
                                                                                      2024




128
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                           Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                    of the term of the term of
employee    Name of other companies                       Position         office         office
            Shanxi Jinbo Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.     Independent
                                                                           March 12, 2020   –
            ( 山西錦波生物醫藥股份有限公司 )                            director
            Beijing Tiandetai Technology Company          Independent
                                                                           April 28, 2020   May 14, 2024
            Limited ( 北京天德泰科技股份有限公司 )                     director
Zhang       Gkht (Beijing) Medical Technology Co., Ltd.   Independent      December 12,
                                                                                            –
Jinxin      ( 國科恒泰 ( 北京 ) 醫療科技股份有限公司 )                    director         2022

                                                                                                                    About Us
                                                          General manager
            Chengtong Fund Management Company             of the research
                                                                          June 5, 2023      –
            Limited ( 誠通基金管理有限公司 )                        and planning
                                                          department
            Changshu Feifan Metalwork Co., Ltd. ( 常熟      Independent
                                                                           April 15, 2021   –
            非凡新材股份有限公司 )                                  director
            Law School of Nanjing University              Professor        May 1, 2021      –
            Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. ( 通富微電      Independent      December 16,


                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Wang                                                                                        –
            子股份有限公司 )                                     director         2021
Jianwen
            Nanjing Xinjiekou Department Store Co., Ltd. Independent       January 17,
                                                                                            –
            ( 南京新街口百貨商店股份有限公司 )

                                                                                                                  and Strategies
                                                         director          2023
            Trinapower Co., Ltd. ( 天合富家能源股份有限 Independent
                                                                           April 23, 2023   –
            公司 )                              director
                                                                           December 31,
                                                          Professor                         –
                                                                           2010
            Business School of Nanjing University
Wang                                                                       November 30,
                                                          Deputy dean                       –
Quansheng                                                                  2020
            Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. ( 南京鋼鐵股份有 Independent




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                                           June 30, 2022    –
            限公司 )                                    director
            Law School of Peking University               Professor        April 1, 2000    –
Peng Bing                                                 Independent      January 27,
            Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd.                                                       –
                                                          director         2025
            HIT Welding Industry Co., Ltd. ( 哈焊所華通 ( 常 Independent                          March 19,
                                                                           June 1, 2019
            州 ) 焊業股份有限公司 )                             director                             2024
            Kuangda Technology Group Co. Ltd. ( 曠達        Independent
                                                                           May 12, 2020     –
            科技集團股份有限公司 )                                  director
Wang Bing
            Jiangsu Jiuwu High-Tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇久吾 Independent
                                                                           June 20, 2022    –
            高科技股份有限公司 )


                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                                                     director
            Department of Accounting of the Business                       December 31,
                                                          Professor                         –
            School of Nanjing University                                   2022




                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
Lo Kin Wing                                               Non-executive    December 28,
            Insurance Authority (Hong Kong)                                                 –
Terry                                                     director         2021
            Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華                    January 18,
                                                          Supervisor                        –
Gu          泰紫金投資有限責任公司 )                                                  2019
Chengzhong Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權                                         January 20,
                                                          Supervisor       March 18, 2020
            交易中心有限責任公司 )                                                                    2025




                                                                                                           129
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                      Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                     of the term of the term of
          employee     Name of other companies                      Position          office         office
                       Jiangsu Software Industry Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省
                                                                    Director          July 20, 2023    –
                       軟件產業股份有限公司 )
                                                                   Chairman of
                       Jiangsu Coastal Gas Pipeline Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                                   the supervisory    August 2, 2023   –
                       省沿海輸氣管道有限公司 )
                                                                   committee
                       Jiangsu Guoxin Group (Ningguo) Pumped        Chairman of
                                                                                      September 22,    November 29,
                       Storage Power Generation Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省     the supervisory
                                                                                      2023             2024
          Lv Wei       國信集團 ( 寧國 ) 抽水蓄能發電有限公司 )                     committee
                                                                    Chairman of
                                                                                      October 30,
                       Hong Kong Broadsino Investment Co., Ltd.     the supervisory                    –
                                                                                      2023
                                                                    committee
                       Jiangsu Investment Management Co., Ltd.      Deputy general
                                                                                      August 5, 2024 –
                       ( 江蘇省投資管理有限責任公司 )                            manager
                       Wuxi Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd.                     January 17,
                                                                    Director                           –
                       ( 無錫市創新投資集團有限公司 )                                              2025
                       Jiangsu Re-guarantee Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇                                       August 12,
                                                                 Supervisor           May 27, 2018
                       省信用再擔保集團有限公司 )                                                                  2024
                                                                   Chairman of
                       Jiangsu Salt Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省                    December 3,
                                                                   the supervisory                     –
                       鹽業集團有限責任公司 )                                                   2018
                                                                   committee
                       Jiangsu Jinsuzheng Investment and
                                                                                      December 3,
                       Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金蘇證投資發展有 Director                                     –
                                                                                      2018
                       限公司 )
          Yu Lanying   Bank of Nanjing Co., Ltd. ( 南京銀行股份有限公                          September 16,    January 8,
                                                             Director
                       司)                                                             2020             2024
                       Jiangsu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金融                     February 7,
                                                                  Director                             –
                       租賃股份有限公司 )                                                     2024
                       Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限
                                                                    Director          May 17, 2024     –
                       公司 )
                                                               Chairman of
                       Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省鐵路
                                                               the supervisory        June 21, 2024    –
                       集團有限公司 )
                                                               committee




130
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                             Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                      of the term of the term of
employee     Name of other companies                     Position            office         office
                                                   Legal
             Jiangsu Talent Innovation and Venture representative,
             Service Center Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省人才創新創業 executive director October 9, 2019 –
             服務中心有限公司 )                            and general
                                                   manager
                                                       Legal
             Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                       About Us
                                                       representative,       August 26, 2021 –
             ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )
                                                       chairman
             Jiangsu Xinxin Retail Innovation Fund Designated
             (Limited Partnership) ( 江蘇新新零售創新基金 representative of August 26, 2021 –
Zhang        ( 有限合夥 ))                             executive partner
Xiaohong                                                 Legal
             Jiangsu Govtor Innovation Investment Co.,
                                                         representative,    April 18, 2023    –
             Ltd. ( 江蘇高投創新投資有限責任公司 )
                                                         executive director



                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
             Jiangsu Addor Equity Investment Fund
             Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達股權投資基            Supervisor          June 26, 2023    –
             金管理有限公司 )

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
             Jiangsu Strategic and Emerging Industries
                                                                             September 21,
             Parent Fund Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省戰略性新興產業          Supervisor                           –
                                                                             2023
             母基金有限公司 )
             Wuxi Zhanxin Private Fund Management
                                                         Director            August 16, 2024 –
             Co., Ltd. ( 無錫戰新私募基金管理有限公司 )
             Huatai International Financial Holdings
Han                                                                          October 2,
             Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公               Director                             –




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Zhencong                                                                     2024
             司)
                                                      Legal
             Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權
Sun Hanlin                                            representative,        March 1, 2021    March 6, 2024
             交易中心有限責任公司 )
                                                      chairman
             Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限
Jiang Jian                                               Director            May 16, 2012     –
             公司 )
             China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.                       October 18,
Zhang Hui                                              Director                               –
             ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )                                                2016
             Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
Chen
             Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director                  March 30, 2018 –



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Tianxiang
             管理有限公司 )
                                                                                              September 5,
             AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.          Chairman            April 21, 2020
                                                                                              2024



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
             Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
Jiao
             Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director                  August 10, 2020 –
Xiaoning
             管理有限公司 )
             Huatai International Financial Holdings                         October 2,
                                                     Director                                 –
             Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公司 )                                2024




                                                                                                              131
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                         Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                        of the term of the term of
          employee     Name of other companies                      Position             office         office
                       Huatai International Financial Holdings                           February 28,
                                                               Director                                  –
                       Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公司 )                                  2018
                       Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                                    Chief risk officer   July 30, 2018   –
          Wang         Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 )
          Chong                                                                          September 28,
                       Huatai Securities USA Holdings, Inc.         Director                           –
                                                                                         2018
                                                                                         September 28,
                       Huatai Securities (USA), Inc.                Director                           –
                                                                                         2018
                                                                                         January 24,
                       BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Limited Chairman                                 –
                                                                                         2003
                       BOCOM International Holdings Company         Independent
                                                                                         June 26, 2014   –
          Tse Yung     Limited                                      director
          Hoi                                                       Independent
                       Qianhai Financial Holding Limited                                 July 21, 2014   March 1, 2024
                                                                    director
                                                                    Independent          January 16,
                       Vico International Holdings Limited                                               March 1, 2024
                                                                    director             2018
                                                                    Director             May 20, 2020    June 21, 2024
                       Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省鐵路 Chief accountant,
                       集團有限公司 )
                                                                                 August 28,
                                                               party committee                           –
                                                                                 2023
          Li Chongqi                                           member
                       Jiangsu Radio and Television Information
                       Network Investment Company Limited ( 江       Vice chairman        May 20, 2020    –
                       蘇省廣播電視信息網絡投資有限公司 )
          Explanation
          of other    Nil
          jobs




          (III) Remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management
                                                                                                             Currency: RMB


                                        The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible for
           Decision-making              advising the Board on the remuneration structure and policies of the Directors
           procedures of                and senior management of the Company. The Board makes decisions on
           remuneration of the          matters relating to the remuneration of and reward and punishment of senior
           Directors, Supervisors and   management in accordance with relevant policies, and matters relating to
           senior management            the remuneration of Directors and Supervisors shall be determined at the
                                        general meeting.

           Whether the Director
           abstains from discussion
                                        Yes
           on his/her remuneration
           at the Board meeting




132
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Recommendation on
                                      On March 27, 2025, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the sixth
salaries of the Directors,
                                      session of the Board of the Company considered and approved the Report
Supervisors and senior
                                      on Performance Assessment and Remuneration of the Supervisors of the
management from
                                      Company for 2024 and the Report on Performance of Duties, Performance
the Remuneration and
                                      Assessment and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company
Appraisal Committee or
                                      for 2024 at its 2025 first meeting, and agreed to submit these two resolutions
the special meeting of the
                                      to the Board of the Company for consideration.
independent Directors

                                      The external Directors and external Supervisors of the Company do not

                                                                                                                                                       About Us
                                      receive remuneration from the Company; standard of remuneration of the
                                      independent Directors is determined with reference to that of the listed peers
The basis for determining
                                      and based on actual situation of the Company; remuneration of internal
the remuneration of the
                                      Directors, employee representative Supervisors and the senior management
Directors, Supervisors and
                                      applies relevant policies of competent authorities and the remuneration
senior management
                                      assessment system of the Company, and determined in accordance with the
                                      Company’s operation, job responsibilities and the result of annual and tenure
                                      performance, as it is linked to position and performance.



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
Actual payments of
                                      Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
remuneration of the
                                      current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during


                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
Directors, Supervisors and
                                      the Reporting Period” in this report for details.
senior management

Total remuneration
actually obtained by all
                                      Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
Directors, Supervisors and
                                      current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during
senior management at
                                      the Reporting Period” in this report for details.
the end of the Reporting
Period




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
(IV) Changes in Directors, Supervisors and senior management

Name                Position                                         Change           Reason for Change
Lo Kin Wing                                                                           Elected at the 2023 annual general
                    Independent non-executive Director Elected
Terry                                                                                 meeting
                                                                                      Elected at the 2023 annual general
Lv Wei              Supervisor                                       Elected
                                                                                      meeting



                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                                                                      Due to work adjustment, she will no
Yin Lihong          Executive Director                               Resigned         longer serve as an executive Director of
                                                                                      the Company




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                                                                                      Due to work reasons, he will no longer
Tse Yung Hoi        Independent non-executive Director Resigned                       serve as an independent non-executive
                                                                                      Director of the Company
                                                                                      Due to work reasons, she will no longer
Li Chongqi          Supervisor                                       Resigned
                                                                                      serve as a Supervisor of the Company

Notes:
1. On April 29, 2024, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Mr. Tse Yung Hoi, an independent non-executive
Director. Mr. Tse Yung Hoi has proposed to resign as an independent non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company
and a member of the Audit Committee of the Board due to work reasons. As the resignation of Mr. Tse Yung Hoi will cause the proportion
of independent non-executive Directors of the Company to the total members of the Board to be less than one-third, Mr. Tse Yung Hoi
has promised to continue to perform his duties until the date when a new independent non-executive Director is appointed. There is no
disagreement between Mr. Tse Yung Hoi and the Board of the Company, and there is no matter in relation to his resignation that needs to be




                                                                                                                                              133
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          notified to the shareholders of the Company. Mr. Tse Yung Hoi has also confirmed that he is not a party involved in any on-going or pending
          litigation or dispute against the Company.
          2. According to the relevant requirements of the Rules for Governance of Securities Companies (《證券公司治理準則》) promulgated by the CSRC
          and the Articles of Association, Shareholder(s) severally or jointly holding no less than 3% of the outstanding voting shares of the Company may
          recommend candidates for Supervisors (non-employee representative Supervisors) to the Supervisory Committee.
          As Guoxin Group, a shareholder holding more than 3% of the outstanding voting shares of the Company, has nominated Mr. Lv Wei as a
          candidate for non-employee representative Supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee, Ms. Li Chongqi will cease to be a non-
          employee representative Supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee due to business commitments. There is no disagreement
          between Ms. Li Chongqi and the Supervisory Committee, and there is no matter in relation to her resignation that needs to be notified to the
          shareholders of the Company.
          3. On June 20, 2024, the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Sixth Session of the
          Board and the Resolution on the Election of Mr. Lv Wei as a Non-employee Representative Supervisor of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory
          Committee were considered and approved at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company. From June 20, 2024, Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry
          performed his duty as an independent non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company succeeding Mr. Tse Yung Hoi
          for a term until the end of the term of the current session of the Board; Mr. Lv Wei performed his duty as a Supervisor of the sixth session of the
          Supervisory Committee of the Company succeeding Ms. Li Chongqi for a term until the end of the term of the current session of the Supervisory
          Committee.
          4. Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry obtained the legal advice as required under Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules on June 20, 2024, and has
          confirmed that he understood his obligations as a director of the Company.
          5. On March 14, 2025, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Ms. Yin Lihong, an executive Director. Ms. Yin Lihong
          has proposed to resign from her positions as an executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company and as a member of the
          Nomination Committee of the Board due to work adjustment, upon which she no longer holds any position in the Company. Ms. Yin Lihong has
          no unfulfilled public commitments or obligations, there is no disagreement between her and the Board of the Company, and there is no matter
          in relation to her resignation that needs to be notified to the shareholders and creditors of the Company. Ms. Yin Lihong has also confirmed that
          she is not a party involved in any on-going or pending litigation or dispute against the Company.


          Save as disclosed above, the Company did not appoint or dismiss any Director, Supervisor or senior
          management during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, there is no change of information about the Directors,
          Supervisors and chief executives which shall be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Hong Kong Listing
          Rules.

          (V) As of the end of the Reporting Period, none of the incumbent Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management or Directors, Supervisors or senior
          management who left office during the Reporting Period had been subject to any
          penalty imposed by the securities regulatory authorities during the last three years.




134
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
V. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD CONVENED DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD
                Convening
Meeting         date        Meeting form and place                      Meeting motion                                                               Status

                                                                        1. To consider the 2023 Work Report of the Senior Management of the
                                                                        Company;
                                                                        2. To consider the 2023 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                                                        3. To consider the 2024 Financial Budget Report of the Company;
                                                                        4. To consider the Proposal on the 2023 Profit Distribution of the
                                                                        Company;
                                                                        5. To consider the 2023 Work Report of the Board of the Company;

                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                                                                        6. To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Annual Report of the Company;
                                                                        7. To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Annual Compliance Report of
                                                                        the Company;
                                                                        8. To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Annual Risk Management
                                                                        Report of the Company;
                                                                        9. To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Annual Internal Control
                                                                        Evaluation Report of the Company;
                                                                        10. To consider the Resolution on the Special Report on Information
                                                                        Technology Management and Network and Information Security
                                                                        Management of the Company for 2023;
                                                                        11. To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Corporate Social Responsibility
                                                                        Report of the Company;



                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                        12. To consider the Proposal on the estimated ordinary transactions with
                                                                        related parties of the Company for 2024;
                            By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                                                        13. To consider the Proposal on the estimated investment amount for the
                            Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                                                        proprietary business of the Company for 2024;



                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                            12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                                                        14. To consider the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2024;
                            No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                                                        15. To consider the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the Accounting
                            Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                                                        Firms for 2024 of the Company;
                            A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.
                                                                        16. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Administrative         All resolutions
The seventh                 28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,
                                                                        Measures for System Construction of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;           were
Meeting of the March 28,    Beijing; Simulated Video Conference
                                                                        17. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the System regarding considered
Sixth Session 2024          Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai
                                                                        Insider Registration, Management and Confidentiality of Huatai             and
of the Board                Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,
                                                                        Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                      approved.
                            Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                                        18. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and
                            Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing
                                                                        Remuneration of Directors of the Company for 2023;
                            Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                                                                        19. To consider the Report on Execution of Duty, Performance Assessment
                            Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                        and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company for 2023;
                            Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                                                                        20. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties of the Independent
                            Kong.
                                                                        Directors of the Company for 2023;
                                                                        21. To consider the Resolution on Convening the 2023 Annual General
                                                                        Meeting of the Company;
                                                                        22. Debriefing of the Report on Independence Self-examination by the
                                                                        Independent Directors of the Company;
                                                                        23. Debriefing of the Special Opinions of the Board of the Company on
                                                                        Independence of the Independent Directors;
                                                                        24. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit
                                                                        Committee of the Board of the Company for 2023;
                                                                        25. Debriefing of the Evaluation Report on Performance of Duties by the
                                                                        Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2023 of the Company;
                                                                        26. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Supervisory Duties by the
                                                                        Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2023 of the Audit Committee of the
                                                                        Board of the Company;




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
                                                                        27. Debriefing of the Work Report of the Chief Compliance Officer of the
                                                                        Company for 2023;
                                                                        28. Debriefing of the Work Report on Anti-money Laundering of the
                                                                        Company for 2023;
                                                                        29. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2023;




                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
                                                                        30. Review of the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control Indicators
                                                                        of the Company for 2023.

                                                                        1. To consider the Resolution on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from
                                                                        Selling Restriction of the Second Lock-up Period under the Restricted
                                                                                                                                                     All resolutions
The Eighth                                                              Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;
                                                                                                                                                     were
Meeting of the April 12,                                                2. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of
                            By means of teleconference.                                                                                              considered
Sixth Session 2024                                                      the Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                                                                                                                                                     and
of the Board                                                            3. To consider the Resolutions on Addition to Agenda of the 2023 Annual
                                                                                                                                                     approved.
                                                                        General Meeting of the Company and Convening the 2024 First A Share
                                                                        Class Meeting and the 2024 First H Share Class Meeting.




                                                                                                                                                                       135
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          Convening
          Meeting         date        Meeting form and place                      Meeting motion                                                               Status

                                      By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                      Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                      12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                      No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                      Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                      A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.
                                                                                                                                                               The resolution
          The Ninth                   28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,
                                                                                  To consider the Resolution on Disposal of the Entire Equity Interests in     was
          Meeting of the April 25,    Beijing; Simulated Video Conference
                                                                                  AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. (a Holding Subsidiary in the United       considered
          Sixth Session 2024          Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai
                                                                                  States) through Direct Agreement.                                            and
          of the Board                Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,
                                                                                                                                                               approved.
                                      Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                                      Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing
                                      Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                                      Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                      Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                                      Kong.

                                      By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                      Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                      12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                      No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                      Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building       1. To consider the Resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the
                                      A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.       Company for 2024;
                                                                                                                                                               All resolutions
          The Tenth                   28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,       2. To consider the Proposal on the Election of an Independent Non-
                                                                                                                                                               were
          Meeting of the April 29,    Beijing; Simulated Video Conference         executive Director of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company;
                                                                                                                                                               considered
          Sixth Session 2024          Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai      3. To consider the Resolution on Proposal to the General Meeting to
                                                                                                                                                               and
          of the Board                Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,   Authorize the Board to Decide on the Interim Profit Distribution for 2024;
                                                                                                                                                               approved.
                                      Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,             4. To consider the Resolution on Addition to Agenda of the 2023 Annual
                                      Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing           General Meeting of the Company.
                                      Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                                      Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                      Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                                      Kong.

                                                                                  1. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Action Plan of “Corporate Value
                                                                                  and Return Enhancement” of the Company;                                   All resolutions
          The Eleventh
                                                                                  2. To consider the Resolution on the Formulation of the Internal Audit    were
          Meeting of the June 20,
                                      By means of teleconference.                 Management System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                         considered
          Sixth Session 2024
                                                                                  3. To consider the Resolution on the Adjustment to the Composition Plan and
          of the Board
                                                                                  of Certain Special Committees of the Sixth Session of the Board of the    approved.
                                                                                  Company.

                                    By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                    Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                    12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                    No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                    Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building         1. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Interim Report of the Company;
                                    A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.         2. To consider the Resolution on Adjustment to the Repurchase Price
                                                                                                                                                           All resolutions
          The Twelfth               28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,         Applicable to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the
                                                                                                                                                           were
          Meeting of the August 30, Beijing; Simulated Video Conference           Company;
                                                                                                                                                           considered
          Sixth Session 2024        Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai        3. To consider the Resolution on Interim Profit Distribution of the
                                                                                                                                                           and
          of the Board              Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,     Company for 2024;
                                                                                                                                                           approved.
                                    Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,               4. Review of the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control Indicators
                                    Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing             of the Company for the first half of 2024.
                                    Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                                    Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                    Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                                    Kong.

                                      By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                      Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                      12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                      No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                      Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                      A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.
                                                                                  1. To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the      All resolutions
          The Thirteenth              28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,
                                                                                  Company for 2024;                                                       were
          Meeting of the October      Beijing; Simulated Video Conference
                                                                                  2. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Basic System for     considered
          Sixth Session 30, 2024      Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai
                                                                                  Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Financing of Huatai Securities and
          of the Board                Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,
                                                                                  Co., Ltd.                                                               approved.
                                      Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                                      Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing
                                      Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                                      Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                      Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                                      Kong.




136
                                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
               Convening
Meeting        date          Meeting form and place                      Meeting motion                                                                 Status

                                                                         1. To consider the Resolution on the transfer of 20% equity interest in
The                                                                      Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.;                                             All resolutions
Fourteenth                                                               2. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Administrative              were
               December
Meeting of the          By means of teleconference.                      System regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors,                  considered
               20, 2024
Sixth Session                                                            Supervisors and Senior Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;              and
of the Board                                                             3. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Remuneration                approved.
                                                                         Management System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.


Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Board can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (https://
www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (https://www.htsc.com.cn) and
China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.


                                                                                                                                                                                   About Us

VI. MEETINGS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE CONVENED
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
              Convening
Meeting       date      Meeting form and place                       Meeting motion                                                                      Status

                                                                     1. To consider the 2023 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee of the



                                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                                                                     Company;
The Sixth
                                                                     2. To consider the Proposal on the 2023 Profit Distribution of the Company;         All
Meeting of                 By means of on-site & video meetings.
                                                                     3. To consider the resolution on the 2023 Annual Report of the Company;             resolutions
the Sixth                  Address: Small Conference Room, Floor
              March 28,                                              4. To consider the resolution on the 2023 Annual Internal Control Evaluation        were



                                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Session                    12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
              2024                                                   Report of the Company;                                                              considered
of the                     No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                                                     5. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and Remuneration of             and
Supervisory                Nanjing.
                                                                     the Supervisors of the Company for 2023;                                            approved.
Committee
                                                                     6. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2023;
                                                                     7. Debriefing of the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2024.

The Seventh
                                                                                                                                                         All
Meeting of                                                           1. To consider the Resolution on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from
                                                                                                                                                         resolutions
the Sixth                                                            Selling Restriction of the Second Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share
            April 12,                                                                                                                                    were
Session                    By means of teleconference.               Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;
            2024                                                                                                                                         considered
of the                                                               2. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
                                                                                                                                                         and




                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Supervisory                                                          Restricted A Shares by the Company.
                                                                                                                                                         approved.
Committee

The Eighth
                                                                                                                                                         All
Meeting of                 By means of on-site & video meetings.
                                                                     1. To consider the Resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company for      resolutions
the Sixth                  Address: Small Conference Room, Floor
              April 29,                                              2024;                                                                               were
Session                    12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
              2024                                                   2. To consider the Proposal on the Election of a Supervisor of the Sixth Session    considered
of the                     No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                                                     of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.                                        and
Supervisory                Nanjing.
                                                                                                                                                         approved.
Committee

The Ninth
                                                                                                                                                   All
Meeting of               By means of on-site & video meetings. 1. To consider the Resolution on the 2024 Interim Report of the Company;
                                                                                                                                                   resolutions
the Sixth                Address: Small Conference Room, Floor 2. To consider the Resolution on Adjustment to the Repurchase Price Applicable
              August 30,                                                                                                                           were
Session                  12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;
              2024                                                                                                                                 considered
of the                   No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,            3. To consider the Resolution on Interim Profit Distribution of the Company for
                                                                                                                                                   and
Supervisory              Nanjing.                                  2024.
                                                                                                                                                   approved.




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
Committee

The Tenth
                                                                                                                                                         The
Meeting of                 By means of on-site meeting.
                                                                                                                                                         resolution
the Sixth                  Address: Small Conference Room, Floor
              October                                                To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the Company for         was




                                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
Session                    12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
              30, 2024                                               2024.                                                                               considered
of the                     No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                                                                                                                                         and
Supervisory                Nanjing.
                                                                                                                                                         approved.
Committee


Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Supervisory Committee can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (https://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (https://www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (https://www.
htsc.com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




                                                                                                                                                                          137
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          VII. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF DIRECTORS
          (I) Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings and General Meetings

                                                                                                                                        Attendance
                                                                        Attendance at Board meetings                                     at general
                                                                                                                                          meetings

                                                                                                                       Whether
                                 Whether
                                                                                                                      or not he/
                                or not he/
          Name of                             Times of                                                                       she
                                 she is an
          Director                         attendance                                                                   failed to   Times of
                             independent                                Attendance
                                              at Board Attendance                  Attendance                        attend the attendance
                                  Director                             by means of                          Absence
                                             meetings     in person                   by proxy                       meeting in   at general
                                                                    teleconference
                                                 during                                                               person for   meetings
                                               the year                                                                      two
                                                                                                                    consecutive
                                                                                                                           times

          Zhang Wei                      No               8             8                3             –            –             No               3

          Zhou Yi                        No               8             8                3             –            –             No               –

          Ding Feng                      No               8             8                3             –            –             No                3

          Chen
                                         No               8              7               3              1           –             No               –
          Zhongyang

          Ke Xiang                       No               8              7               3              1           –             No                3

          Liu
                                         No               8             5                3              3           –            Yes                3
          Changchun

          Zhang Jinxin                   No               8             8                3             –            –             No                3

          Wang
                                        Yes               8              7               3              1           –             No                3
          Jianwen

          Wang
                                        Yes               8             8                3             –            –             No                3
          Quansheng

          Peng Bing                     Yes               8              7               3              1           –             No                3

          Wang Bing                     Yes               8             5                3              3           –             No                3

          Lo Kin Wing
                                        Yes               4             4                2             –            –             No               –
          Terry

          Yin Lihong
                                         No               8              7               3              1           –             No                3
          (resigned)

          Tse Yung Hoi
                                        Yes               4             4                 1            –            –             No                3
          (resigned)


          Number of Board meetings held within the year                                                                                            8

          Of which: Number of on-site meetings                                                                                                     –

                      Number of meetings held by teleconference                                                                                    3

                      Number of meetings held on-site and via teleconference                                                                       5

          Note: During the Reporting Period, Mr. Liu Changchun failed to attend the Board meetings in person for two consecutive times due to business
          engagement but appointed other Directors in writing to exercise the voting rights on his behalf.




138
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(II) No Objections Raised by Directors to Relevant Matters of the Company During
the Reporting Period

(III) Others

1. Board of Directors and the Operation Management

(1) Composition of the Board

According to the relevant regulations of the Articles of Association, the Board shall be composed of 13

                                                                                                                            About Us
Directors, with the number of independent Directors accounting for at least 1/3 of the total number. On
December 30, 2022, as elected at the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, and
according to the election by the congress of workers and staff of the Company, the Company formed
the sixth session of the Board. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 13 members in the Board,
including 3 executive Directors (Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Zhou Yi, Ms. Yin Lihong), 5 non-executive Directors (Mr.
Ding Feng, Mr. Chen Zhongyang, Mr. Ke Xiang, Mr. Liu Changchun, Mr. Zhang Jinxin) and 5 independent non-
executive Directors (Mr. Wang Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang Bing, Mr. Lo Kin Wing
Terry).



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
The Directors are elected or changed via the general meeting and shall formally take office from the date
on which their appointments are approved by the general meeting. A Director shall serve a term of three


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
years. Directors are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of their terms. However, the successive terms
of independent non-executive Directors may not be more than 6 years. According to relevant regulations
of Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has received the annual written confirmation
from each independent non-executive Director with regards to his/her independence. Based on these
confirmations and the relevant information available to the Board, the Company continues to confirm their
independence.

The Company covered liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
related staff held responsible according to the authorization of the 2014 Annual General Meeting, to protect
them from the compensation liabilities that may arise from performing their duties and to reasonably avoid
management risk and legal risk which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed
to, and to encourage them to earnestly fulfill their duties and responsibilities.

(2) Duties and Responsibilities of the Board

The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and is accountable to the general meeting.
According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall exercise the following major functions and powers:
to convene general meetings and report work to general meetings; to carry out the resolutions of the
general meetings; to resolve on the business & investment plans of the Company; to prepare annual
financial budget plan and final accounting plan of the Company; to prepare profit distribution plan and



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate proposals of the Company on increasing or decreasing
the registered capital, issuing bonds or other securities and the listing plan; to formulate plans for material
acquisition, purchase of shares of the Company, merger, division, dissolution or transformation of the



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Company; to determine, within the authority granted by the general meeting, such matters as external
investment, acquisition and disposal of assets, asset mortgage, external guarantee, entrusted wealth
management, related-party transactions, external donations, etc.; to decide on the establishment of the
Company’s internal management organizations; to determine the appointment or dismissal of the chief
executive officer, secretary to the Board and other senior management of the Company, and to decide the
matters on their remuneration and rewards as well as penalties; to determine the appointment or dismissal
of the senior management of the Company including member of Executive Committee, chief financial
officer, chief compliance officer, chief risk officer and chief information officer according to the nominations
by the president, and to decide the matters on their remuneration and rewards as well as penalties; to
set up the basic management system of the Company; to formulate the proposals for any amendment
to the Articles of Association; to manage the Company’s information disclosure; to be responsible for the




                                                                                                                   139
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          strategic decision of the objectives and planning of cultural construction, and direct the Company to
          strengthen its cultural construction; to propose to the general meeting the appointment or replacement
          of the accounting firms which provide audit services for the Company; to listen to the work reports of the
          Executive Committee and review its work; to decide the Company’s compliance management objectives
          and assume the responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, including but not limited
          to: considering and approving the basic system for compliance management and the annual compliance
          report, evaluating the effectiveness of compliance management, urging to solve problems in compliance
          management, establishing the mechanism for direct communication with the chief compliance officer,
          guaranteeing the chief compliance officer’s assessment on the senior management, various departments
          and branches, subsidiaries at all levels, Compliance Department and compliance management personnel;
          to formulate the risk control system of the Company; to determine Directors’ remunerations and distribution
          plan thereof; to decide to purchase Company’s shares due to the circumstances specified in the Articles
          of Association; and to exercise other functions and powers authorized by laws, administrative regulations,
          departmental rules or the Articles of Association.

          (3) Duties and Responsibilities of the Operation Management

          The Operation Management is responsible for the concrete implementation of the development strategies
          and policies passed by the Board as well as the daily operation and management of the Company. The
          Operation Management is the supreme operation management body established by the Company
          for implementation of the routes and policies determined by the Board, and shall exercise the following
          functions and powers according to the Articles of Association: to carry out Company’s operation policies
          determined by the Board and decide on material matters during the operation and management of
          the Company; to formulate and implement the financial budget plan of the Company; to formulate final
          accounting plan, profit distribution plan and loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate the registered
          capital change plans and bonds insurance plans of the Company; to formulate plans for merger, division,
          change and dissolution of the Company; to formulate Company’s business plans and plans for investment,
          financing and disposal of assets, and report to the Board for approval according to authorization; to
          formulate Company’s plan for establishment of internal management bodies; to deploy and implement
          various works for cultural construction; to prepare and approve the employee benefits plans and promotion
          and demotion plans; and to exercise other functions and powers authorized by the Board.

          (4) Implementation by the Board of Resolutions Passed at General Meetings

          1) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
          Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors
          (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023] No. 1537) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued one tranche of perpetual
          subordinated corporate bonds totaling RMB2.6 billion during the Reporting Period.

          2) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
          Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian
          Xu Ke [2023] No. 414) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued four tranches of short-term corporate bonds
          totaling RMB16.8 billion during the Reporting Period.

          3) On November 24, 2023, the Resolution on the Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of
          Registered Capital by the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s second extraordinary
          general meeting of 2023, third A Share class meeting of 2023 and third H Share class meeting of 2023.
          According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, the Company completed the cancellation of
          45,278,495 repurchased A Shares.

          4) On June 20, 2024, the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares by the
          Company was considered and approved at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting, 2024 First A Share




140
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Class Meeting and 2024 First H Share Class Meeting. According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period,
the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 2,082,559 restricted A Shares.

5) On June 20, 2024, the Resolution on the 2023 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company was considered
and approved at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company. According to the resolution, during
the Reporting Period, the 2023 profit distribution of the Company was made by way of cash dividends, and
the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.43 (tax inclusive) per share based on the Company’s total
share capital of 9,029,384,840 shares prior to the implementation of the plan, with the total cash dividend
of RMB3,882,635,481.20 (tax inclusive). During the Reporting Period, the profit distribution plan has been
completed.


                                                                                                                            About Us
6) On June 20, 2024, the Resolution on Proposal to the General Meeting to Authorize the Board to Decide on
the Interim Profit Distribution for 2024 was considered and approved at the 2023 Annual General Meeting
of the Company. According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, the Resolution on Interim Profit
Distribution of the Company for 2024 was considered and approved at the twelfth meeting of the sixth
session of the Board of the Company, pursuant to which the 2024 interim profit distribution of the Company
was made by way of cash dividends, and the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive)
per share based on the Company’s total share capital of 9,027,302,281 shares prior to the implementation of
the plan, with the total cash dividend of RMB1,354,095,342.15 (tax inclusive). During the Reporting Period, the



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
profit distribution plan has been completed.

7) On June 20, 2024, the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Company for 2024 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting. For
details of the actual performance of ordinary transactions with related parties of the Company during the
Reporting Period according to the resolution, please refer to “Major Related-party Transactions” under “Major
Events” in this report.

8) On June 20, 2024, the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount of the Company’s Proprietary
Business for 2024 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting. According
to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, related business indicators of the Company were controlled




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
within the authorized scope of the shareholders’ general meeting.

9) On June 20, 2024, the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms of the Company was
considered and approved at the Company’s 2023 Annual General Meeting. According to the resolution,
during the Reporting Period, the Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP to handle 2024 annual financial statements and internal control auditing services for the Company and
its holding subsidiaries, and to issue the audit report of A shares, internal control audit report and GDR audit
report; the Company also appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for auditing services of H Shares for the
Company, and to issue the audit report of H Shares.

(5) Training of Directors




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
The Company attaches great importance to the ongoing training of Directors, to ensure that the Directors
form an appropriate understanding of the operation of the Company and its business and they understand
their duties and responsibilities as directors as required by the CSRC, the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and as stipulated in the Articles of Association and other relevant laws and
regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Directors attached great importance
to updating professional knowledge and skills, to adapt to the needs of the development of the Company.
In addition to participation in regular trainings held by regulatory organizations and self-regulatory
organizations and complete required ongoing trainings, the Office of the Board also prepared the Work
Newsletter of the Company regularly and sent it to the Directors to enable them to understand the latest
policies and regulations and industrial trends and enhance their knowledge and understanding of the
culture and operation of the Company. In addition, the Company continuously improved the internal work
procedures, established the multi-level information communication mechanism, and set up the information
communication platform, in order to ensure the access to information for Directors to perform their duties
and constantly improve their overall performance capability.




                                                                                                                   141
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the main trainings of the Directors of the Company were as follows:


          Director                                                                                   Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                  Organization
                                  Department of          Online special session on “Improvement
                     2024-4-22    Jiangsu Provincial     of Technological Innovation Mechanism       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Committee of the       for Enterprises”
                                  CPC

                                  China Capital Market Exchange training on FINTECH innovation
                     2024-5-24                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Institute            in the capital market

                                                       Interpretation of the Measures for the
          Zhang                   Securities           Administration of Cybersecurity and
                     2024-11-11                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
          Wei                     Association of China Information Security in the Securities and
                                                       Futures Industries

                                                        Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
                     2024-11-25   China Association for
                                                        of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                     to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                                        Listed Companies”

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
                     2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law

                     2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Nanjing, Jiangsu

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                       Interpretation of the Measures for the
                                  Securities           Administration of Cybersecurity and
                     2024-10-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Association of China Information Security in the Securities and
                                                       Futures Industries
          Zhou Yi
                                                        Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
                     2024-11-25   China Association for
                                                        of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                     to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                                        Listed Companies”

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
                     2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law




142
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Director                                                                                   Training
Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

           2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Nanjing, Jiangsu

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market
Ding                                          Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis

                                                                                                                       About Us
Feng       2024-11-25   China Association for
                                              of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
           to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                              Listed Companies”

                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.

                        Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
           2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law

           2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Nanjing, Jiangsu

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market
Chen                                         Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
Zhongyang 2024-11-25   China Association for
                                             of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
          to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                             Listed Companies”

                        Huatai Securities Co.,




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
           2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.

                        Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
           2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law

           2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Nanjing, Jiangsu

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Ke Xiang                                      Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
           2024-11-25   China Association for
                                              of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
           to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                              Listed Companies”




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.

                        Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
           2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law




                                                                                                              143
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                   Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                     2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Nanjing, Jiangsu

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market
          Liu                                          Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
          Changchun 2024-11-25   China Association for
                                                       of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                    to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                                       Listed Companies”

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
                     2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law

                     2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Beijing

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market
          Zhang                                         Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
          Jinxin     2024-11-25   China Association for
                                                        of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Beijing
                     to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                                        Listed Companies”

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Beijing
                                  Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
                     2024-12-30                                                                      Beijing
                                  Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law

                                  China Association for Training on capacity building of
                     2024-1-26                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Public Companies      independent directors

                                                        Implementation cases of new rules for
                                  China Association for
                     2024-4-3                           independent directors and tips for their     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Public Companies
                                                        performance of duties

                     2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Nanjing, Jiangsu

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market
          Wang
          Jianwen                                        Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                        Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
                     2024-11-25   China Association for
                                                        of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                     to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                                        Listed Companies”

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
                     2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law




144
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Director                                                                                   Training
Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                        China Association for Training on capacity building of
           2024-1-26                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Public Companies      independent directors

                                              Implementation cases of new rules for
                        China Association for
           2024-4-3                           independent directors and tips for their     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Public Companies
                                              performance of duties

           2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Nanjing, Jiangsu

                                                                                                                       About Us
           2024-7-31 to Shanghai Stock         2024 third phase follow-up training for
                                                                                         Beijing
           2024-8-1     Exchange               independent directors of listed companies

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
Wang      2024-8-29     Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market
Quansheng
                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                                              Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
           2024-11-25   China Association for
                                              of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
           to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                              Listed Companies”


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.

                        Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
           2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law

                        China Association for Training on capacity building of
           2024-1-26                                                                       Beijing
                        Public Companies      independent directors




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                              Implementation cases of new rules for
                        China Association for
           2024-4-3                           independent directors and tips for their     Beijing
                        Public Companies
                                              performance of duties

           2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Beijing

           2024-7-31 to Shanghai Stock         2024 third phase follow-up training for
                                                                                         Beijing
           2024-8-1     Exchange               independent directors of listed companies

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
Peng       2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                               the Hong Kong capital market
Bing




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                                              Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
           2024-11-25   China Association for



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                                              of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Beijing
           to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                              Listed Companies”

                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Beijing
                        Ltd.

                        Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
           2024-12-30                                                                      Beijing
                        Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law




                                                                                                              145
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                   Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                  China Association for Training on capacity building of
                     2024-1-26                                                                       Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Public Companies      independent directors

                                                        Implementation cases of new rules for
                                  China Association for
                     2024-4-3                           independent directors and tips for their     Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Public Companies
                                                        performance of duties

                     2024-5-27    Clifford Chance        HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Nanjing, Jiangsu

                     2024-7-31 to Shanghai Stock         2024 third phase follow-up training for
                                                                                                   Beijing
                     2024-8-1     Exchange               independent directors of listed companies

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
          Wang       2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market
          Bing
                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                        Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
                     2024-11-25   China Association for
                                                        of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                     to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                                        Listed Companies”

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
                     2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law

                     2024-4-15 to Shanghai Stock         Training on performance of duties of
                                                                                                     Hong Kong
                     2024-4-19    Exchange               Independent Directors

                                                         Memorandum on directors’ responsibilities
                     2024-6-20    Clifford Chance                                                  Hong Kong
                                                         under Hong Kong Laws and Regulations
                                                         Memorandum in relation to related-party
                                                         transactions and notifiable transactions

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2024-8-29    Clifford Chance                                                    Hong Kong
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market
          Lo Kin
                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
          Wing       2024-11-6    Clifford Chance                                                    Hong Kong
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market
                                                        Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
                     2024-11-25   China Association for
                                                        of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Hong Kong
                     to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                                        Listed Companies”

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Hong Kong
                                  Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
                     2024-12-30                                                                      Hong Kong
                                  Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law

                                                        Special training on “Typical Cases Analysis
                     2024-11-25   China Association for
                                                        of Violations of Laws and Regulations of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                     to 2024-12-3 Public Companies
                                                        Listed Companies”
          Yin
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
          Lihong     2024-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Highlights of amendments to the new
                     2024-12-30                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   Anti-Money Laundering Law




146
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Director                                                                                   Training
Name       Date          Organizer             Content                                     Location

                         China Association for Training on capacity building of
           2024-1-26                                                                       Hong Kong
                         Public Companies      independent directors

Tse Yung                                       Implementation cases of new rules for
                         China Association for
Hoi      2024-4-3                              independent directors and tips for their    Hong Kong
                         Public Companies
                                               performance of duties

           2024-5-27     Clifford Chance       HKEX’s Enforcement Bulletin                 Hong Kong


                                                                                                                         About Us
2. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are two different positions, and according to the provisions of the
Articles of Association, the chairman is the legal representative of the Company, responsible for managing
the operations of the Board, ensuring that the Board acts in compliance with the best interests of the
Company, ensuring the effective operation of the Board, ensuring that the Board has fulfilled its due duties
and discussions about all significant and appropriate matters are held so that Directors get accurate, timely



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
and explicit data. Chief Executive Officer manages the daily work of the Company, attends Board meetings,
reports to the Board and exercises the functions and powers according to the responsibility scope of the
Chief Executive Officer.


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
According to provisions of Rule C.2.1 of Corporate Governance Code, the roles of the chairman of the board
and chief executive shall be separate and should not be performed by the same individual at the same
time. On December 30, 2022, at the first meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company elected Mr.
Zhang Wei as the chairman of the sixth session of the Board and continued to hire Mr. Zhou Yi as the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company. The Board thinks that this
management structure is effective and has enough checks and balances for the Company’s operation.




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
3. Non-executive Directors

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 5 non-executive Directors and 5 independent non-
executive Directors. For details of their terms of office, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure
and remuneration of current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
Reporting Period” under “Directors, Supervisors and senior management” under “Corporate Governance” in
this report.

4. Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors

(1) Works regarding periodic reports




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
In the annual report compilation process, all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have
performed full duties according to the requirements of the CSRC and the provisions of the Working System
for Independent Directors of the Company.




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
On January 18, 2024, at the first meeting of the Audit Committee of the sixth session of the Board of the
Company for 2024, the Audit Committee listened to the report of annual audit work arrangement of A+H+G
Share and pre-audit work for 2023 of the Company made by relevant personnel from Deloitte, and made
discussion and communication with relevant personnel from Deloitte. Two out of the three members in the
Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who put forward opinions and suggestions to
the supplement and perfection of the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2023 from different perspectives in
their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

On February 28, 2024, at the second meeting of the Audit Committee of the sixth session of the Board for
2024, the Audit Committee considered and approved the Resolution on the Auditing Plan of the Company
for 2023. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors,




                                                                                                                147
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          who examined the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2023 from different perspectives in their roles as
          members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

          On March 26, 2024, at the third meeting of the Audit Committee of the sixth session of the Board for 2024,
          the Audit Committee examined the Company’s Annual Financial Statement in 2023, Annual Report in 2023
          and its Summary, Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report in 2023, Report on Performance of Duties by
          the Audit Committee of the Board in 2023, the Report on Performance of Supervisory Duties by the Annual
          Audit Accounting Firm for 2023 of the Audit Committee of the Board and Internal Audit Work Plan in 2024,
          etc., reviewed the “Key Audit Matters” and other important issues involved in the Company’s 2023 Annual
          Audit Report, and listened to the report on the internal audit work of the Company in 2023. Two out of the
          three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who examined relevant
          resolutions and gave opinions from different perspectives in their roles as members of the Audit Committee
          and as independent non-executive Directors.

          On July 29, 2024, at the sixth meeting of the Audit Committee of the sixth session of the Board for 2024, the
          Audit Committee listened to the report on the review of 2024 interim financial statements of the Company’s
          H+G Shares and the audit plan of the Company’s 2024 A+H+G Share annual report made by relevant
          personnel from Deloitte, and made discussion and communication with relevant personnel from Deloitte.
          Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who made
          discussions, exchanged views and made comments and suggestions from different perspectives in their
          roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

          (2) Consideration on related-party transactions

          On March 26, 2024, the first meeting of the special meetings of independent Directors of the sixth session
          of the Board of the Company for 2024 and the third meeting of the audit committee of the sixth session
          of the Board of the Company for 2024 considered and approved the Proposal on the Estimated Ordinary
          Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2024, respectively. The relevant transactions with
          related parties were fair, the transaction prices of which were determined with adherence to the market
          pricing principle without prejudice to the interests of the Company; the relevant related-party transactions
          were all derived in the ordinary operation of the Company and would help carry out the businesses of the
          Company and bring certain income to the Company; the procedures for approval for relevant related-party
          transactions complied with relevant laws, regulations and normative documents as well as the Articles of
          Association and the Management System for Related-party Transactions of the Company.

          (3) Other performance of duties

          On March 26, 2024, the first meeting of the special meetings of independent Directors of the sixth session of
          the Board of the Company for 2024 also considered and approved the Report on Performance of Duties of
          the Independent Directors of the Company for 2023 and the Report on Independence Self-examination by
          the Independent Directors of the Company.



          VIII. SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

          (I) Members of the special committees of the Board

          Five special committees, namely, Development Strategy Committee, Compliance and Risk Management
          Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were
          established under the Board, members of which as of the end of the Reporting Period were as follows:

          The Development Strategy Committee (a total of five members): Zhang Wei, Zhou Yi, Chen Zhongyang, Liu
          Changchun and Zhang Jinxin and Mr. Zhang Wei is the chairman (convener) of the Development Strategy
          Committee;

          The Compliance and Risk Management Committee (a total of three members): Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang
          Jianwen and Mr. Zhou Yi is the chairman (convener) of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee;




148
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
The Audit Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors accounting
for more than 1/2): Wang Bing, Ding Feng and Lo Kin Wing Terry and Mr. Wang Bing is the chairman (convener)
of the Audit Committee;

The Nomination Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors
accounting for more than 1/2): Wang Quansheng, Yin Lihong and Peng Bing and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the
chairman (convener) of the Nomination Committee;

The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (a total of three members, all are independent non-executive
Directors): Wang Quansheng, Peng Bing and Wang Bing and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the chairman
(convener) of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.

(II) Performance of duties by the special committees of the Board                                                       About Us


1. Development Strategy Committee of the Board

The major duties of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board include: 1. Understanding and
grasping the overall situation of the Company’s operation; 2. Understanding, analyzing and grasping the
current situation of international and domestic industries; 3. Understanding and grasping the relevant
domestic policies; 4. Studying the short-term, medium-term and long-term development strategies of the


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Company or relevant issues; 5. Providing consultancy advice on the Company’s long-term development
strategies, major investments, reforms and other major decisions, and promoting the deep integration of


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
the Company’s cultural concept and the Company’s development strategies; 6. Considering and approving
the special research reports on development strategies; 7. Publishing daily research reports in a regular or
irregular manner; 8. Other duties assigned by the Board.


During the Reporting Period, the Development Strategy Committee of the Board convened a total of two
meetings, the details of which were as follows:




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                           Convening                          Important comments Other conditions on
Meeting name               date      Meeting contents         and suggestions    execution of duty

                                                              The Development
The first meeting of the
                                       To consider the 2023   Strategy Committee
Development Strategy                                                                 The meeting was
                           March 27,   Work Report of the     considered and
Committee of the sixth                                                               convened by way of
                           2024        Senior Management      approved the
session of the Board for                                                             teleconference.
                                       of the Company.        resolution at the
2024
                                                              meeting.

                                       To consider the        The Development
The second meeting
                                       Resolution on the      Strategy Committee



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
of the Development                                                                   The meeting was
                           June 3,     2023 Report on the     considered and
Strategy Committee of                                                                convened by way of
                           2024        Implementation         approved the
the sixth session of the                                                             teleconference.
                                       of Construction of     resolution at the
Board for 2024



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                                       Corporate Culture.     meeting.




                                                                                                               149
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Attendance of members of the Development Strategy Committee at the meetings held during the
          Reporting Period was as follows:

                                                                          Attendance in person/Number of meetings
          Name                                                                                requiring attendance

          Zhang Wei                                                                                               2/2

          Zhou Yi                                                                                                 2/2

          Chen Zhongyang                                                                                          2/2

          Liu Changchun                                                                                           2/2

          Zhang Jinxin                                                                                            2/2



          2. Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
          making recommendations on the overall targets and fundamental policies of compliance management
          and risk management; 2. Reviewing and making recommendations on the setup of compliance
          management and risk management bodies and their duties; 3. Evaluating and making recommendations
          on the risks of major decisions which require the Board’s review as well as the solutions to these risks; 4.
          Reviewing and making recommendations on the compliance reports and risk assessment reports that
          require the Board’s review; 5. Other duties prescribed in the Articles of Association.

          During the Reporting Period, the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board convened
          three meetings, the details of which were as follows:

                                                                                                 Other
                                                                                    Important    conditions on
                             Convening                                              comments and execution of
          Meeting name       date      Meeting content                              suggestions  duty

                                        1. To consider and approve the Resolution
                                        on the Annual Compliance Report of the
                                        Company in 2023;
          The first                                                                 The Compliance
                                        2. To consider and approve the Resolution
          meeting of the                                                            and Risk
                                        on the Annual Risk Management Report of
          Compliance and                                                            Management     The meeting
                                        the Company in 2023;
          Risk Management March 27,                                                 Committee      was convened
                                        3. To consider and approve the Resolution
          Committee of      2024                                                    considered and by way of
                                        on the 2023 Annual Internal Control
          the sixth session                                                         approved the   teleconference.
                                        Evaluation Report of the Company;
          of the Board for                                                          resolutions at
                                        4. To consider and approve the Resolution
          2024                                                                      the meeting.
                                        on Amendments to the Administrative
                                        Measures for System Construction of
                                        Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

          The second                                                           The Compliance
          meeting of the                                                       and Risk
          Compliance and                                                       Management     The meeting
                                     To consider and approve the Resolution on
          Risk Management August 29,                                           Committee      was convened
                                     the 2024 Interim Compliance Report of the
          Committee of      2024                                               considered and by way of
                                     Company.
          the sixth session                                                    approved the   teleconference.
          of the Board for                                                     resolutions at
          2024                                                                 the meeting.




150
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                        Other
                                                                           Important    conditions on
                   Convening                                               comments and execution of
Meeting name       date      Meeting content                               suggestions  duty

The third                                                               The Compliance
meeting of the                                                          and Risk
Compliance and                 To consider and approve the Resolution   Management     The meeting
Risk Management October        on Amendments to the Basic System for    Committee      was convened
Committee of      29, 2024     Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism considered and by way of

                                                                                                                          About Us
the sixth session              Financing of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. approved the   teleconference.
of the Board for                                                        resolutions at
2024                                                                    the meeting.



Attendance of members of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee at the meetings held during
the Reporting Period was as follows:




                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                 Attendance in person/Number of meetings
Name                                                                                 requiring attendance



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Zhou Yi                                                                                                   3/3

Ke Xiang                                                                                                  3/3

Wang Jianwen                                                                                              3/3



3. Audit Committee of the Board




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Board include: 1. Supervising and guiding the audit work.
It shall manage and guide the internal audit work planning and audit team construction, regularly listen
to and review the comprehensive report of audit work, annual audit plan and important audit reports,
make judgements on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the audited financial report, and
submit them to the Board for reviewing. It shall supervise the Company’s financial statement and the
completeness of the Company’s annual report and account, interim report and quarterly report and
review statements as well as major opinions on financial declaration in reports. The Committee shall pay
special attention to the following matters: ① Changes in accounting policies and practices; ② Matters
concerning significant judgment; ③ Significant adjustments due to the audit; ④ Assumptions of on-going
operations of the Company and its qualified opinions; ⑤ Compliance with the accounting standards;




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
and ⑥ Compliance with the listing rules or relevant laws and regulations of the listing place where the
financial reporting shall be made; 2. Proposing the engagement or changing of external audit institutions
and supervising the professional conduct of external audit institutions, so as to ensure the coordination
of internal and external auditors. Moreover, it shall also ensure that the internal audit institution is given



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
enough resources for operation and appropriate status within the Company and check and supervise its
validity; 3. Considering and putting forward suggestions for the appointment, reappointment, remuneration,
appointment terms and any other issues about the resignation or dismissal of external auditors. It shall hold
the position as the main representative between the Company and the external auditor and supervise their
relationship; 4. Discussing with the external auditors about the nature, scope and relevant responsibility
of audit and frequently check if the audit procedure is valid and whether the external auditor is objective
and independent before carrying out the audit work; 5. Checking the Explanation Letter on Audit offered
by external auditors to the management and any major doubts put forward by the auditors to the
management about the accounting record, financial account or monitoring system as well as the response
of the management and ensure that the Board can timely reply to issues put forward in the Explanation
Letter on Audit offered by external auditors to the management; 6. Checking and monitoring the Company’s




                                                                                                                 151
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          financial supervision, risk management and internal monitoring system and check the financial and
          accounting policies and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries; 7. Discussing the risk management
          and internal supervision system with the management so as to ensure that the management has
          performed its duty and established a valid internal supervision system; studying the important investigation
          results and responses of the management related to risk management and internal supervision system
          actively or as assigned by the Board of Directors; 8. Reporting the above issues to the Board; 9. Checking the
          Company’s following arrangement: Employees of the Company may secretly raise concerns on irregular
          conducts about financial reporting, internal monitoring, or other aspects. The Audit Committee shall ensure
          that there is appropriate arrangement for the Company to make fair and independent investigation
          and take appropriate actions on such issues; 10. Studying other projects defined by the Board; 11. Other
          responsibilities according to the Articles of Association or the Listing rules or laws and regulations of the
          place where the Company is listed.


          During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the Board convened eight meetings in total, the details
          of which were as follows:


                                                                                                       Other
                                                                                  Important            conditions on
          Meeting      Convening                                                  comments and         execution of
          name         date      Meeting contents                                 suggestions          duty

                                                                                  The Audit
                                                                                  Committee listened
          The first
                                                                                  to the report, and
          meeting of            To listen to the report of annual audit work
                                                                                  also suggested     The meeting
          the Audit             arrangement of A+H+G Share and pre-
                                                                                  that the audit     was convened
          Committee January 18, audit work for 2023 of the Company made
                                                                                  work should focus by way of on-
          of the sixth 2024     by relevant personnel from Deloitte, and to
                                                                                  on the valuation   site & video
          session of            make discussion and communication with
                                                                                  under the changing meetings.
          the Board             relevant personnel from Deloitte.
                                                                                  circumstances of
          for 2024
                                                                                  different capital
                                                                                  markets.

          The second
          meeting of                                                              The Audit
          the Audit                                                               Committee            The meeting
          Committee February        To consider and approve the Resolution on     considered and       was convened
          of the sixth 28, 2024     the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2023.    approved the         by way of
          session of                                                              resolution at the    teleconference.
          the Board                                                               meeting.
          for 2024




152
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                               Other
                                                                       Important               conditions on
Meeting   Convening                                                    comments and            execution of
name      date      Meeting contents                                   suggestions             duty

                      1. To consider the Final Financial Report of the
                      Company for 2023;
                      2. To consider the Financial Budget Report of
                      the Company for 2024;
                      3. To consider the Proposal on the Profit


                                                                                                                          About Us
                      Distribution of the Company for 2023;
                      4. To consider the Resolution on the Annual
                      Financial Statements of the Company for
                      2023;
                      5. To consider the Proposal on the Annual
                      Report of the Company for 2023 and its
                      Summary;
                      6. To consider the Resolution on the Internal
                                                                                               The meeting
                      Control Assessment Report of the Company
                                                                                               was convened
                      for 2023;

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                      7. To consider the Proposal on the Estimated                             by way of on-
                      Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of                            site & video



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                      the Company for 2024;                                                    meetings.
                      8. To consider the Proposal on the Re-                                   Members
                      appointment of the Accounting Firms of the The Audit                     of the Audit
The third             Company;                                         Committee               Committee
meeting of            9. To consider the Report on Performance of considered and               considered
                      Duties of Audit Committee under the Board approved the
the Audit                                                                                      and listened to
                      of the Company for 2023;
Committee March 26,                                                    resolutions at          the report on
                      10. To consider the Evaluation Report on
of the sixth 2024                                                      the meeting, and        the operations
                      Performance of Duties by the Annual Audit




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
session of                                                             also suggested          and financial
                      Accounting Firm for 2023 of the Company;
the Board             11. To consider the Report on Performance        to strengthen the       situation of
for 2024              of Supervisory Duties by the Annual Audit        digitalization of the   the Company
                      Accounting Firm for 2023 of the Audit            audit work.             for 2023 and
                      Committee of the Board of the Company;                                   communicated
                      12. To consider the Special Audit Report on                              with senior
                      Related Party Transactions of the Company                                management
                      for 2023;                                                                of the Company
                      13. To consider the Special Audit Report on                              and staff from
                      the Use of Proceeds, Provision of Guarantees
                                                                                               Deloitte.
                      and Related-party Transactions and Other




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                      Major Events of the Company in 2023;
                      14. To consider the Report on Internal Audit of
                      Anti-money Laundering of the Company for
                      2023;



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                      15. To consider the Work Plan for the Internal
                      Audit of the Company for 2024;
                      16. To review the Important Matters Involved
                      in the “Key Audit Matters” as Set Out in the
                      Annual Audit Report of the Company for
                      2023;
                      17. Debriefing the Report on Internal Audit of
                      the Company for 2023.




                                                                                                                 153
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                      Other
                                                                                Important             conditions on
          Meeting    Convening                                                  comments and          execution of
          name       date      Meeting contents                                 suggestions           duty

          The fourth
                                1. To consider the Resolution on the Financial
          meeting of                                                             The Audit
                                Statements for January to March 2024 of the                           The meeting
          the Audit                                                              Committee
                                Company;                                                              was convened
          Committee April 26,                                                    considered and
                                2. To consider the Resolution on Proposal to                          by way of on-
          of the sixth 2024                                                      approved the
                                the General Meeting to Authorize the Board                            site & video
          session of                                                             resolutions at the
                                to Decide on the Interim Profit Distribution for                      meetings.
          the Board                                                              meeting.
                                2024.
          for 2024

          The fifth
          meeting of                                                            The Audit
          the Audit             To consider and approve the Resolution          Committee             The meeting
          Committee June 19,    on the Formulation of the Internal Audit        considered and        was convened
          of the sixth 2024     Management System of Huatai Securities          approved the          by way of
          session of            Co., Ltd.                                       resolution at the     teleconference.
          the Board                                                             meeting.
          for 2024

                                                                            The Audit
                                                                            Committee listened
                                                                            to the report, and
          The sixth                                                         also suggested to
                                To listen to the report on the review of
          meeting of                                                        pay attention to
                                2024 interim financial statements of the                         The meeting
          the Audit                                                         the internal control
                                Company’s H+G Share and the Company’s                            was convened
          Committee July 29,                                                of new business
                                2024 A+H+G Share annual audit plan made                          by way of on-
          of the sixth 2024                                                 changes during
                                by relevant personnel from Deloitte, and to                      site & video
          session of                                                        the Reporting
                                discuss and communicate with relevant                            meetings.
          the Board                                                         Period. Staff from
                                personnel from Deloitte.
          for 2024                                                          Deloitte advised
                                                                            that precautionary
                                                                            measures had
                                                                            been put in place.




154
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                    Other
                                                                                          Important                 conditions on
Meeting          Convening                                                                comments and              execution of
name             date      Meeting contents                                               suggestions               duty

                                                                                                                    The meeting
                                                                                                                    was convened
                                                                                                                    by way of on-
                                                                                                                    site & video
                                                                                                                    meetings.

                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                                                                    Members
                     1. To consider and approve the Resolution on
                                                                                                                    of the Audit
                     the Financial Statement of the Company in
                                                                                                                    Committee
                     the First Half of 2024;
The seventh                                                                                                         considered
                     2. To consider and approve the Resolution
meeting of                                                         The Audit                                        and listened to
                     on Interim Report of the Company in 2024;
the Audit                                                          Committee                                        the report on
                     3. To consider and approve the Resolution
Committee August 28,                                               considered and                                   the operations
                     on Interim Profit Distribution of the Company
of the sixth 2024                                                  approved the                                     and financial
                     for 2024;


                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
session of                                                         resolutions at the                               situation of
                     4. To consider and approve the Special Audit
the Board                                                          meeting.                                         the Company
                     Report on the Use of Proceeds, Provision of
for 2024                                                                                                            for the first


                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                     Guarantees and Related-party Transactions
                                                                                                                    half-year of
                     and Other Major Events of the Company in
                                                                                                                    2024 and
                     the First Half of 2024.
                                                                                                                    communicated
                                                                                                                    with senior
                                                                                                                    management
                                                                                                                    of the Company
                                                                                                                    and staff from




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                    Deloitte.

The eighth
meeting of                                                                                The Audit
the Audit                                                                                 Committee                 The meeting
                                To consider and approve the Resolution
Committee October                                                                         considered and            was convened
                                on the Financial Statements for January to
of the sixth 29, 2024                                                                     approved the              by way of
                                September of 2024 of the Company.
session of                                                                                resolution at the         teleconference.
the Board                                                                                 meeting.
for 2024




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
Attendance of the members of the Audit Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting Period was
as follows:




                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                                                                                 Attendance in person/Number of meetings
Name                                                                                                 requiring attendance

Wang Bing                                                                                                                           8/8

Ding Feng                                                                                                                           8/8

Lo Kin Wing Terry                                                                                                                   3/3

Tse Yung Hoi                                                                                                                        5/5

Note: On June 30, 2024, the eleventh meeting of the sixth session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on the Adjustment
to the Composition Plan of Certain Special Committees of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company, where the members of the Audit
Committee were adjusted to be Mr. Wang Bing, Mr. Ding Feng and Mr. Lo Kin Wing Terry, and Mr. Wang Bing is the chairman (convener) of the
Audit Committee.




                                                                                                                                            155
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          4. Nomination Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing the structure, headcount
          and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least once each year and
          making recommendations regarding any proposed changes in the Board in line with the Company’s
          strategies; 2. Considering and making suggestions on the criteria and procedures for the selection of
          Directors and senior management members; 3. Searching for qualified candidates for Director and
          senior management, and selecting from the list of candidates nominated by Directors or making
          recommendations to the Board; 4. Reviewing and making suggestions on the qualification requirements
          for Directors and senior management; 5. Assessing the independence of independent non-executive
          Directors; 6. Making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of Directors and
          succession planning for Directors (in particular the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer); and 7. Other
          responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association or as required by the Board.

          The procedures to nominate and criteria to select and recommend candidates for directorship and senior
          management are: in accordance with the provisions of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Rules for
          the Independent Directors of Listed Companies (《上 市 公 司 獨 立 董 事 規 則》) of the CSRC, Measures for the
          Supervision and Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners
          of Securities Fund Operating Institutions (《證券基金經營機構董事、監事、高級管理人員及從業人員監督管理辦
          法 》), the Hong Kong Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and other relevant laws, regulations
          and the Articles of Association, the Nomination Committee under the Board shall base on the Company’s
          actual situation, study the criteria for election of the Company’s senior management officers including
          directors, the chief executive officer and others, the procedures for selection and term of the office and
          submit such resolution once made to the Board for approval. It then follows and implements the resolution.
          Selection procedures are: 1. the Nomination Committee shall actively exchange opinions with the relevant
          departments of the Company, study the Company’s requirements for the senior management officers
          including directors, the chief executive officer and others and shall prepare materials in written form; 2.
          the Nomination Committee may search for the candidates for the senior management officers including
          directors, the chief executive officer and others both from and within the Company and a controlling
          (shareholding) enterprise, and out of the Company; 3. to collect data of the natural condition of the
          preliminarily screened candidate and his/her morality, ability, diligence and performance, and prepare
          written information; 4. to obtain the consent of the nominee regarding the nomination or else the nominee
          cannot act as a candidate for a senior management officer including a director, the chief executive officer
          and others; 5. to convene a meeting of the Nomination Committee and to examine the qualifications of
          the preliminarily selected candidates based on the appointment criteria for senior management officers
          including directors, the chief executive officer and others; 6. one to two months prior to the election of
          new directors and appointment of new senior management officers including the chief executive officer
          and others, to submit to the Board the suggestion on the candidates for directors and the candidates for
          newly hired senior management officers including the chief executive officer and others and the relevant
          materials; 7. other follow-up work is to be carried out pursuant to the decision and feedback of the Board.




156
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee of the Board convened two meetings in total, the
details of which were as follows:


                     Convening                                 Important comments         Other conditions on
Meeting name         date      Meeting contents                and suggestions            execution of duty

                                 To consider and approve the
The first meeting                                              The Nomination
                                 Resolution on the Election
of the Nomination                                              Committee considered       The meeting was
                     April 10,   of an Independent Non-
Committee of the                                               and approved the           convened by way of
                     2024        executive Director of the
sixth session of the                                           resolution at the          teleconference.

                                                                                                                            About Us
                                 Sixth Session of the Board of
Board for 2024                                                 meeting.
                                 the Company.

The second
                                 To consider and approve   The Nomination
meeting of the
                                 the Report on Performance Committee considered           The meeting was
Nomination           December
                                 of Duties of Nomination   and approved the               convened by way of
Committee of the 31, 2024
                                 Committee under the Board resolution at the              teleconference.
sixth session of the
                                 of the Company for 2024.  meeting.
Board for 2024


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Attendance of the members of the Nomination Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting
Period:


                                                                  Attendance in person/Number of meetings
Name                                                                                  requiring attendance

Wang Quansheng                                                                                              2/2




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Peng Bing                                                                                                   2/2

Yin Lihong                                                                                                  2/2



5. Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
providing opinions on the appraisal and remuneration management system for Directors and senior
management, and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s overall policy and structure
for the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and
transparent procedure to develop remuneration policy; 2. Reviewing and approving the management’s



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; 3. Conducting
assessment on and making recommendations to the Directors and senior management: making
recommendations on the remuneration packages, including benefits in kind, pensions and compensation



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of office or appointment), for
certain executive Directors and senior management, and making recommendations to the Board on
the remuneration of non-executive Directors; 4. Considering salaries paid by comparable companies,
time commitment and responsibilities and engagement condition elsewhere in the Group; 5. Reviewing
and approving compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or
termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with the relevant contractual terms.
In case of inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be fair and not be
excessive; 6. Reviewing and approving compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal
of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with the contractual terms. In case of
inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be reasonable and appropriate;
and 7. Ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in determining their own remuneration;
8. Other responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association.




                                                                                                                   157
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board convened four
          meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                              Convening                                    Important comments        Other conditions on
          Meeting name        date      Meeting contents                   and suggestions           execution of duty

                                           1. To consider and
                                           approve the Report on
                                           Performance Assessment
          The first                        and Remuneration of the
          meeting of the                   Directors of the Company        The Remuneration
          Remuneration                     in 2023;                        and Appraisal
                                                                                                     The meeting was
          and Appraisal       March 27,                                    Committee considered
                                           2. To consider and                                        convened by way of
          Committee of        2024                                         and approved the
                                           approve the Report                                        teleconference.
          the sixth session                                                resolutions at the
          of the Board for                 on Execution of Duty,           meeting.
          2024                             Performance Assessment
                                           and Remuneration of the
                                           Senior Management of the
                                           Company in 2023.

          The second
          meeting of the                   To consider and approve
                                                                           The Remuneration and
          Remuneration                     the Resolution in Relation to                             The meeting was
                                                                           Appraisal Committee
          and Appraisal       April 10,    the Performance Plan and                                  convened by way
                                                                           considered and
          Committee of        2024         Target of the Company’s                                   of on-site & video
                                                                           approved the resolution
          the sixth session                Senior Management for                                     meetings.
                                                                           at the meeting.
          of the Board for                 2023
          2024

          The third
          meeting of the                   To consider and approve
                                                                           The Remuneration and
          Remuneration                     the Resolution in Relation to
                                                                           Appraisal Committee     The meeting was
          and Appraisal       August 29,   the Performance Plan and
                                                                           considered and          convened by way of
          Committee of        2024         Target of the Company’s
                                                                           approved the resolution teleconference.
          the sixth session                Senior Management for
                                                                           at the meeting.
          of the Board for                 2024.
          2024

          The fourth
          meeting of the               To consider and
                                                                           The Remuneration and
          Remuneration                 approve the Resolution
                                                                           Appraisal Committee     The meeting was
          and Appraisal       December on Amendments to
                                                                           considered and          convened by way of
          Committee of        19, 2024 the Remuneration
                                                                           approved the resolution teleconference.
          the sixth session            Management System of
                                                                           at the meeting.
          of the Board for             Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
          2024




158
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Attendance of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee at the meetings held during
the Reporting Period:


                                                                                           Attendance in person/Number of
Name                                                                                         meetings requiring attendance

Wang Quansheng                                                                                                                  4/4

Peng Bing                                                                                                                       4/4

Wang Bing                                                                                                                       4/4

                                                                                                                                                 About Us

IX. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF SUPERVISORS

The Supervisory Committee is the Company’s supervisory body and is accountable to the Shareholders’
general meeting. The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the financial activities and
internal control of the Company, and supervising the legality and compliance of the performance of duties
by the Board of Directors, operating management and its members in accordance with the Company Law


                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
and the Articles of Association.

In 2024, the Supervisory Committee of the Company complied with the relevant provisions of the Company

                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Law, the Securities Law, the Rules of Procedures for the Supervisory Committee under the Articles of
Association and other relevant regulations, to conscientiously perform and independently exercise the
supervisory powers and duties of the Supervisory Committee. In the spirit of being responsible to all
shareholders, the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the Company’s operating activities, financial
position, major decisions of the Board of Directors and the legality and compliance of the performance of
duties by operating management. It actively protects the interests of the Company and the shareholders,
and escorts the healthy development of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
(I) Performance of duties by Supervisors

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company held 5 meetings in total. For
relevant information, please refer to “Meetings of the Supervisory Committee Convened During the Reporting
Period” in this section.

During the Reporting Period, all the Supervisors of the Company attended the meetings of the Supervisory
Committee, the Board of Directors, and the Shareholders’ general meetings, the details of which were as
follows:

                                            Attendance at meetings of the Supervisory Committee




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
                                                                                               Whether or not
                                Number of
                                                                                                he/ she failed Attendance Attendance
Name of                        meetings of                                                                                     at the
             Position                                       Attendance                           to attend the    at Board
Supervisor                     Supervisory Attendance                    Attendance                                           general
                                                           in the way of             Absence        meeting in




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
                               Committee      in person                     by proxy                              meeting
                                                        teleconference                         person for two                meeting
                                  requiring
                                                                                                   successive
                               attendance
                                                                                                         times
             Chairman of
             the Supervisory
Gu           Committee,
                                        5            5               1           –         –             No            5           3
Chengzhong   employee
             representative
             Supervisor




                                                                                                                                        159
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                       Attendance at meetings of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                          Whether or not
                                           Number of
                                                                                                           he/ she failed Attendance Attendance
          Name of                         meetings of                                                                                     at the
                         Position                                      Attendance                           to attend the    at Board
          Supervisor                      Supervisory Attendance                    Attendance                                           general
                                                                      in the way of             Absence        meeting in    meeting
                                          Committee      in person                     by proxy                                         meeting
                                                                   teleconference                         person for two
                                             requiring
                                                                                                              successive
                                          attendance
                                                                                                                    times

                         Supervisor
                         (appoonted
          Lv Wei                                   2            1              –             1        –             No            1           –
                         on june 20,
                         2024)

          Yu Lanying     Supervisor                5            5               1           –         –             No            4           3

          Zhang
                         Supervisor                5            4               1            1        –             No            3           –
          Xiaohong

          Zhou
                         Supervisor                5            5               1           –         –             No            4           –
          Hongrong

                         Employee
          Wang Ying      representative            5            5               1           –         –             No            5           3
                         Supervisor

                    Employee
          Wang Juan representative                 5            4               1            1        –             No            4           3
                    Supervisor

                         Supervisor
          Li Chongqi                               3            2               1            1        –             No            1           –
                         (resigned)



          Number of meetings of Supervisory Committee convened during the year                                                                5

          Of which: number of meetings held on-site                                                                                            1

                       number of meetings in the way of teleconference                                                                         1

                       number of meetings held on-site and in the way of teleconference                                                       3


          (II) Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened 5 meetings in total throughout the year,
          at which 14 proposals and reports were considered or heard. The Supervisors sat in the Board meetings and
          general meetings of the Company, monitored the decision-making process on material matters on a real-
          time basis, kept abreast of the senior management’s implementation of the decisions made by the Board
          through carefully reading the reports of the Company, including Work Newsletter (monthly) and Brief Report
          on Audit Work (quarterly) and conducting onsite investigations and surveys on the Company’s branches.
          On this basis, the Supervisory Committee gave independent opinions on the Company’s relevant matters as
          follows:

          1. Legal operation

          During the Reporting Period, the Company was under legal operation in compliance with relevant laws
          and regulations such as the Company Law, the Securities Law and the Articles of Association as well as the
          requirements of the Company’s systems. Major operational decisions of the Company were reasonable,
          and the decision-making procedures were lawful. The Company established a relatively sound internal
          management system and internal control system, under which various regulations were effectively
          implemented. During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee found no conduct violating laws,
          regulations, the Articles of Association or damaging the interests of the Company and its shareholders
          made by Directors and senior management of the Company when performing their duties, and there were




160
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
no material risks in the Company.

2. Financial conditions of the Company

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company regularly convened meetings
of the Supervisory Committee to review quarterly reports, interim reports, annual financial reports, annual
evaluation reports on internal control and other documents of the Company, and checked the business
and financial conditions of the Company. The Supervisory Committee believed that the financial report of
the Company for 2024 had been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
which had issued a standard audit report without qualified opinions. The Company’s financial statements
were prepared in compliance with the relevant requirements of the ASBE, which truly reflected the financial
conditions and operational performance of the Company. Regular reports were prepared and reviewed in                      About Us
compliance with relevant laws, regulations and various requirements of the CSRC, the contents of which
were true, accurate and complete to reflect the actual conditions of the Company.

3. Implementation of the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
Confidentiality

During the Reporting Period, the Company amended the System regarding Insider Registration and



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Management and Confidentiality of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in accordance with relevant laws and
regulations and carried out the registration and management of insider information in an orderly manner
pursuant to the policies. There were no incidents found in the Company in violation of insider registration


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
and management and confidentiality obligation.

4. Related-party transactions

During the Reporting Period, the related-party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, and
no circumstances impairing interests of the Company and shareholders have been found. When the Board
of Directors of the Company considered related matters, affiliated directors abstained from voting, and the
voting procedures were legal and valid.




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
5. Use of funds raised

During the Reporting Period, the Company successfully issued 5 tranches of short-term corporate bonds
with a total scale of RMB16.8 billion; issued one tranch of perpetual subordinated bonds with a total scale of
RMB2.6 billion; issued overseas medium-term notes with a total scale of USD593 million. During the Reporting
Period, the Company issued 2,891 income certificates with a total scale of RMB32.061 billion. As of the end
of the Reporting Period, 372 income certificates continued to exist with a total scale of RMB20.241 billion.
The funds raised from the corporate bonds have been fully utilised, which is conformed to the purpose,
utilisation plan and other agreements as undertaken in the prospectus.

6. Implementation of share incentive scheme


                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee considered the Resolution on Fulfilment of
Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the Second Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company and issued its written review opinions. The conditions for
release from selling restriction of the second lock-up period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
of A Shares of the Company have been fulfilled, which was in compliance with the requirements under
the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. without compromising the
interests of the Company and the shareholders.

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee considered the Resolution on Repurchase and
Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of the Company and issued its written review opinions. The
repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares of the Company and relevant consideration
procedures were in compliance with the requirements under the laws, regulations and normative
documents such as the Administrative Measures on Share Incentives of Listed Companies as well as the
Articles of Association and the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company without




                                                                                                                 161
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          compromising the interests of the Company and the shareholders.

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee considered the Resolution on Adjustment to the
          Repurchase Price Applicable to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company and
          issued its written review opinions. The adjustment to the repurchase price applicable to the restricted
          A Shares of the Company, which was made by the Board of the Company in accordance with the
          authorization of the general meeting, was in compliance with requirements under the laws, regulations and
          normative documents such as the Administrative Measures on Share Incentives of Listed Companies (《上市
          公司股權激勵管理辦法》) and the Incentive Scheme; and the procedures of consideration were in compliance
          with laws and regulations without any prejudice to the interests of the Company and the Shareholders.

          7. Review of relevant reports

          (1) Written reviews and opinions on the annual report of the Company for 2024 prepared by the Board
          of Directors were as follows:

          The annual report of the Company for 2024 was prepared and reviewed in compliance with the relevant
          laws, regulations and requirements of regulatory authorities, the contents of which were true, accurate and
          complete and could reflect the actual conditions of the Company.

          (2) The Supervisory Committee of the Company reviewed the Assessment Report on Internal Control
          of the Company for 2024, and had no objections to the contents therein.



          X. RISKS FOUND BY THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN THE COMPANY

          The Supervisory Committee had no objections towards the matters under supervision during the Reporting
          Period.



          XI. ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL
          SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          (I) Statement of the Board

          In accordance with the requirements of the corporate internal control standard system, it is the responsibility
          of the Board of the Company to establish, improve and effectively implement internal control, assess its
          effectiveness and truthfully disclose the assessment report on internal control. The Supervisory Committee
          oversees the establishment and implementation of internal control by the Board. The senior management
          is responsible for organizing and steering the day-to-day operation of corporate internal control. The Board
          of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
          undertake that the internal control assessment report contains no false record, misleading statement or
          material omission, and assume individual and joint legal liabilities to the authenticity, accuracy and integrity
          of this report.

          The objective of internal control of the Company is to reasonably ensure the legality and compliance of
          the operation and management, the security of the assets, and the truthfulness and completeness of
          the financial report and its relevant information, to improve operating efficiency and effectiveness, and
          to promote the accomplishment of the development strategy. Due to the inherent limitations of internal
          control, only reasonable assurance can be provided for the achievement of the above objectives. In
          addition, internal control may become inappropriate or the level of compliance with control policies and
          procedures may become lower due to the changes of situation, so it subjects to certain risks to speculate
          the effectiveness of internal control in the future based on the results of internal control evaluation.




162
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(II) Structure of the internal control system

The Board of Directors has set up special committees such as the Compliance and Risk Management
Committee, the Audit Committee and the Development Strategy Committee to comprehensively monitor
the effective implementation of internal control and self-evaluation of internal control. The Company
established the leading group for the construction and continuous optimization of internal control to
comprehensively lead internal control standardized project construction and continuously promote the
improvement of the internal control system. The Company designates Risk Management Department,
Planning and Finance Department, Inspection Department, Legal Compliance Department, etc. as internal
control management departments and all departments as internal control implementation departments

                                                                                                                           About Us
to fully cooperate with the improvement and self-assessment of the internal control system, actively rectify
defects in internal control and give feedback on rectification results as required. The Inspection Department
shall be responsible for conducting internal control evaluation independently and implementing internal
audit and assessment independently on the Company’s internal control measures annually.

(III) Construction and improvement of the internal control system

The Company strictly follows the Company Law, the Securities Law, Regulation on Supervision and
Administration of Securities Firms (《 證 券 公 司 監 督 管 理 條 例 》), Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Firms (《證券公司內部控制指引》), Basic Internal Control Norms for Enterprises (《企業內部控制基本規範》),
the implementation guidelines for enterprise internal control and other regulatory requirements, and


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
continually improves the corporate governance structure, compliance risk control system and internal
control management system. The Company practices internal control management methods, constantly
enhances the ability to restrict itself and effectively prevents and resolves various risks so as to ensure the
continuous, stable and rapid development of various businesses thereof. The Company makes clear the
internal control organizational structure and division of responsibilities, and the leading group for internal
control construction and continuous optimization supervises and promotes the internal control construction
of the Company. The Company’s whole businesses, departments, branches and all staff are involved in
internal control, throughout each link from decision-making, implementation, supervision to feedback.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Based on regulatory requirements and business development, the Company continued to improve various
internal control management systems and constantly established and improved internal control systems
appropriate to the scale and complexity of the business of the Company. Starting from prudent operation
and identification, prevention and resolution of risks, the Company established and continued to improve
a multi-level internal control evaluation mechanism comprising regular and irregular self-evaluation of
the effectiveness of internal control, evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control by internal audit
department and independent evaluation by external auditors, so as to continuously strengthen the overall
internal control.

(IV) Operation of the internal control system



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
With a focus on the regulatory requirements, development strategies and operation objectives, the
Company continued to deepen the operation of the internal control system. The Company regularly or
irregularly carried out a review and update of the system to ensure the comprehensiveness, prudence,




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
effectiveness and applicability of the system and standards, so as to avoid blank or loopholes. The Company
strengthened its risk review, assessment, examination, management and control in material institutions,
major businesses and key fields to guarantee the risks are measurable, controllable and bearable. It
deepened the establishment of the business continuity management mechanism and improved the
systems of emergency management; and actively conducted publicity and trainings to strengthen the
internal control culture publicity. The Company continued to deepen the analysis and rectification tracking
of control deficiencies and improved the effectiveness of the design and implementation of control
measures by conducting regular and irregular self-assessments of the effectiveness of internal controls and
evaluation of the effectiveness of internal controls.




                                                                                                                  163
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (V) Basis for the assessment of internal control

          The Company organizes to conduct internal control assessment according to the corporate internal control
          standard system and the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Firms (《證券公司內部控制指引》) and
          Rules for the Preparation and Reporting of Information Disclosure by Listed Issuers of Securities No. 21 –
          General Provisions on the Annual Internal Control Assessment Report (《公開發行證券的公司信息披露編報規
          則第 21 號－年度內部控制評價報告的一般規定》) issued by the CSRC and other relevant laws, regulations and
          regulatory rules.

          (VI) Internal control defect and its identification

          According to the identification requirements for major defects, important defects and general defects as
          stipulated by the internal control system of enterprises, the Board of the Company, in consideration of such
          factors as the scale of the Company, industrial characteristics, risk appetite and risk tolerance, distinguished
          financial report internal control from non-financial report internal control and determined the internal
          control defects applicable to the Company and its specific identification standards, which were consistent
          with those of the previous years.

          A material defect refers to a combination of one or more controlling defects that could cause the enterprise
          to deviate significantly from its control objectives; a significant defect refers to a combination of one or
          more controlling defects that is less severe and has less economic consequences than a material defect,
          but may still cause the enterprise to deviate from its control objectives; general defects refer to defects
          other than material defects and significant defects.

          (VII) The Company’s internal control effectiveness assessment

          According to the Basic Internal Control Norms for Enterprises (《企業內部控制基本規範》) and its provisions
          in its supporting guidelines and other regulatory requirements on internal control as well as the Company’s
          internal control system and assessment methods, we have assessed the Company’s internal control
          effectiveness on December 31, 2024 (base date of internal control assessment report) based on the daily
          supervision and specialized supervision of internal control, and have issued the Annual Internal Control
          Evaluation Report for 2024. The Company considered its risk management and internal control systems
          effective and adequate.

          The main businesses and matters included in the evaluation scope of the Company’s internal control
          include: internal environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, internal
          supervision, as well as incompatible position separation control, authorization and approval control,
          accounting system control, property protection control, budget control, operation analysis control and
          performance appraisal control involved in the control activities. High-risk areas we focused on include:
          brokerage business, financial product sales and fund investment advisory business, margin financing
          and securities lending and stock pledge businesses, equity trading business, FICC trading business, OTC
          derivatives trading business, investment banking business, funds custody and service business, research
          business, financial management, information technology, compliance and legal affairs, related-party
          transactions, internal control of subsidiaries and other key fields, as well as the liquidity risk, market risk, credit
          risk, operational risk, reputation risk, information technology risk, compliance risk, legal risk and integrity risk
          that have significant impact on the Company’s operation and management.

          According to the identification results of major defects in financial report internal control, on the base
          date of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in financial report
          internal control. The Board of Directors thinks that the Company has maintained effective financial report
          internal control in all major aspects according to the enterprise internal control standardized system and
          requirements in relevant regulations.

          According to the identification results of major defects in non-financial report internal control, on the base
          date of internal control assessment report, the Company is not aware of major defects in non-financial
          report internal control.




164
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(VIII) Work plan for internal control in 2025

In 2025, the Company will continuously promote internal control optimize work. The key contents include
referring to and implementing new regulatory and industrial requirements and improving the execution
effectiveness of management and control measures with focus on normalizing and deepening special
evaluation and examination as well as enhancing the efficiency of management and control tools;
improving the process control and the ability to identify risks, improving monitoring indicators system and
enhancing the insurmountability of management and control; and deepening the establishment of internal
control and management culture and intensifying training and publicity.



XII. MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF SUBSIDIARIES DURING THE                                                                      About Us

REPORTING PERIOD
Adhering to the philosophy of collective, specialized and platform-based management, the Company
incorporated its onshore and offshore subsidiaries into the comprehensive risk management system. During
the Reporting Period, the Company continued to enhance the refined management and control ability,
continuously integrated risk data and information of the Group, further enhanced the unified risk measuring,


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
monitoring and analysis capability of the Group and normally urged subsidiaries to implement the unified
rules of the Group to ensure that the risks of subsidiaries are measurable, controllable and bearable under



                                                                                                                          and Strategies
the overall risk preference of the Group.



XIII. INFORMATION ABOUT THE INTERNAL CONTROL AUDITING REPORT

When disclosing the annual report for 2024, the Company will also disclose the 2024 Annual Internal Control
Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and the Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co.,
Ltd. at the same time, which will be published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s official website (www.htsc.
com.cn) on March 29, 2025.

Whether to disclose the internal control audit report: Yes

Type of opinion on the audit report on internal control: Standard unqualified opinion




XIV. RECTIFICATION OF PROBLEMS DISCOVERED IN SPECIAL SELF-
INSPECTION ACTIONS ON LISTED COMPANIES GOVERNANCE


                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the Company was not involved in relevant self-inspection and rectification.




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
XV. BUILDING OF THE COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM OF
THE COMPANY AND THE INSPECTION AND AUDIT FINISHED BY
THE COMPLIANCE AND INSPECTING DEPARTMENT DURING THE
REPORTING PERIOD
The Company always places emphasis on the corporate culture of operation in compliance with laws
and regulations, and carries out strict management and prudent and standard operation. During the
Reporting Period, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements, the
Company further improved the compliance management system, perfected the organizational structure




                                                                                                                   165
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          for compliance management, and continued to deepen the compliance management of the Company to
          keep continuous and standardized development of the Company’s various businesses.

          (I) Organizational Structure for Compliance Management

          Since its establishment, the Company has been adjusting and improving the organizational structure for
          compliance management and the relevant systems based on the changes of the market environment
          and regulatory requirements and the development needs of business. According to the Measures for
          the Compliance Management of Securities Companies and Securities Investment Fund Management
          Companies (《證券公司和證券投資基金管理公司合規管理辦法》) (hereinafter referred to as the “Measures”)
          issued by the CSRC, the Company further clarified the compliance duties of the Board of Directors,
          Supervisory Committee, senior management, chief compliance officer, and responsible persons of
          all departments, all branches and subsidiaries at all levels (hereinafter referred to collectively as “all
          subordinate units”) in the Articles of Association and the basic compliance management system. The
          current compliance organizational system comprehensively reflects the basic requirements of the
          Measures for “full compliance” and “starting compliance management from the senior management”, and
          a resultant force situation of sound compliance management organizational structure, clear positioning of
          responsibilities at all levels and full compliance is basically created.

          The Board of Directors is the supreme decision-making body for compliance management of the Company,
          which bears ultimate responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, decides on the
          compliance management objectives and is responsible for the effectiveness of compliance management
          of the Company; the Compliance and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is
          responsible for overseeing the overall risk management of the Company and controlling the risks within
          a reasonable range to ensure that the internal management system, business rules, significant decisions
          and main business activities of the Company are in compliance with laws and regulations and the risks
          are controllable and bearable; the Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the compliance
          management and the performance of compliance management duties by Directors and senior
          management; the senior management assumes the major responsibilities for compliance management,
          implements the compliance management objectives of the Company and is responsible for the whole
          company’s compliance management; responsible persons of all subordinate units are responsible for their
          units’ operations in accordance with laws and regulations; all the staff of the Company are responsible for
          the compliance of the operational matters and professional conducts within the range of their operational
          activities.

          The chief compliance officer is in charge of the compliance of the Company, conducts audit, inspection
          and supervision on the compliance of the management and professional conducts of the Company and
          its staff, and helps the operation management effectively identify and manage compliance risks. The
          chief compliance officer is a member of the Company’s senior management, and is appointed by the
          Board of Directors. The chief compliance officer does not hold any concurrent posts or take charge of any
          departments that conflict with his/her compliance management duties.

          The Company has established a Legal Compliance Department to assist the chief compliance officer in
          performing specific compliance management duties, mainly including: establishment of the compliance
          management system of the Company; compliance training, inspection and guidance; assessment
          and unified disposal of compliance risks; compliance review and compliance reports; cooperation with
          external compliance supervision and management institutions; anti-money laundering and Chinese Wall;
          establishment of the legal system of the Company; review of legal documents; handling of legal affairs;
          assessment of and consultation on legal risks.

          All departments and branches of the Company have their own compliance officers. A compliance officer is
          mainly responsible for the compliance management work of the unit he/she belongs to, carrying out timely
          and effective supervision, inspection, assessment and reporting on the implementation of compliance
          policies and procedures by such unit and its staff, and is responsible for the unit’s communication and
          exchange of information with the Legal Compliance Department and other compliance management work.




166
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
The Company further strengthened the vertical management on compliance of branches, established a
three-dimensional compliance management mechanism, promoted the construction of digital compliance,
and deepened the effective integration of business and compliance. Each branch of the Company has
established and improved various compliance management systems and mechanisms in accordance
with their own actual situations. The Company established the management measures for compliance
of subsidiaries, which made detailed arrangements for basic principles, organizational structure and
working mechanism of compliance management of the subsidiaries, and established a sound compliance
management system appropriate to the group strategy on the basis of ensuring the independence of the
subsidiaries’ legal representatives.


                                                                                                                            About Us
(II) Compliance System Building of the Company

The Company continued to improve the compliance management system and formed various compliance
management systems, including the Compliance Management System (2017 Revision), Measures for
the Compliance Management of Subsidiaries (2020 Revision), Daily Working Measures for Compliance
Management (2020 Revision), Measures for Management of Compliance Management Personnel (2020
Revision) and Measures for the Implementation of Compliance Accountability.

During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated or amended compliance systems such as the


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Contract Management System, the Administrative Measures on Securities Investment Behaviors of Staff,
the Basic System for Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Financing, the System for Prompt Reporting
of Significant Events, the Measures on Handling Business Complaints from Customers, and the Guidelines

                                                                                                                          and Strategies
on Compliance Management of Proxy Sales of Private Financial Products, which further optimized the
compliance control system and the anti-money laundering management system.

(III) Implementation of the Compliance Management Mechanism

Since the full implementation of the compliance management system, the Company saw continuous
improvement of its compliance management work, explored to build up the “core competitiveness in terms
of compliance” and saw significant improvement in the standardization of operations. During the Reporting




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Period, by adhering to the work objective of “seeing clearly, managing well and doing a good job”, the
Company consolidated the fundamentals in collaboration with various businesses, continued to strengthen
business synergy to support business innovation, iterated and upgraded the digital compliance capabilities.
It effectively implemented the new Anti-Money Laundering Law (《反洗錢法》), made solid efforts to prevent the
risks of economic sanction and export control, and continued to enhance the management of employees’
behaviors in securities investment, so as to empower the business to speed up the building of a core
competitive advantage in compliance.

(IV) Information about Inspection Carried out by the Compliance Department
during the Reporting Period



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the compliance department of the Company continued to carry out targeted
inspections on key businesses and key processes, and organized and launched compliance inspections on
fund custody and service business, compliance inspections on financial product proxy sale and introduction,



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
compliance inspections on stock options brokerage business of branches, special compliance inspections
on subsidiaries and special inspections on anti-money laundering, etc. as well as continued to follow up on
the progress of rectification and improvement work.

(V) Progress of Audit Work of the Audit Department during the Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department improved the audit mechanism, optimized
the project process, strengthened team building and deepened technological empowerment, striving to
build a “centralized, unified, overall, authoritative and efficient” supervision system, and actively fulfilling
the work requirements of “acting like the arms employing the fingers, like a shadow following the body
and like a thunder through the ear”. It carried out inspections and evaluation on the establishment and




                                                                                                                   167
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          implementation of the internal control mechanisms of each department and subsidiary, and each branch
          and securities business department of the Company, the legality and compliance of business operation,
          operating guarantee, client services, anti-money laundering and innovative business, as well as the
          accuracy of financial revenue and expenditure and accounting calculation, ensuring all works to comply
          with the quality control requirements and contributing to the strategy implementation and steady operation
          of the Company.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department served the classified and stratified customer
          service system that links the whole business chain, continued to expand the scope of audit supervision
          in depth and width without leaving any area undiscovered, ensuring that audits are carried out in an
          overall and rigorous manner and that violations must be held accountable. During the Reporting Period, it
          completed 190 audit items, including 17 regular and General Managers’ departure audits on business and
          management departments, including the research institute, asset custody department, financial products
          department, securities investment department, wealth management department, fixed income department,
          debt financing department, margin financing and securities lending department, sales and trading
          department, platform operation department, investment advisor development department, financial
          innovation department, central trading room, office; 11 regular and senior management’ departure audits on
          branches, including Huatai Futures, Huatai United Securities, Huatai Asset Management, Huatai Innovative
          Investment, Huatai Purple Gold Investment, Huatai International and Jiangsu Equity Exchange; 22 departure
          and mandatory leave audits on General Managers of branches, including those in Yancheng, Yunnan,
          Yangzhou, Changzhou, Shenzhen, Nanjing, Xuzhou, Zhenjiang, Jiangxi, Tianjin, Wuxi, Zhejiang, Sichuan,
          Shandong, Shanghai, Anhui, Hubei, Hunan, Beijing, Suzhou and Taizhou; 127 departure and mandatory leave
          audits on General Managers of securities branches, including those in Beijing Yonghe Palace, Xisanhuan
          in Beijing, Suzhou Street in Beijing, Century Avenue of Pudong New District in Shanghai, Huanghe Road in
          Shanghai, Raffles Square of Huangpu District in Shanghai, Huanshi East Road in Guangzhou, Zhujiang West
          Avenue in Guangzhou, Yuncheng East Road in Guangzhou, Yitian Road in Shenzhen, Zhongxin Road of Houhai
          in Shenzhen, Zhenghe Middle Road in Nanjing, Zhimaying in Nanjing, Changjiang Road in Nanjing, Ganjiang
          West Road in Suzhou and Xinshi Road in Suzhou; 13 special audits including assessment of the effectiveness
          of corporate compliance management, corporate internal control evaluation, effectiveness evaluation of
          the dynamic monitoring system for corporate risk control indicators, evaluation of corporate anti-money
          laundering, specific securities investment and funds custody and service business, specific funds sales
          business, specific related-party transactions, specific corporate system operation and maintenance
          as well as security management and special key matters in 2023. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
          audit reports have been issued for 182 audit items; 575 audit opinions and suggestions were put forward;
          according to the Implementing Rules for Penalties of Illegal Behaviors Discovered in Audit of Huatai
          Securities Co., Ltd., suggestions were made on penalties for 126 person-times and the penalty amounted to
          RMB185,000, to reinforce the accountability constraints and achieve a warning effect. As of the end of the
          Reporting Period, 503 audit issues had reached the deadline for rectification (one month after the issuance
          of the document), and 481 of them had been rectified, representing a rectification completion rate of 95.63%.
          All units under auditing actively coordinated in the auditing process and the audit opinions and suggestions
          were recognized by units under auditing and their responsible persons.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department promoted the improvement of the audit
          quality control mechanism with reference to new external regulations. On the one hand, against the
          background of formal implementation of the Guidelines for Internal Audit of Securities Firms (《證券公司內
          部審計指引》), the Internal Audit Management System (《內部審計管理制度》) was formulated to clarify the
          positioning of internal audit functions and basic work requirements from five aspects, namely, organizational
          structure and personnel management, terms of reference, implementation of work procedures, application
          of results and audit accountability; and with respect to audit projects that involved a large number of
          personnel in key positions which accounted for a high proportion, the Measures for Internal Audit of
          Personnel in Key Positions (《關鍵崗位人員內部審計辦法》) was amended to refine the scope of audit and
          clarify the direction of audit. On the other hand, focusing on improving work quality and optimizing audit
          quality and process control, a dedicated task force was set up to formulate the Administrative Measures on
          Internal Audit Quality Control (《內部審計質量控制管理辦法》), which aims to establish a mechanism for the
          operation of integrated, coherent and consistent audit processes, including audit planning, organization




168
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
and implementation, review and examination, and supervision and rectification, and build a mechanism for
the allocation of resources and elements that matches the audit duties and responsibilities.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department strengthened the scenario empowerment
of audit work based on platform construction. On the one hand, it improved online audit management
by refreshing the audit platform, with a brand-new audit work platform put into full use for audit projects
after completion of the first phase of functional construction of the new audit system, and while meeting
the needs of project implementation, more process-oriented and convenient functions have been under
continuous construction around the OKR target. On the other hand, based on audit data specifications, it
enhanced use of data analysis, further improved data demand management specifications of the audit


                                                                                                                          About Us
data mart, made full use of various data governance tools available in the Company’s digital intelligence
middle platform to carry out data governance and integration, and continued to expand scenarios for use
of data analysis. In addition, it widely mobilized audit staff to stimulate innovation based on audit needs,
and explored various segmented audit scenarios with the help of the Company’s competition resources
or intelligent tools, with the two objectives of “empowering business development” and “empowering audit
quality and efficiency”.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department continued to promote the application of audit
results, giving equal emphasis to the “latter part” of audit rectification and the “former part” of revealing



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
problems by auditing, ensuring the planning, promoting and implementing work to be done in an integrated
way. On the one hand, it strengthened personnel allocation to rectification and supervision, improved the
design of rectification tracking process, developed and launched an audit rectification function module


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
based on the audit work platform, and connected the module with a project implementation module
to realize an automated task delivery mechanism for initial audit rectification; it kept track of issues that
had not been properly rectified on an ongoing basis, and made rectification and supervision work more
practical and detailed, so that it could implement the online life-cycle management of the audit issues
from discovery to rectification. On the other hand, it tapped into the value of issues, implemented results
transformation and kept normalized delivery of reports to the operating management and compliance and
risk control departments, sending specifically gathered reports to relevant units for their work reference; it




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
put forward specific recommendations to relevant units to promote prevention and control from the source;
as for general and typical issues, it compiled and delivered analysis reports on auditing issues, and sent
audit briefs to the whole company to prevent the “broken windows effect”.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 169
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XVI. INFORMATION ABOUT THE STAFF OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND
          MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AS AT THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
          (I) Information about the staff

          Number of staff employed by the parent company                                                                                             11,441

          Number of staff employed by major subsidiaries                                                                                            5,523

          The total number of staff employed                                                                                                        16,964

          Number of retired staff of the parent company and its major
                                                                                                                                                      232
          subsidiaries that need to be paid for the cost

                                                                  Profession Composition

          Profession                                                                                                                  Number of staff

          Operation professionals                                                                                                                   10,997

          Operation support professionals                                                                                                           2,630

          Research and development professionals                                                                                                     3,337

          Total                                                                                                                                     16,964

                                                                            Education

          Level of education                                                                                                      Number (persons)

          Doctor                                                                                                                                       164

          Master                                                                                                                                     7,561

          Bachelor                                                                                                                                  6,724

          Junior college graduate and below                                                                                                            881

          Total                                                                                                                                     15,330

          Note: Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics do not include those of employees of corporations in
          the United States. Number of the Group’s staff includes dispatched workers and brokers etc.




                                                          Operation professionals                                                        Doctor


                                                          Operation support                                                              Master
                      Profession
                                                          professionals                               Education
                     Composition
                                                                                                                                         Bachelor
                                                          Research and development
                                                          professionals                                                                  Junior college
                                                                                                                                         graduate and below




170
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 10 members of senior management, of whom
8 were male and 2 were female. The Group had 8,506 male employees and 6,824 female employees in
total, representing 44.5% being female employees (Note: Due to the internal policies of US companies, the
gender structure statistics do not include US company employees). The Board is of the opinion that the
Company has achieved gender diversity among its employees (including senior management), and is not
aware of any factors or circumstances which make achieving gender diversity across the workforce more
challenging or less relevant.

The Company issued the “Statement of Rights and Benefits of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.” (《华泰证券股份有限
公司權益及福利聲明》) on the official website of the Company, which explicitly advocates employee diversity


                                                                                                                         About Us
and ensures that the employment and career development of employees are not affected by any factors
such as race, faith, gender, religion, nationality, ethnicity, age, marital status and social status.

(II) Remuneration policy

The Company implements the concept of stable operation, closely integrates compensation management
with risk management, pays attention to the bottom-line requirements of compliance and fully considers
the impact of market cycle fluctuations, industry characteristics and the Company’s business development
trends. The Company integrated the cultural concept of “compliance, integrity, professionalism and


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
stability” into its compensation management and continued to improve its remuneration management
system compatible with its operation performance, business nature, level of contribution, compliance and
risk control, and social culture, as well as established and improved a sound remuneration incentive and

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
restraint mechanism to promote high-quality and sustainable development of the Company and the
industry.

The Company attached importance to the linkage between remuneration and benefits, took into account
both internal fairness and external competitiveness of incentives, and established a remuneration and
incentive allocation mechanism that is linked to the Company’s overall benefits, guided by the results of
the comprehensive appraisal, and matched with compliance and risk management. Staff remuneration
of the Company consists of fixed salary, rank-based allowances, performance bonus, medium and long-




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
term incentives and benefit plans, etc. The Company has established and implemented the restricted share
incentive scheme of A Shares in accordance with national laws and regulations, which established a sound
medium and long-term incentive and restraint mechanism to gather core talents.

Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, the Company makes full payments to social insurances and
housing fund accounts for staff in accordance with laws. Meanwhile, the Company has established the
supplementary medical insurance plan and enterprise annuity plan to improve supplementary medical
care and retirement treatment of staff.

(III) Training programs




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
In line with the development trend of industry innovation and transformation, the Company continued to
centralize its training on the aspects including ideological and political, industry culture, comprehensive
quality, professional ability, professional ethics and international vision and its annual training plan was
implemented smoothly. The Company launched ideological and political education and securities industry



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
culture training to promote the integration of theories, culture building and talent cultivation; formulated
education and training programs for cadres, and carried out three types of in-depth training on improving
theoretical literacy, political competence and duty performance; and organized series of training projects
on career development such as the “BAL” project for managers, the “HIPO” project for skilled employees and
the “STAR” project for new employees to support employees’ career development; implemented business
trainings on wealth management, institutional business, financial technology, compliance and risk control
and etc. to improve employees’ professional capabilities and strengthen their professional ethics; and rolled
out a trend forum program to broaden the international horizon of employees and strengthen domestic
and overseas interconnections. In addition, the Company effectively utilized the cloud learning platform and
continuously optimized its functions to improve employees’ user experience. During the Reporting Period,
the Company organized 513 live broadcast training sessions on the platform. 1,032,500 participants studied




                                                                                                                171
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          through the platform and completed 366,900 hours of learning with an average of 36.85 hours for each
          participant.

          (IV) During the Reporting Period, there was no labor outsourcing by the Company.



          XVII. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN
          OR OTHER EMPLOYEE INCENTIVES MEASURES AND THEIR IMPLICATION
          On February 8, 2021, a series of resolutions including the Resolution on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
          of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary was considered and approved at the
          Company’s first extraordinary general meeting of 2021. On March 23, 2021, upon consideration and approval
          at the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company made
          adjustment to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and agreed to grant restricted A Shares to
          the incentive participants, and the grant date was determined to be March 29, 2021. For details, please refer
          to the announcements of the Company dated December 31, 2020 and March 23, 2021.

          (I) Summary of the Share Incentive Scheme

          1. Purposes

          The Company has formulated the Incentive Scheme in accordance with the relevant requirements of the
          Company Law, the Securities Law, the Trial Measures on Implementation of Share Incentive Schemes by
          State-owned Listed Companies (Domestic) (Guo Zi Fa Fen Pei [2006] No. 175) (《國有控股上市公司 ( 境內 ) 實施
          股權激勵試行辦法》( 國資發分配 [2006]175 號 )), the Notice on Issues concerning Regulating the Implementation
          of the Share Incentive Schemes by State-Owned Listed Companies (Guo Zi Fa Fen Pei [2008] No. 171) (《關於
          規範國有控股上市公司實施股權激勵制度有關問題的通知》( 國資分配 [2008]171 號 )), Opinions on Supporting Share
          Repurchase by Listed Companies (CSRC Announcement [2018] No. 35) (《關於支持上市公司回購股份的意見》( 中
          國證監會公告 [2018]35 號 )) and The Administrative Measures on Incentive Scheme of Listed Companies (CSRC
          Decree No. 148) (《上市公司股權激勵管理辦法》( 中國證監會令第 148 號 )). The main purposes of implementing
          the Incentive Scheme are as follows: (1) to deepen and implement the mixed-ownership reform of state-
          owned enterprises; (2) to stabilize and enhance the Company’s value; (3) to advocate the concept of joint
          and sustainable development of both the Company and the individual; (4) to establish and improve the
          long-term incentive and restriction mechanism of the Company.

          2. Scope of the Incentive Participants

          The incentive participants granted under the Incentive Scheme shall include directors and senior
          management officers and other core key employees of the Company, but exclude non-executive Directors
          (including independent Directors) and Supervisors of the Company. All of the incentive participants are
          employed with the Company (including branches) or wholly-owned or majority-controlled subsidiaries.

          3. Interests Proposed to be Granted under the Share Incentive Scheme

          The Restricted A Shares proposed to be granted to the incentive participants under the Incentive Scheme
          shall be not more than 45,640,000 shares, representing 0.50% of the total share capital of the Company
          at the end of the Reporting Period. The source of shares is the ordinary A shares repurchased from the
          secondary market by the Company. The grant price shall be RMB9.10 per share and shall not be lower than
          the higher of 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for the last trading day preceding the date
          of the Share Incentive Scheme and 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for either the last 20
          trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days immediately preceding the Share Incentive Scheme.

          4. Validity Period of the Share Incentive Scheme and Arrangement of Lock-up Period

          The validity period of the Incentive Scheme shall commence from the date of completion of registration of




172
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
the granted Restricted Shares and end on the date when all the Restricted Shares granted to the incentive
participants are fully unlocked (excluding those subject to voluntary lock-up or reduction restriction over
Directors and senior management) or repurchased and deregistered, for a maximum of six years. As of the
disclosure date of this report, the remaining term of the Incentive Scheme is approximately two years and
one month.

The lock-up period of the Restricted Shares granted under the Incentive Scheme is 24 months from the date
of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding portion of the Restricted Shares, and the
unlocking period and unlocking schedule of each period of the Restricted Shares granted is set out below:



                                                                                                                            About Us
Unlocking                                                                                              Unlocking
Arrangement           Unlocking Period                                                                proportion

                      Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 24 months from
The first unlocking   the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                            33%
period                portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 36 months from
                      the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares

                      Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 36 months from



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
The second            the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                            33%
unlocking period      portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 48 months from
                      the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                    Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 48 months from
The third unlocking the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                            34%
period              portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 60 months from
                    the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares



(II) Particulars of the Grant under the Share Incentive Scheme




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
On April 7, 2021, the Company received the Certificate of Registration of Changes in Securities issued by
China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to set out the record date
being April 6, 2021 and granted 45,488,000 Restricted A Shares to 810 eligible incentive participants at the
grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. The Company has completed the registration of the grant of the restricted
A Shares. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 7, 2021.

(III) Subsequent Development of the Share Incentive Scheme during the Reporting
Period

1. Release from Selling Restriction of the Second Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company and Listing of Relevant Shares

The eighth meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the seventh meeting of the sixth session of the




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Supervisory Committee of the Company held on April 12, 2024 considered and approved the Resolution
on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the Second Lock-up Period under the
Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company respectively. The Company has completed
the relevant procedures for release from selling restriction of 13,269,954 restricted shares held by 731
incentive participants in accordance with relevant regulations, the above-mentioned Shares were released
from selling restriction and were listed for trading on May 16, 2024. The closing price of A Shares as at the
trading date preceding to the release of selling restriction (i.e. May 15, 2024) was RMB13.73 per share.

2. Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares

The eighth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the seventh meeting of the sixth session of the
Supervisory Committee of the Company held on April 12, 2024 and the 2023 Annual General Meeting, the




                                                                                                                   173
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2024 First A Share Class Meeting, and the 2024 First H Share Class Meeting of the Company held on June
          20, 2024 considered and approved the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted
          A Shares of the Company, respectively. The Company repurchased and canceled part or all of 2,082,559
          restricted shares granted to 175 persons but subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment of
          condition of individual performance by incentive participants, release or termination of employment with
          the Company and other circumstances.


          During the Reporting Period, changes in the restricted A Shares granted under the Share Incentive Scheme
          are as follows:
                               Number Locked                                                                 Number Locked
                              at the Beginning    Number Newly         Number      Number     Cancellation        at the End
          Participant             of the Period       Granted         Unlocked    Cancelled          Price     of the Period

          Zhou Yi                    482,400                –         237,600             –             –          244,800

          Five highest
          remuneration                381,900               –          188,100            –             –          193,800
          individuals

          Other incentive
                                  28,414,092                –       12,844,254   2,082,559           7.37        13,487,279
          participants

          Total                   29,278,392                –       13,269,954   2,082,559           7.37       13,925,879



          (IV) There was no share incentive granted to the Directors and senior management
          during the Reporting Period.

          (V) Appraisal mechanism for the senior management and the establishment and
          implementation of incentive mechanism during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company comprehensively promoted the tenure system and contractual
          management of the operating management, and organized senior management to sign the annual
          operating performance responsibility letter. The Company followed the principle of sharing goals,
          comprehensively benchmarking the market and attaching equal importance to incentives and restrictions
          in carrying out annual performance appraisal on senior management. Appraisal on senior management
          adopts the target appraisal on key performance indicators. The performance indicators are related not
          only to the annual operating goals of the Company but also reflect the orientation of compliance operation
          as well as the emphasis and difficulties of relevant work charged by such individual. The performance
          indicators and target value on senior management are determined by the Board based on the Company’s
          annual operation strategies, the characteristics of the Company, the market environment and others. The
          Board determines the level of annual appraisal and remuneration allocation of senior management at the
          end of the year after comprehensively considering the Company’s annual operating goals, the completion
          of relevant work charged by the senior management and the special annual compliance appraisal.



          XVIII. PROPOSAL OF PROFIT DISTRIBUTION OR CAPITALIZATION FROM
          CAPITAL RESERVE
          (I) Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

          Article 261 of the Articles of Association has clarified the Company’s profit distribution policy, the decision-
          making process for the profit distribution plan and the decision-making process for adjustments of the
          profit distribution policy. The policy of the Company’s profit distribution is: “The Company shall focus on
          generating a reasonable investment return to the investors and implements continual and steady policy of
          profit distribution; the Company’s profit distribution shall not exceed the scope of accumulated distributable




174
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
profits nor impair the Company’s continual operational capability; the Company may distribute dividends
in form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares. Except for the special condition under which
the Company plans to conduct material investments or make major cash expenses within the next twelve
months, or other conditions that may result in the fact that the Company fails to comply with the regulatory
requirements regarding net capital, the Company shall distribute its dividends in form of cash if the
Company’s profits for the current year and its accumulated non-distributed profits are positive; for the last
three years, the Company’s accumulated profits distributed in form of cash shall not be less than 30% of
the annual average distributable profit realized for the last three years; upon the proposal by the Board of
Directors and approval by the general meeting, an interim dividend distribution may be made in the form
of cash; the Company may distribute dividends in the form of shares based on the annual profits and cash

                                                                                                                              About Us
flow status and subject to the satisfaction of the lowest ratio for cash dividend and the reasonableness of
the Company’s equity scale.”

For the last three years (including the Reporting Period), the Company did not have any plan or proposal
regarding capitalization from capital reserve to share capital. The details of the profit distribution plan or
proposal of ordinary shares of the Company over the last three years (including the Reporting Period) were
as follows:

In 2022, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the



                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
Company’s total share capital of 9,075,589,027 shares after deducting 45,278,495 A Shares deposited in
the special account for securities repurchase and 925,692 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled (i.e.
on the basis of 9,029,384,840 shares), with the total cash dividend of RMB4,063,223,178.00 (tax inclusive),


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
representing 36.76% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated
basis for 2022.

In 2023, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.43 (tax inclusive) per share based on the
Company’s total share capital of 9,029,384,840 shares prior to the implementation of the plan, with the total
cash dividend of RMB3,882,635,481.20 (tax inclusive), representing 30.45% of net profit attributable to the
shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2023.




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
In 2024 Interim, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) per share based on the
Company’s total share capital of 9,027,302,281 shares prior to the implementation of the plan, with the total
cash dividend of RMB1,354,095,342.15 (tax inclusive), representing 25.50% of net profit attributable to the
shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for the half year of 2024.

In 2024, after comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the
development of the Company, the 2024 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:

1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB0.37 (tax inclusive) per Share based on the Company’s
total share capital as of the end of the Reporting Period of 9,027,302,281 shares, with the total cash dividend
of RMB3,340,101,843.97 (tax inclusive). The Company effected the interim profit distribution for 2024, which is
a cash dividend of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) per Share, with the total cash dividend of RMB1,354,095,342.15 (tax




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
inclusive). The aggregate cash dividend (including distributed interim cash dividend) of the Company for
the year amounted to RMB4,694,197,186.12 (tax inclusive), resulting in an aggregate cash dividend of RMB0.52
(tax inclusive) per Share, representing 30.58% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the listed




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
company in the consolidated statements for the year of 2024.

If the total share capital of the Company changes as a result of repurchase and cancellation of shares
granted in the equity incentive during the period from the disclosure date of this proposal to the record
date of the implementation of the dividend distribution, the Company intends to maintain the distribution
ratio per share unchanged and adjust the total distribution accordingly. The remaining profits available for
distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.

2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the
depositary of GDRs) and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding
the investors of Southbound Trading) in HKD or RMB. Holders of H Shares (excluding the investors of
Southbound Trading) will be given the option to elect to receive all (save in the case of HKSCC Nominees
Limited, which may elect to receive all or part of its entitlement) of the dividend in HKD or RMB. Further details




                                                                                                                     175
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          with respect to dividend currency election will be announced in due course. The actual distribution amount
          in HKD shall be calculated at the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB to HKD issued by the PBOC five
          business days prior to the date of the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

          Upon consideration and approval of the profit distribution proposal of the Company for 2024 at the 2024
          Annual General Meeting of the Company, the Company will distribute the cash dividend for 2024 before
          August 31, 2025.


          (II) Particulars of cash dividend policy

          Whether it is in compliance with the requirements of the Articles of Association
                                                                                                                                              √Yes      No
          or the resolutions of general meetings

          Whether the dividend distribution criteria and proportion are well defined and
                                                                                                                                              √Yes      No
          clear

          Whether the relevant decision-making procedures and mechanism are
                                                                                                                                              √Yes      No
          complete

          Whether the independent directors fulfil their duties and play their roles                                                          √Yes      No

          Whether the minority shareholders have the opportunities to sufficiently voice
          their opinions and make requests, and whether their legal interests are fully                                                       √Yes      No
          protected



          (III) Proposal of profit distribution and share capital increase by way of transfer from
          capital reserves during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                 Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


          Number of bonus shares per 10 shares (share)                                                                                                    –

          Dividends per 10 shares (Yuan) (tax inclusive)                                                                                               5.20

          Number of increased shares per 10 shares (share)                                                                                                –

          Amount of cash dividends (tax inclusive)                                                                                       4,694,197,186.12

          Net profit attributable to the shareholders of ordinary shares of the Company in
                                                                                                                                      14,635,336,947.13
          the consolidated statement

          Percentage of amount of cash dividends to net profit attributable to the
          shareholders of ordinary shares of the Company in the consolidated financial                                                               32.07
          statements (%)

          Amount for repurchase of shares under cash included in cash dividends                                                                           –

          Total amount of dividends (tax inclusive)                                                                                      4,694,197,186.12

          Ratio of total amount of dividends to net profit attributable to ordinary
                                                                                                                                                     32.07
          shareholders of the listed company in consolidated statements (%)

          Note: Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the listed company is net profit attributable to shareholders of the listed company after
          deducting the effect of dividends from other equity instruments and restricted share bonuses. For details, please refer to "Annual Financial
          Report" "Notes to the consolidated financial statemengs" "19 Basic and diluted earnings per share" of this report. Based on net profit attributable
          to shareholders of the listed company for the year, the percentage of cash dividend for the year was 30.58%.




176
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(IV) Cash dividends for the last three accounting years

                                                                                         Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


Total amount of cash dividends for the last three accounting years (tax
                                                                                             12,640,055,845.32
inclusive) (1)

Total amount for repurchase and cancellation for the last three accounting
                                                                                                                 –
years (2)

Total amount of cash dividends and that for repurchase and cancellation for

                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                                             12,640,055,845.32
the last three accounting years (3)=(1)+(2)

Average annual net profit amount for the last three accounting years (4)                       13,051,927,051.72

Cash dividend payout ratio for the last three accounting years (%) (5)=(3)/(4)                              96.84

Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the listed company in
                                                                                              14,635,336,947.13
consolidated statements for the latest accounting year

Undistributed profit as at the year end of the parent company’s statements for

                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                                              26,611,438,102.44
the latest accounting year



XIX. OTHER INFORMATION                                                                                                       and Strategies


(I) Company Secretary

Mr. Zhang Hui is one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, while Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne,
senior vice president of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, is the joint company secretary




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
fulfilling the relevant qualification requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The company secretary is
mainly responsible for facilitating the operation of the Board, ensuring the effective communication between
the members of the Board and the observation of the policies and procedures of the Board, and ensuring
the compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulations by the Company. Any Director can
discuss with, seek advice from and obtain information from the company secretary. The primary contact
person for Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne at the Company is Mr. Zhang Hui.

Each of Mr. Zhang Hui and Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne has complied with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules by receiving relevant professional training for no less than 15 hours during the
Reporting Period.

(II) Responsibilities of the Directors and Auditors in respect of the Accounts


                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
The following statement of responsibilities of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
of this report. Each responsibility statement shall be understood separately.

The Board of Directors confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual report of the
Group for the year ended December 31, 2024.

The Board of Directors is responsible for presenting a clear and well-defined assessment of the annual and
interim reports, stock price sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed according to
the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided relevant and
necessary explanation and information for the Board of Directors so that the Board of Directors could make
informed assessment on the financial data and position of the Group for examination and approval at the
Board meetings.

To the knowledge of all Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant




                                                                                                                      177
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          uncertainty likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustainable operations.
          In addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities
          which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed to.

          For the purposes of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority’s Transparency Rule 4.1.12(3), each
          Director (whose names and functions are listed on page 117 of this report) of the Company, to the best of
          their knowledge, confirm the following two points, respectively:

          (a) the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards,
          give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the
          undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and

          (b) the management report (being this annual report, excluding the financial statements referred to above
          (on pages 261-410 of the financial report attached to this report) and the independent auditor’s report
          thereon (on pages 254-260 of the financial report attached to this report)) includes a fair review of the
          development and performance of the business and the position of the Group and the undertakings included
          in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that
          the Group faces.

          (III) Performance Assessment Results for Directors and Supervisors

          During the Reporting Period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company had abided by the relevant
          provisions of laws, administrative laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, and performed
          their duties and obligations honestly and diligently.

          All the Directors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently
          in compliance with laws. They have attended Board meetings, various meetings of special committees
          and special meetings for independent directors in accordance with relevant provisions, considered
          each proposal seriously, offered advice and suggestions on significant strategic decisions and plans,
          important investment and financing projects, business innovations, related-party transactions, compliance
          management and internal control, system construction, appointment of senior management, performance
          assessment, enterprise cultural construction and social responsibilities of the Company, and acted as
          professional gatekeepers on such issues, which ensured those material decisions to be scientific and
          standardized as well as the sustainable and innovative development of the Company, and preserved the
          interests of the shareholders practically.

          All the Supervisors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently
          in compliance with laws. They have attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee in accordance
          with relevant provisions, attended the Board meetings, considered each proposal carefully, supervised
          and inspected the legality of operation, material decisions and important business activities as well as
          the financial position of the Company, actively protected the legal interests of the Company and its
          shareholders, promoted the legal operation and standardized management, and ensured the sound
          development of the Company.

          For details on the performance of duties of the Company’s Directors and Supervisors, please refer to the
          “Performance of Duties of Directors” and “Performance of Duties of Supervisors” under this section in this
          report.

          (IV) Communication with Shareholders

          The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
          shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
          holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
          Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
          in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.

          The Company pays great attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively and regularly carries
          out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and meet their reasonable




178
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
needs timely. The Company has formulated a series of relatively perfect rules and regulations such as the
Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, to manage investor relationship in accordance with
the standards, systems and procedures.

The Company’s Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, namely the shareholder
communication policy of the Company, was reviewed and amended by the Board on October 28, 2022
to ensure implementation and effectiveness. The Company confirms that the current Administrative
System Regarding Investor Relationship, namely the shareholder communication policy of the Company, is
effectively implemented by the following measures:

The provisions set out in the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship are designed to

                                                                                                                         About Us
ensure that shareholders of the Company, including individual and institutional investors (collectively,
“shareholders”) and, where appropriate, securities analysts and potential investors, have full and equal
access to information about the Company in due course, thus to help the effective performance of
shareholders’ rights, to enhance communication between shareholders and the Company, and to increase
their understanding and recognition of the Company.

The main channels through which the Company communicates information to its shareholders are the
regular reports, announcements and circulars published on the websites of the SSE, the HKEXnews website
of Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the website of LSE and the official website of the Company. In addition,


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
the Company has developed good interaction and communication with its shareholders by means of
holding regular results announcement meetings, opening a service hotline, setting up an investor relations


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
column on the website of the Company and conducting on-site research and receptions to ensure timely
communication of the relevant information about the Company to Shareholders and relevant parties.

The Board of Directors of the Company is willing to listen to shareholders’ advice and encourages
shareholders to attend the general meetings to ask the Board of Directors or the management directly
about any doubts they may hold. Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or submit
interim proposals to general meetings according to the procedures set out in Article 84 and Article 89 of the
Articles of Association, which were published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the HKEXnews




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
website of the HKEX and the Company’s official website. The Company will arrange for the Board of Directors
to answer the shareholders’ questions at its annual general meeting for 2024.

(V) Investor Relations

The Board of Directors of the Company attached great importance to investor relations management and
was committed to promoting the creation of an open, transparent, inclusive and sharing atmosphere for
investor interaction, and to effectively safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of investors. The
Company planned, arranged and organized various activities to manage investor relations with a strong
sense of responsibility, including coordinating on-site interviews to the Company, and keeping in contact
with regulatory authorities, investors, intermediary agencies and news media and so on.




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the Company timely updated information on the “Investor Relations” column
on the Company’s website, and answered inquiries from investors of the interactive e-platform on the
website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company has received 42 times of onsite investigations




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
and surveys or telephone interviews from approximately 229 researchers and investors such as securities
companies and funds companies at home and abroad in the whole year. The Company also carried out
daily consultation work seriously for investors and answered their questions in detail. Meanwhile, to assist
the issuance of the periodic reports, the Company held 2 presentations for operating performance and 3
online briefings on performance, and proactively attended strategy seminars and investment forums held
by domestic or foreign financial institutions. It attended 10 strategy seminars and investment forums during
the Reporting Period and maintained full communications with investors and researchers on issues such
as the development trend of the industry, operational performance of the Company as well as its business
development strategy, which effectively promoted investors’ and researchers’ understanding of the business
condition and result performance of the Company, completely marketed the development advantages of
the Company, and correctly guided market expectations. The Company persisted in inducing and analyzing
various questions proposed by investors to improve the professionalism, normalization and the quality of
investor relations management of the Company.




                                                                                                                179
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Company’s reception of investigations and surveys, communications and participation in strategy
          seminars and investment forums held by domestic or overseas financial institutions in the year of 2024 are
          as follows:
                                                                                                           Major topics
                                                                                                           discussed and
                Date of                       Way of                                                       information
          No.   reception   Meeting name      reception   Guests                                           provided

                            Institutional
                January                       Onsite
          1                 investigations                Guosen Securities (1 person)
                4, 2024                       interview
                            and surveys

                                                          UBS Securities, Principal Global Investors,
                January     UBS Greater                   Fullerton Fund Management, JP Morgan
                                              Onsite
          2     8 to 9,     China                         Asset Management, eQ Asset Management,
                                              interview
                2024        Conference                    Point 72, Infini Capital Management,
                                                          Blackrock, etc. (17 persons)

                                                          Zheshang Securities, Harvest Fund,
                            Institutional                 Huachuang Captive, China Asset
                January                       Onsite
          3                 investigations                Management, Starock Investment, JF
                11, 2024                      interview
                            and surveys                   SmartInvest, Taikang Funds, ZhongAn
                                                          Insurance, etc. (11 persons)

                                                          Founder Securities, Pengyang AMC, Zhong
                            Institutional
                January                       Telephone   Ou AMC, Tianhong Asset Management,               Business
          4                 investigations
                11, 2024                      interview   China Securities, CICC Fund, ICBCCS, China       highlights,
                            and surveys
                                                          Asset Management, etc. (15 persons)              operations
                                                                                                           and financial
                                                          BofA Securities, Schroders, Citadel              performance,
                            Institutional
                January                       Telephone   Investment, Pinpoint Fund, Marshall Wace,        and long-
          5                 investigations
                12, 2024                      interview   Ruitong Asset Management, Oaktree Capital        term
                            and surveys
                                                          Management (8 persons)                           strategic
                                                                                                           planning
                                                          Citibank, Abu Dhabi Investment Authority,        of the
                            Institutional                 AllianceBernstein, Mirae Asset Management,       Company.
                January                       Telephone
          6                 investigations                China Investment Corporation (CIC),
                16, 2024                      interview
                            and surveys                   Citadel International, Millennium Capital
                                                          Management, Nanshan Life (8 persons)

                                                          HSBC, Bank of China (Hong Kong), Citadel
                            Institutional
                January                       Telephone   Investment, China Investment Corporation
          7                 investigations
                22, 2024                      interview   (CIC), HSBC Jintrust Fund, Pinpoint Asset
                            and surveys
                                                          Management, Metlife China (9 persons)

                            Institutional
                January                       Telephone
          8                 investigations                Fullgoal Fund (1 person)
                30, 2024                      interview
                            and surveys

                                                          UBS Securities, CITIC Securities, CICC, Morgan
                            Presentation      Video and
                March 29,                                 Stanley, J.P. Morgan, HSBC, BofA Securities,
          9                 for 2023 Annual telephone
                2024                                      Citibank, Founder Securities (more than 800
                            Results of HTSC   interview
                                                          persons)




180
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                  Major topics
                                                                                                  discussed and
      Date of                      Way of                                                         information
No.   reception   Meeting name     reception        Guests                                        provided

                  Institutional
      April 3,                     Video
10                investigations                    Wellington (1 person)
      2024                         interview
                  and surveys

                  Institutional
      April 9,                     Onsite
11                investigations                    Cinda Securities (2 persons)

                                                                                                                           About Us
      2024                         interview
                  and surveys

                  Institutional
      April 15,
12                investigations   Teleconference GF Securities, HuaAn Funds (2 persons)
      2024
                  and surveys


                  Institutional
      April 16,                                     GF Securities, Point72, M&G, HSBC Jintrust,
13                investigations   Teleconference


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
      2024                                          Harvest Fund (5 persons)
                  and surveys




                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                  Institutional                     Hongsike Asset Management, Ningbo
      April 17,                    Onsite
14                investigations                    Zhiyuan Investment, Shenzhen Wanchuan
      2024                         interview
                  and surveys                       Fund, Fanhai Investment (8 persons)
                                                                                                  Business
                                                                                                  highlights,
                  Institutional
      April 17,                                     GF Securities, Penghua Fund, E Fund, ICBCCS   operations
15                investigations   Teleconference
      2024                                          (4 persons)                                   and financial
                  and surveys
                                                                                                  performance,




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                                                                  and long-
                  Institutional
      April 18,                                                                                   term
16                investigations   Teleconference GF Securities, Guotai Fund (2 persons)
      2024                                                                                        strategic
                  and surveys
                                                                                                  planning
                                                                                                  of the
                  Institutional
      April 19,                                     GF Securities, BOC Investment Management      Company.
17                investigations   Teleconference
      2024                                          (2 persons)
                  and surveys


                                                    GF Securities, Millennium Capital, HSBC
                  Institutional                     Life Insurance, Industrial Bank, Chasing
      May 7,



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
18                investigations   Teleconference Securities, Kaiyuan Securities, Yuekai
      2024
                  and surveys                       Securities, Manulife Fund, Rongtong Fund,
                                                    etc. (23 persons)




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                  2024 spring-
                  summer
      May 8,                       Onsite           Founder Securities, TF Asset Management,
19                strategy forum
      2024                         interview        China Life Investment, etc. (7 persons)
                  of Founder
                  Securities

                  2024 interim
                                                    Changjiang Securities, BlackRock, China
      May 9,      strategy forum   Onsite
20                                                  Universal Asset Management, etc. (8
      2024        of Changjiang    interview
                                                    persons)
                  Securities




                                                                                                                  181
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                         Major topics
                                                                                                         discussed and
                Date of                        Way of                                                    information
          No.   reception   Meeting name       reception    Guests                                       provided

                            Institutional
                May 13,                        Onsite
          21                investigations                  Zhong Ou AMC (2 persons)
                2024                           interview
                            and surveys

                            Institutional
                May 14,
          22                investigations     Teleconference BlackRock, BofA Securities (2 persons)
                2024
                            and surveys


                            Institutional
                May 17,                        Onsite
          23                investigations                  CICC (2 persons)
                2024                           interview
                            and surveys

                            Institutional
                June 4,                        Onsite
          24                investigations                  Sinolink Securities (1 person)
                2024                           interview
                            and surveys

                            Institutional
                June 5,                        Onsite
          25                investigations                  Guotai Junan (1 person)
                2024                           interview
                            and surveys                                                                  Business
                                                                                                         highlights,
                                                            CITIC Securities, Zhida Asset Management,    operations
                                                            Taofu Asset Management, Harvest Fund,        and financial
                            CITIC Securities
                June 6,                        Onsite       Zhong Ou AMC, Wealspring Asset, Caitong      performance,
          26                2024 Capital
                2024                           interview    Asset Management, Yinhua Fund, ABC-CA        and long-
                            Market Forum
                                                            Fund, Golden Nest Capital, Wanjia Asset,     term
                                                            Broad Asset (14 persons)                     strategic
                                                                                                         planning
                            Zheshang                                                                     of the
                            Securities 2024                                                              Company.
                                                            Zheshang Securities, Changjiang Asset
                            Second Quarter
                June 14,                       Onsite       Management, Zhongcai Merchants
          27                Meeting of
                2024                           interview    Investment, Hongchou Investment (4
                            Exchange on
                                                            persons)
                            Major Holdings
                            of Institutions

                            Institutional
                July 9,                        Onsite       Cinda Securities, Taikang Asset Management
          28                investigations
                2024                           interview    (4 persons)
                            and surveys

                            Institutional
                July 9,                        Telephone
          29                investigations                  J.P. Morgan (1 person)
                2024                           interview
                            and surveys

                                                            BofA Securities, APS, CIC Hong Kong,
                            Institutional
                July 15,                       Onsite       Millennium, Aberdeen plc, GSAM, Morgan
          30                investigations
                2024                           interview    Stanley Asset Management, Point72 (9
                            and surveys
                                                            persons)




182
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                               Major topics
                                                                                               discussed and
      Date of                       Way of                                                     information
No.   reception   Meeting name      reception   Guests                                         provided

                  Institutional
      July 26,                      Telephone
31                investigations                Prudential plc (1 person)
      2024                          interview
                  and surveys

                                                Morgan Stanley, UBS Securities, BofA
                                                Securities, Goldman, Guotai Junan, CLSA, GF

                                                                                                                        About Us
                  Presentation      Video and
      September                                 Securities, China Merchants Bank, Citadel
32                for 2024 Interim telephone
      2, 2024                                   Asia Limited, Greenwoods Asset, DBS, CITIC
                  Results of HTSC   interview
                                                Securities, ICBC International, etc. (more
                                                than 500 persons)


                                                Aequitas Investments IFSC Pri, Alquity
                                                Investment Management Limited, Columbia
                  The 31st CITIC
      September                     Onsite      Threadneedle Inv, Matthews Asia, Robeco


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
33                CLSA Investors’
      9, 2024                       interview   AM, Millennium Partners Group, NAN FUNG
                  Forum
                                                GROUP, TD AM, Aberdeen Group, CIC (11


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                persons)                                       Business
                                                                                               highlights,
                                                GF Securities, Brilliance Capital Management   operations
                  Institutional                 Ltd, Wealspring Asset Management, Hedao        and financial
      September                     Telephone
34                investigations                Asset Management, Ren Bridge Asset             performance,
      10, 2024                      interview
                  and surveys                   Management, HSBC Life, Orient Securities       and long-
                                                Asset Management, etc. (19 persons)            term
                                                                                               strategic




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                  Institutional                                                                planning
      September                     Onsite
35                investigations                Fullgoal Fund (1 person)                       of the
      19, 2024                      interview
                  and surveys                                                                  Company.


                  Institutional
      September                     Onsite
36                investigations                ICBCCS (1 person)
      19, 2024                      interview
                  and surveys


                  Institutional
      September                     Onsite
37                investigations                Changjiang Securities (2 persons)
      19, 2024                      interview



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                  and surveys


                  Institutional
      September                     Onsite      GF Securities, CITIC Asset Management, CCB



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
38                investigations
      20, 2024                      interview   Principal Asset Management (4 persons)
                  and surveys


                  Institutional
      September                     Onsite
39                investigations                Industrial Securities (1 person)
      24, 2024                      interview
                  and surveys




                                                                                                               183
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                 Major topics
                                                                                                                 discussed and
                Date of                        Way of                                                            information
          No.   reception   Meeting name       reception        Guests                                           provided

                                                                Founder Securities, Life Insurance, Futurus
                                                                Vessel, Taikang Asset, Orient Securities
                            Institutional
                September                                       Proprietary, Zheshang Fund, Pacific Asset
          40                investigations     Teleconference
                24, 2024                                        Management, CICC Fund, Everbright
                            and surveys
                                                                PGIM, HSBC Jintrust, Haojun Investment (12
                                                                persons)


                            UBS Asia
                            Pacific Finance,
                September                      Onsite
          41                Fintech and                         UBS Securities, CIC (2 persons)
                27, 2024                       interview
                            Real Estate
                            Company Day

                            Institutional
                October
          42                investigations     Teleconference Greenwoods Asset (2 persons)
                8, 2024
                            and surveys


                            Citi China                          Citibank, Pedder Street Investment
                November                       Onsite
          43                Investment                          Management, Turiya Advisor Asia, Citadel         Business
                5, 2024                        interview
                            Summit 2024                         International Equities (5 persons)               highlights,
                                                                                                                 operations
                                                                Sinolink Securities, Hongde Fund, Guangdong      and financial
                                                                Guangjin Investment, Shanghai Chaos              performance,
                            Institutional                       Investment, New China Fund, Cathay               and long-
                November
          44                investigations     Teleconference Securities Investment Trust, Shanghai              term
                6, 2024
                            and surveys                         Wealspring Asset Management, Heji                strategic
                                                                Investment Fund, China Asset Management,         planning
                                                                etc. (13 persons)                                of the
                                                                                                                 Company.
                            Institutional                       Guosen Securities, Dawn Petrel Asset,
                November
          45                investigations     Teleconference Shanghai Homey Asset Management (6
                6, 2024
                            and surveys                         persons)


                                                                GF Securities, Wealspring Asset, Pinpoint
                            Institutional                       Investment, Point72, China Merchants Fund,
                November
          46                investigations     Teleconference HZBANK Wealth Management, Sumitomo
                7, 2024
                            and surveys                         Mitsui Asset Management (SMAM), etc. (27
                                                                persons)


                            Institutional
                November
          47                investigations     Teleconference BofA Securities, HSBC (2 persons)
                11, 2024
                            and surveys


                            CITIC Securities                    CITIC Securities, E Fund, CLSA, China Re Asset
                November 2025 Capital          Onsite           Management, Shanghai Qingxi Industrial
          48
                13, 2024    Market Annual      interview        Development, Shenzhen Qianhai Xinuo,
                            Conference                          Point72, Dehui Investment (11 persons)




184
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                 Major topics
                                                                                                 discussed and
      Date of                      Way of                                                        information
No.   reception   Meeting name     reception     Guests                                          provided

                                                 BofA Securities, Morgan Stanley Investment
                  Institutional                  Management, AllianceBerstein, CIC Hong
      November
49                investigations   Teleconference Kong, BEA Union Investment Management,
      14, 2024
                  and surveys                    Victory Capital Management, Pinpoint Fund
                                                 (7 persons)


                                                                                                                            About Us
                  Institutional
      November
50                investigations   Teleconference Prudential plc (1 person)
      15, 2024
                  and surveys


                  Institutional
      November                     Onsite                                                        Business
51                investigations                 Fullgoal Fund (1 person)
      15, 2024                     interview                                                     highlights,
                  and surveys
                                                                                                 operations



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                                 and financial
                  Institutional
      December                     Onsite                                                        performance,
52                investigations                 Huachuang Securities (1 person)
      13, 2024                     interview                                                     and long-

                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                  and surveys
                                                                                                 term
                                                                                                 strategic
                  Institutional
      December                     Onsite                                                        planning
53                investigations                 CICC (2 persons)
      16, 2024                     interview                                                     of the
                  and surveys
                                                                                                 Company.

                  Forecast –
                  GF Securities




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                  Closed-door
                  Exchange                       HSBC Jintrust, BOSC Asset Management,
      December Meeting             Onsite        Zhong Ou AMC Company, PICC Asset,
54
      19, 2024    of Listed        interview     China Asset Management, AIA Life, Heng An
                  Companies                      Standard Life Insurance, etc. (17 persons)
                  2025 ( 預見 2025
                  廣發証券上市公
                  司閉門交流會 )




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
(VI) Corporate Cultural Construction

The Company strives to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and global



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
influence, always adheres to “high efficiency, integrity, stability and innovation”, is committed to the service
philosophy of “One Customer” internally and “One Huatai” externally, spares no effort in being accountable
to all clients, shareholders, staff and society to achieve harmony and unity. The Company continuously
strengthened the cultural characteristics of “technology empowerment, innovation and initiative”, gradually
cultivating an “open and inclusive” cultural atmosphere that is “positive and innovative” and let the
corporate spirit of “openness, inclusiveness, innovation, dedication and responsibility” be internalized within
and manifested in actions.

The Reporting Period marked a year for the Company to go further in cultural construction. In addition to
continuously practicing the cultural concept and following the Ten Elements of Cultural Construction of
the Securities Industry (《證 券 行 業 文 化 建 設 十 要 素》), the Code of Ethics for Securities Practitioners (《證 券
從業人員職業道德準則》) and other documents, the Company mainly focused on the requirements of “Five




                                                                                                                   185
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Musts and Five Don’ts (“ 五要五不 ”)” on financial culture with Chinese characteristics and made deployment
          to implement relevant work. During the Reporting Period, the Company issued the Guiding Opinions
          on Implementation of Major Decisions and Deployments of the Party Central Committee Concerning
          Acceleration of Building a Financial Powerhouse and High-Quality Development of Finance (《 貫 徹 落 實 黨
          中央關於加快金融強國建設和金融高質量發展重大決策部署的指導意見》), which provides clear guidelines for the
          Company to enhance the quality and efficiency of its financial services for the real economy, to do a good
          job in “Five Major Areas of Finance (“ 五篇大文章 ”)” and to put into practice the financial culture with Chinese
          characteristics. The Company convened a special meeting on cultural construction and considered the
          Work Progress of Huatai Securities in Doing a Good Job in “Five Major Areas of Finance” and Putting into
          Practice the Financial Culture with Chinese Characteristics (《華泰證券紮實做好 “ 五篇大文章 ”, 踐行中國特色金
          融文化的工作進展》), which further clarifies the direction for the Company to follow the relevant requirements,
          profoundly put into practice the “five musts and five don’ts” on financial culture with Chinese characteristics,
          and firmly stick to the road of developing finance with Chinese characteristics.

          The Company focused on integrating cultural construction into its operation and development, translating
          the advantages of corporate culture into the value creation strengths to serve the real economy, and
          coexisting with the economy and society to achieve common prosperity and integrated development.
          The Company organized and carried out corporate culture promotion and publicity activities through
          various effective methods and channels within and beyond the Company via online and offline manners,
          and the content publicized were highly consistent with the Company’s cultural connotations and business
          management philosophy. The Company launched publicity activities under the theme of “Carrying Forward
          Financial Culture with Chinese Characteristics” and published relevant articles in mainstream media such
          as People’s Daily Online Jiangsu Channel, China Securities Journal, Xinhua Daily, etc. Moreover, the Company
          carried out various activities such as the initiative of “Actively Cultivating and Carrying Forward Financial
          Culture with Chinese Characteristics” and series propaganda in risk culture month for all employees,
          conducted training under the theme of “Bearing in Mind Responsibility and Discipline and Setting Standards
          to Contribute to Nation Rejuvenation in the Future” ( 知責明紀立標尺強國有我啟未來 ) for young employees,
          and convened the commendation ceremony of “Shining Huatai, A Promising Future” ( 星光華泰閃耀未來 ), to
          specifically inspire and motivate employees to consciously practice the cultural concepts of the industry
          and the Company. The Company also worked to build differentiated cultural brands with innovative thinking.
          Through organizing special projects such as convening series cultural salon activities, producing open
          courses on behavioral finance, and introducing excellent cultural construction cases to the case pool of
          leading universities and colleges, the Company constantly enhanced its professional influence in various
          fields, further strengthened the cultural identity of its employees, and promoted its steady development.

          The Company always attaches importance to the feedback from internal and external. It carries out
          “Employee Reception Day” activities online and offline every month, and put in place a special post named
          “Freely Talk Inner Voices, Offer Help with Same Empathy” ( 暢 談 心 聲 共 情 同 力 ) in the special column of
          “Colleague Bar ( 同事吧 )”, an instant messaging APP online, to optimize regular interactive communication
          mechanism between the Company’s leaders and employees. Meanwhile, a sound and effective feedback
          supervision system has been established to strengthen the communication and feedback for relevant
          issues.

          The Company pays attention to the establishment and optimization of financial and non-financial reward
          measures for cultural construction, with organizations, systems, personnel, funds and platform put in place
          to foster a virtuous working mechanism led by the headquarter, cooperated by the Group and participated
          by all staff. During the Reporting Period, the Company carried out various commending activities to
          stimulate talents to be innovative and vigorous, improve their value and empower their growth; at the same
          time, the Company also adopted effective measures to encourage its staff to participate in the trainings
          in relation to culture and professional ethics, so as to help its staff develop the awareness of conscious
          protection of state’s financial safety and enhancement on social responsibility.

          In the new journey of serving high-quality development, the Company has continuously demonstrated its
          new role, new performance and new image, and constantly enhanced its cultural influence and industry
          reputation. During the Reporting Period, the Company was awarded 2024 Jinding Award of “Outstanding
          Cultural Construction Case” by National Business Daily, its “Tai Youth” Party building culture case was




186
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
selected in the “2023 Annual Report on Cultural Construction of the Securities Industry” (《2023 年證券行業文化建
設年報》), and the “Research on Prevention of Integrity Risks of Investment Banking Business and Construction
of Integrity Culture” (《投 資 銀 行 業 務 廉 潔 風 險 防 範 與 廉 潔 文 化 建 設 研 究》) launched by the Company was
awarded the First Prize of 2024 Outstanding Research Results of Ideological and Political Work and Cultural
Construction of the Financial System of China (2024 年全國金融系統思想政治工作和文化建設優秀調研成果一等獎 ).

(VII) Independence of the Auditor

According to the relevant provisions in Rule 19A.31 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, annual accounts should
be audited by a prestigious certified public accountant (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company),


                                                                                                                             About Us
who (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company) also should be independent of the Chinese issuer
to the extent that its independent procedures should be substantially the same as those specified in the
statements on independence issued in the Companies Ordinance or by the International Federation of
Accountants. According to the relevant provisions in Rule D.3.3 of the Corporate Governance Code as set
out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Audit Committee should review and monitor the
independence and objectiveness of external auditors as well as the validity of the auditing process in
accordance with applicable standards. During the Reporting Period, the Company re-appointed Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditors of A Shares and Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu as the auditors of H Shares. The Audit Committee had carried out necessary review and


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
supervision to ensure the independence between the firms and the Company.




                                                                                                                           and Strategies
(VIII) Auditor’s remuneration

For auditor’s audit service fee during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Auditors” under “Other Disclosures”
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” in this report.

During the Reporting Period, the Company and its subsidiaries employed Deloitte (including other members
within the Deloitte network) to provide non-auditing services, such as agreed procedures and advisory
service, and the fees for such non-auditing services were RMB1.8974 million.




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
(IX) During the Reporting Period, there were no changes to the Company’s
management measures for information disclosure.




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                    187
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Environmental and Social
          Responsibilities




          I. ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                         Currency: RMB


          Establishment of environmental protection-related mechanisms                                           Yes

          Investment in environmental protection funds during the Reporting Period (unit:
                                                                                                             396.98
          Ten Thousand Yuan)



          (I) The Company and its major subsidiaries are not in the list of attention units
          discharging pollutants published by the environmental protection authority

          (II) Description of the environmental protection of enterprises excluding attention
          units discharging pollutants

          1. During the Reporting Period, the Company was not subject to any administrative penalty
          arising from environmental issues

          2. Other environmental information with reference to disclosures of attention units discharging
          pollutants

          The Company is a financial company, which is not in the list of attention units discharging pollutants
          and their major subsidiaries published by the environmental protection authority. The Company entrusts
          qualified third-party organizations to conduct inspections for the wastewater, exhaust gases and noises of
          the headquarters office every year. All inspections are in line with the national standards.

          (III) Relevant information beneficial to protecting ecosystem, preventing pollution
          and performing environmental responsibilities

          The Company actively responds to the Nanjing Municipal Domestic Waste Management Regulations and
          sets waste sorting points on each floor. It publicizes the concepts and practice on waste sorting among
          staff through pasting posters on waste sorting and playing videos on waste sorting repeatedly in elevators
          to create an atmosphere of “waste sorting with all participation” and form a habit of actively sorting and
          consciously putting waste among employees. The Company disposed waste by upholding the concept of




188
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
“waste recycling and value innovation”, encouraged reuse of waste materials and entrusted qualified units
for the recycling and treatment of non-hazardous and hazardous wastes and wastewater. The Company
discharged office wastewater into the municipal sewage pipeline to be disposed of by the municipal
wastewater treatment plant, and required the property management center to clear and transport office
waste. Electronic waste, light tubes, toners, cartridges and other hazardous waste entrusted to qualified
units for recycling, disposal or reuse by the recycling party. The Company optimized the allocation of fixed
asset resources and improved the utilization rate of existing assets to avoid idle waste. The Company used
the original finishes of offices as much as possible to reduce non-necessary depletion and consumption,
and transferred idle physical assets to other units in need for use through the physical asset system, so as
to enhance the efficiency of asset utilization. During the year, a total of 1,899 equipment was transferred.

As specified in the vehicle management system by the Company, new energy vehicles shall be given priority                 About Us
when purchasing vehicles for corporate affairs and operation of the Company to practice low-carbon and
environmental operation. The underground garage of Huatai Securities Square is equipped with charging
piles for new energy vehicles to encourage employees to practice green commuting and advocate green
and environmental concepts.

The Company has established and continues to optimize its energy management system, using the
digital platform to provide targeted guidance for the commencement of energy conservation work. At



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
present, the energy management system carries out statistical analysis of the electricity consumption of
all electrical equipment in Huatai Securities Square by area, function (air-conditioners, elevators, lighting,
kitchen electricity, etc.) and time (year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter/month-on-month), automatically


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
generates statistical data charts and realizes the visualization of the trend of energy consumption, which
makes it easier to determine the peaks and valleys of electricity consumption, improve the level of energy-
saving operation and management, enhance the efficiency of management and the efficiency of energy
utilization, and effectively promote energy saving and emission reduction.

The Company promoted paperless office based on the OA system, the electronic signature platform,
intelligent business travelling and other platforms, and used environmental-friendly paper for business card
production and report printing. The Company actively advanced online procurement, with multiple systems




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
for procurement, contract and payment operating in parallel to fully realize the whole process of online and
standardized procurement of office supplies and promotional items, significantly reducing the use of paper
materials in the whole process.

(IV) Measures adopted for reducing its carbon emission during the Reporting Period
and their effects

Adoption of carbon reduction measures                                                                     Yes

Reduction of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions (unit: tons)                                           56.46




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Type of carbon reduction measures (e.g. use of clean energy for power
                                                                              Use of clean energy for power
generation, use of carbon reduction technologies in the production
                                                                           generation and carbon reduction
process, R&D and production of new products that help reduce carbon
                                                                               technologies in data centers



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
emissions, etc.)




                                                                                                                 189
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Detailed description


          Principal methods          Specific measures

                                     • Reduced carbon emissions of office areas through various measures such
                                     as sunlight induced lighting device system, air-conditioning ice storage air
                                     system, underfloor air distribution system and intelligent lighting control in the
          Adopting clean energy      office areas.

                                     • Headquarters of the Company are equipped with photovoltaic power
                                     generation systems, generating 89,841 kWh of electricity in 2024 with
                                     photovoltaic power generation systems.

                                     • Optimized and upgraded the energy management system, regularly
                                     analyzed the energy consumption and enhanced the control over energy
                                     consumption.

                                     • Continuously promoted energy-saving renovation. Certain precision air
                                     conditioners with significant cooling capacity decline have been modified
                                     by frequency conversion and fans installation, reducing energy consumption
                                     by approximately 22%. For some overheated areas, renovation was made to
                                     their return airflow to optimize the return airflow and improve the efficiency of
                                     cooling capacity utilization.

          Promoting energy          • The air conditioning system used ice storage cold air, the underfloor air
          conservation and emission distribution system and other technologies, which gave full play to the energy
          reduction                 conservation efficiency of low-temperature air distribution.

                                     • Universally applied low-energy LED lighting in office lighting to achieve
                                     significant savings in electricity consumption for daily office lighting.

                                     • Used video meeting systems to reduce the number of on-site meetings and
                                     carbon emissions from business travel.

                                     • Practiced the concept of garden office, expanded the area of greenery
                                     planting, adopted new construction materials and followed the concept of
                                     green, novelty and environmental protection.

                                     • Carried out asset allocation, recycled office supplies such as computers.

                                     • Formulated relevant documents such as the Administrative Rules for Motor
                                     Vehicles and gave priority to purchasing new energy vehicles.
          Advocating green travel    • Installed new energy charging piles for new energy vehicles and electric
                                     vehicles in underground garages of office parks to encourage green modes of
                                     travel.

                                     • Built a low-carbon data center through measures such as improving the heat
                                     dissipation efficiency of equipment and renovating air-conditioning rooms for
                                     light and heat insulation.

                                     • With the goal of creating a green data center, Huatai Securities Square Data
          Green data center
                                     Center continued to take various measures to improve energy efficiency from
                                     pre-construction to post-operation.

                                     • In terms of resource deployment, the Company continued to promote cloud-
                                     based business, with approximately 440 physical servers offloaded in 2024.




190
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Principal methods            Specific measures

                             • Huatai Securities Square received the LEED-NC Gold Certification issued
                             by the United States Green Building Council (USGBC), demonstrating the
                             recognition for its resource and energy use efficiency.
Green office buildings       • In 2024, the Company actively and consistently implemented energy
                             saving and emission reduction policies, and constructed a new R&D center in
                             accordance with the criteria for China Green Building Three Stars and sponge
                             city, whose comprehensive energy-conservation building standard is ≥65%.


                                                                                                                             About Us
                        • Established and improved emergency management measures, implemented
Strengthening emergence a 24-hour duty and accident information reporting system for security
management              personnel, and purchased emergency equipment to effectively minimize the
                        impact of extreme weather on company operations.




II. SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES
The Company is a financial company in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London. While disclosing its 2024 Annual                    Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Report, the Company will also disclose the 2024 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities
Co., Ltd., which will be published on the website of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of HKEX (www.
hkexnews.hk), the website of LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com) and the website of the Company (www.
htsc.com.cn) on March 29, 2025.




     In 2024, in the ESG rating of Morgan Stanley
                                                                               AAA
                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                    Rating
     Capital International (MSCI), the MSCI ESG
     rating of the Company rose from AA to AAA,
                                                                 The highest rating in the global
     realizing upgrades for two consecutive years
                                                                 investment banking industry
     and achieving the highest rating in the global
     investment banking industry.




                                                                                                    Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
External donations, public welfare projects              Number/Content        Description

                                                                               Total investment in public
Total investment (Ten Thousand Yuan)                                1,553.41   welfare and charity projects of



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
                                                                               the Company

                                                                               Total investment in public
   Of which: Funds (Ten Thousand Yuan)                              1,553.41   welfare and charity projects of
                                                                               the Company

             Material equivalent (Ten Thousand Yuan)                      –    –

                                                                               Please refer to the description
Number of persons benefited (people)                                      –
                                                                               below this table




                                                                                                                    191
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Description: The Company deeply cultivates the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Yangtze River”
          ecological conservation program, and continuously carried out biodiversity protection, with approximately
          7,000 persons benefited from the program. Through the “Streamlet Action – ‘One Yangtze River’ Subsidy
          Scheme on Environmental Protection Activities for College Students”, the “Little Step” Support Program for
          Young Movers under the “One Yangtze River” and the Research and Improvement Workshop of Talents for
          Sustainable Development under the “One Yangtze River”, the Company built a targeted cultivation system
          for the growth of talents at various stages in the environmental protection and public welfare industries, with
          approximately 300 persons benefited. The Company gathered more partners to contribute to the diversified
          driving force for sustainable development through the Huatai Foundation. In 2024, the Huatai Foundation
          participated in the evaluation of social organizations in Jiangsu Province for the first time, and was awarded
          the highest rating of 5A.


          (I) Strengthening ESG Governance to Improve System Efficiency

          1. Deepening ESG Concepts

          With the goal of becoming a “leader in sustainable development in the securities industry”, the Company
          made concrete efforts in the “Five Major Areas of Finance” ( 五篇大文章 ) of financial work by deeply integrating
          ESG concept into its strategy, operation management and business practices, actively built a sustainable
          governance system, strengthened its ESG governance capability, and continuously promoted the process
          of its own sustainable development.




          The Company always places
          its customers at the center and
          strives to create value for its                       Trust of
          customers, so as to win their                        Customers
                                                                                               The Company values people that
          trust with high-quality financial
                                                                                               are both talented and morally
          services.
                                                                                               respectable, for whom it has
                                                                                               built a systematic and all-round
                                                                                               career development platform
                                                             Responsibility                    and fostered an optimistic

                                           Satisfaction of     Principles      Pride of        corporate culture, so as to
                                                                                               achieve common growth with its
                                           Shareholders        of Huatai      Employees
                                                                                               employees.
                                                               Securities




          The Company standardizes its                         Respect of                      The Company values the
          corporate governance structure                        Society                        harmonious development
          and attaches great importance                                                        of the financial system and
          to risk management and                                                               the society, gives full play to
          compliant operation, aiming to                                                       its professional strengths to
          achieve a stable increase in asset                                                   facilitate social advances. It
          value and ensure sustainable                                                         also ac tively partic ipates in
          returns to its shareholders.                                                         social welfare promotion and
                                                                                               green development, fulfilling its
                                                                                               responsibilities as a corporate
                                                                                               citizen.




192
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
2. ESG Management Structure

The Company has integrated ESG factors into its development strategy, set up an ESG Committee under
the direct leadership and management of the Board of Directors and senior management of the Company,
continued to optimize its ESG management structure, constructed a highly efficient and collaborative
ESG management mechanism with the linkage between upper and lower levels, and comprehensively
enhanced the systematicness and effectiveness of its ESG management. The Company established a
professional ESG management team under the ESG Committee and arranged ESG working officers in
relevant departments of the headquarters and in subsidiaries to perform the prescribed duties, thereby
forming an ESG management system with clear division, clear responsibilities and efficient operations to

                                                                                                                           About Us
ensure the solid promotion and effective implementation of ESG works.



ESG Management Structure of Huatai
Securities

Supervision level                                                       Board of
· Fully supervise ESG-related affairs                                   Directors


                                                                     Senior                                             Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Management level                                                   management
· Formulate ESG strategies for the Company
· Evaluate the importance of ESG-
related affairs which will be taken into                     ESG Committee
                                                 (with the CEO serving as the chairman and the
consideration in business operations            Secretary to the Board as the deputy-chairman)
·Supervise the implementation and
progress of ESG strategies
                                         Permanent members                      Professional
· Identify ESG-related




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                         (persons-in-charge of relevant
                                                                                  members
opportunities and risks                   departments  and  subsidiaries)


                                                          ESG Management Team
Execution level                     Fixed Income Department    Huatai United
                                                               Securities           Persons-in-charge of other
· Actual implementation             Research Institute
                                                               Huatai Asset         relevant departments and
                                    Human Resources                                 subsidiaries and backbone
of ESG-related work                                            Management
                                    Department
                                                               Huatai               members with expertise
                                    Risk Management                                 knowledge and professional
                                                               International
                                    Department                                      capabilities in ESG
                                                               Huatai Purple
                                    Strategy and Development   Gold Investment
                                    Department




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
3. ESG Management Systems

The Company continued to improve its ESG management system and made commitments in terms of



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
safeguarding employees’ rights and interests, improvement of employee ethics, supplier management,
data and information protection, and responsible investment, etc. In 2024, with reference to relevant
national environmental protection laws and regulations, the Company compiled and issued the Sustainable
Investment and Financing Policy for Environment-Sensitive Industries of the Company (《 公 司 環 境 敏 感 型
行 業 可 持 續 發 展 投 融 資 理 念 》), which elaborates the Company’s principles of sustainable investment and
financing in environment-sensitive industries, such as agriculture, forestry and mining, and fully reflects the
Company’s concrete actions to integrate the ESG concept into its investment and financing business. As of
the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had totally issued 9 statements and announcements relating
to ESG, for details of which, please refer to the “Sustainability – Statements and Announcements” column in
the official website of Huatai Securities.




                                                                                                                  193
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Building a Modernized Governance System to Ensure Long-term Stable
          Development

          In strict compliance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations such as the Company Law of the
          People’s Republic of China, the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Rules for Corporate
          Governance of Listed Companies, the Company has established a structure of modern enterprise
          organization and an operation mechanism with the General Meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
          Committee and the senior management. The Rules of Procedures for General Meetings, the Rules of
          Procedures for the Board of Directors, the Rules of Procedures for the Supervisory Committee and the
          Terms of Reference of the CEO and the Executive Committee were developed and improved. It follows the
          principles of independent operation, effective checks and balances, mutual cooperation and coordinated
          operation of various governance bodies and improves the operation mechanism of the Meetings and the
          management to improve its corporate governance efficiency.

          In strict compliance with the Administrative Measures for Information Disclosure of Listed Companies (《上市
          公司信息披露管理辦法》) issued by the CSRC and other relevant legal norms and requirements, the Company
          continuously improved its information disclosure policies and systems. To regulate information disclosure
          practices, and ensure the legality and compliance of all aspects of its information disclosure processes,
          the Board of Directors has formulated and improved a series of systems and management methods, such
          as the Management Measures for Information Disclosure and the System regarding Insider Registration
          and Management and Confidentiality, so as to disclose all information in a truthful, accurate, complete
          and timely manner, and to ensure that all shareholders have equal access to relevant information of the
          Company.

          By fully implementing the new guideline on strengthening regulation, forestalling risks and promoting the
          high-quality development of the capital market ( 新 “ 國九條 ”) and the “1+N” policy requirements of the capital
          market, the Company continuously improves its compliance policies and systems and strictly controls
          risks across all areas. In 2024, in accordance with the latest laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements,
          the Company further refined its compliance framework. It developed and improved internal rules and
          regulations in various domains, including comprehensive compliance management, OTC derivatives, proxy
          sale of financial products, anti-money laundering, management and control of programmed transactions,
          and legal proceedings. These efforts ensure that all types of business would be “well operated” with risks
          “visible and controllable”.

          The suppliers of Company mainly include those related to IT hardware, IT software, products for project
          construction, comprehensive materials, products for Internet marketing and promotion, information
          products and relevant services. The Company strictly complies with the laws and regulations such as
          the Tendering and Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中 華 人 民 共 和 國 招 標 投 標 法》) and the
          Government Procurement Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中 華 人 民 共 和 國 政 府 採 購 法》), and has
          formulated rules and policies such as the Procurement Management Measures of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
          and the Code of Conduct on Suppliers of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., which put forward clear requirements
          for suppliers in terms of compliance and ethics standards, anti-corruption, environmental protection and
          employees’ interests. It improves the management policies and systems of the supply chain to regularize
          and standardize the procurement process.

          The Company complied with various requirements on financial marketing publicity and product
          advertisement stipulated by the Advertisement Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國廣告
          法》), the Notice on Further Standardizing Financial Marketing Publicity (《關於進一步規範金融營銷宣傳行為的
          通知》), the Measures for Supervision and Administration of the Sales Organizations of Securities Investment
          Funds in Public Offering (《公開募集證券投資基金銷售機構監督管理辦法》) and the Interim Regulations on the
          Administration of Publicity and Referral Materials of Securities Investment Funds in Public Offering (《公開募
          集證券投資基金宣傳推介材料管理暫行規定》), and formulated and implemented the Administrative Measures
          for Marketing Publicity Activities (《規範營銷宣傳管理辦法》) and the Administrative Measures for Proxy Sale
          of Financial Products (《 金 融 產 品 代 銷 管 理 辦 法 》). The company consistently adheres to a rigorous and
          compliant approach, striving to deliver the highest quality and most authentic service experience to its
          clients. It strictly manages marketing and referral materials and activities from marketing staff, and specifies




194
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
the standard of publicity materials from preparation, review and use, as well as the special requirements
on the code of conduct on marketing and publicity marketing of financial products. The Company has
established diversified information channels, including the “Publicity and Information Disclosure” column
and the “ZhangLe Fortune Path”. It continues to refine its internal control systems for financial product
advertising and marketing management, strengthening internal supervision and risk prevention.

(III) Implementing Responsible Finance to Hold the Bottom Line of Risk Prevention
and Control

The Company strengthened ESG risk management construction, formulated and implemented the

                                                                                                                           About Us
evaluation system of ESG due diligence system for clients. The Guidelines for Due Diligence on Clients’
Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG) (the “Clients’ ESG Due Diligence Guidelines”) set up
evaluation indicators and scoring rules with operability on environmental, social and governance aspects,
specified the identification, tracking and escalation mechanism for clients’ ESG risks in financing, private
equity investment and investment banking businesses, effectively identified, analyzed and managed
possible ESG risks of clients and prevented the conversion of clients’ ESG risks into the credit risk of the
Company.

The Company continued to improve technology on ESG risk and optimize the ESG key functional module


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
of the CAMS system. As a supplement to traditional credit analysis, relevant ESG factors have been
incorporated into the CAMS credit analysis framework. Through a combination of big data, natural language



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
processing (NLP) technologies, big models and manual rules, the Company established a multi-dimensional
alarming system covering public opinions, announcements and self-constructed special data. The CAMS
system has established a linkage mechanism with negative ESG-related public opinions and credit
qualification scores. The triggering of ESG alarming signals will affect the entity credit qualification scores
and further affect the investment access decision based on scores.

The Company has integrated the ESG concept into its long-term development strategy, and actively
promotes the in-depth integration of ESG and the principles of responsible investment to facilitate the
orderly development of the Company’s sustainable investment and financing business. Based on the




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Responsible Investment Statement of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (2021 Revision), the Company further
optimized the organizational structure and management system of responsible investment. In the
process of investment, the Company has included ESG factors in screening on investment targets,
analysis of the investment and research team, approval and decision-making of the investment decision-
making committee and continuously improved the investment decision-making mechanism with ESG
considerations integrated. The Company clearly requires relevant business units to incorporate ESG factors
into the full process of group-wide equity investment business, fixed-income investment business, private
equity investment and equity investment in alternative investment business. It includes three important
factors, namely environmental responsibility, social responsibility and corporate governance, as restrictive
indexes, into regular investment decision-making, comprehensively practicing the philosophy of responsible




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
investment.

(IV) Innovating Green Finance to Strengthen Layout for Sustainable Development



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
The Company focused on serving the national “dual carbon” goal and made great efforts in green finance
by supporting new energy enterprises to go public, innovating green financial services and contributing to
the green transformation of the economy. The Company focused on giving full play to its comprehensive
service capabilities in investment banking, investment trading, product creation and risk management,
actively responding to the green financial needs of real enterprises.

The Company continued to facilitate green bond business to support the development of green industrial
projects. In 2024, Huatai United Securities served 5 new energy, energy conservation and environmental
protection related enterprises to complete equity financing, with the green equity underwriting scale
reaching RMB4.048 billion; successfully issued of 59 green bonds, with an underwriting scale of RMB15.698
billion, making Huatai United Securities the vanguard and main force of green bond underwriting and
issuance in China. Huatai Asset Management deeply tapped into “Carbon Neutrality” and green asset




                                                                                                                  195
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          securitization. In terms of servicing green finance, it has issued a total of 7 products, with a scale of over
          RMB8.0 billion.

          The Company actively participated in the establishment and development of national and regional carbon
          markets, building carbon financial products and trading service systems for both domestic and international
          markets, to enhance carbon market liquidity and efficiency and strongly support the green and high-quality
          development of the real economy. In 2024, the Company engaged in trading of carbon emission allowances
          and China Certified Emission Reduction (CCER) in regional carbon markets in Guangdong, Shanghai, Beijing,
          Shenzhen, Hubei and etc. In 2024, the Company was awarded the 2023 “Carbon Finance Practice Award”
          by Shanghai Environment and Energy Exchange and the “Market Pioneer Award” by Hubei Carbon Emission
          Exchange, evidencing the Company’s positive contribution to the expansion of carbon finance business as
          well as the deepening and improvement of China’s carbon market.

          (V) Holding Firm to Product Responsibility and Enhancing Quality Assurance

          The Company enhanced its innovation-driven development, strengthened the application of digital
          technology in financial area, promoted the organic integration of business philosophy and digital
          transformation, and improved the digital transformation measurement system. The Company placed
          technological empowerment as its core competitiveness. Based on the strategy of “Digital China”, the
          Company firmly followed the path of platform development, deepened the supportive role of technology
          to business development, actively embraced cutting-edge technology, and continuously released the
          integrated value of “business + technology”. In 2024, the Company’s “CAMS Intelligent Credit Investment and
          Research Platform leveraging Big Data (CAMS 大數據智能信用投研平台 )” and “Jianfu ( 簡富 )”, an investment
          banking digital due diligence workstation, were both awarded the Second Prize in the 2023 Financial
          Technology Development Award by the People’s Bank of China.

          Adhering to the customer-oriented approach, the Company deepened the “two-pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 ) strategy,
          promoted the organizational upgrading of “One Customer” internally and “One Huatai” externally, and
          built up a sound customer service system with full business chain. Meanwhile, the Company actively
          implemented relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities for investor protection and investor
          education, innovated the operation model of investor education services, and continuously carried out
          investor education content and event promotion with classified and stratified refined services, so as to
          establish an investor education service system with wide coverage and strong support. In 2024, Huatai
          Securities Nanjing National Investor Education Base was awarded “Excellent” rating by the CSRC for the
          year 2023-2024. The Company’s investor education services received an A grade in the investor education
          evaluation assessment of brokerage firms organized by the SAC, the SSE, the SZSE and the NEEQ.

          The Company has always attached great importance to data information security and customer privacy
          protection, strictly abided by the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國數據
          安全法》), the Personal Information Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國個人信
          息保護法》), the Measures for the Administration of Cybersecurity and Information Security in the Securities
          and Futures Industries (《證券期貨業網絡和信息安全管理辦法》) and other laws, regulations and regulatory
          requirements, and issued the Statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Data and Information Protection
          (《华泰证券股份有限公司數據及信息保護聲明》). The Company has built a more robust information security and
          privacy protection mechanism by strengthening data governance, privacy protection and cybersecurity
          prevention and control, and transaction security protection, etc.

          (VI) Empowering the Growth of Employees to Jointly Construct a Community of
          Shared Future

          The Company strictly abides by relevant national laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People’s
          Republic of China (《中華人民共和國勞動法》), the Labor Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中
          華人民共和國勞動合同法》), the Employment Promotion Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共
          和國就業促進法》) and other laws and regulations, provides equal employment opportunities to employees,
          resolutely opposes employment discrimination, and ensures that employees’ employment and career
          development are not affected by any factors such as race, faith, gender, religion, nationality, ethnicity, age,




196
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
marital status and social status. The Company focuses on talent development strategy, adheres to the
recruitment principles of openness and equality, scientific selection, and moral integrity, and introduces
diversified talents through campus recruitment, social recruitment, internal recruitment, and other flexible
and diverse recruitment methods to enhance the depth of talents.

The Company attaches great importance to the growth and development of employees. It has established
a cultivation and development system covering the whole life cycle of employee growth and launched
the cultivation programs of “Seaworthiness Program – Sailing Program – Voyage Program – Pilot Program”
matching the corresponding development system. It also had a growth path covering “newcomer –
business backbone – composite elite – management generalist” to meet the development needs of talents


                                                                                                                          About Us
at different stages. The Company continued to build the HTalent talent development system with the ability
of cultivating international investment bankers, adding value to customers and digital transformation,
strengthened the Group’s integrated management both at home and abroad, and comprehensively
upgraded employee training system. Based on the “HTalent Talent Training and Development System”, a
talent training system which can cover the entire career path of an employee across the whole business
chain, the Company integrates the training resources for the professional competence of each business
both at home and abroad, and provides employees with an internal talent development system and growth
path that is consistent with the Group’s concepts and synergistic with its methodology, empowering the
growth of whole career general capacity of employees.

(VII) Fulfilling Social Responsibilities and Deepening Engagement in Public Welfare                                    Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Initiatives

1. Assisting in ecological protection

The Company actively responds to the requirements of the China National Biodiversity Conservation
Strategy and Action Plan (2023-2030) (《中國生物多樣性保護戰略與行動計劃（2023-2030 年）》) issued by the
Ministry of Ecology and Environment, taking the initiative to serve the national strategy of “Comprehensive
Protection of Yangtze River” and the policy initiative of deepening “Collaboration between the Eastern and




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
the Western Regions”. Taking advantage of the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Yangtze River”
ecological environment protection program, it carried out work in relation to biodiversity conservation,
committed to protecting the biodiversity of the Yangtze River Basin. Over the past six years, the project has
extended its main coverage from the source of the Yangtze River to the middle and lower reaches of the
river, and its content has been extended from key species protection and community development to a
wider range of areas such as youth talent development and public education.

In 2022, the “Independent Commitments by Non-State Actors” of the Company with the theme of “One
Yangtze River One World” was officially included in the database of the United Nations Convention on
Biological Diversity (CBD) “Action Agenda”. Over the past two years, the Company has actively joined
hands with various parties to carry out biodiversity protection, responded to the “Kunming-Montreal




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Global Biodiversity Framework” (《昆明－蒙特利爾全球生物多樣性框架》) reached at the 15th meeting of the
UN Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD COP15) and led employees,
customers, partners, the public and other groups to widely understand and participate in the protection of
biodiversity to facilitate the progress of biodiversity as a main stream.



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
2. Promoting educational equity

Since its establishment in 2016, the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education
program of the Company has aimed to drive the comprehensive development of children in need and
promote educational equity, covering rural schools and children in need in Qinghai, Yunnan, Hubei, Anhui,
Jiangsu and other places. The program has been dedicated to improving the mental health and overall
quality of left-behind children, mobilizing the efforts of various parties to improve the living conditions of
children in need, through quality education, family care, volunteer services and other diversified public
welfare models, helping healthy growth of left-behind children. As of the end of 2024, the program has
benefited 146,116 children, 13,990 teachers, and has brought in 165,702 donations amounting to RMB3.2720
million for assisting a total of 1,355 children in financial difficulties.




                                                                                                                 197
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VIII) Responding to Climate Change and Building a Robust Management System

          The Company has been responding to the challenges and opportunities brought by climate change
          and has been attaching great importance to the management of climate risks. In 2024 Corporate
          Social Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., with reference to the requirements under
          the Implementation Guidance for Climate Disclosures under ESG Framework issued by HKEX and the
          International Financial Reporting Sustainability Disclosure Standards 2 – Climate-related Disclosures (IFRS
          S2) issued by the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB), and the recommendation framework of
          the former Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD), the Company identified, analyzed and
          took responding measures for climate risks and opportunities related to its operations, including climate-
          related risk management, strategy, risk management, metrics and targets and potential financial impact
          analysis, so as to ensure the effective and orderly implementation of climate-related actions.

          Summary of climate-related disclosures by TCFD

                        • The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for comprehensively
                        supervising climate risk
                        Taking in charge of the overall supervision of ESG matters including
                        climate change topics, including supervising, directing and reviewing
                        climate change-related management approaches, policies, strategies,
                        objectives, action plans, risks and opportunities and other major decisions
                        and their implementation;
                        Assuming overall responsibility for the Company’s climate risk
                        management, regularly reviewing climate risk management strategies,
                        objectives, risks and opportunities, action plans and other major decisions
                        and paying particular attention to resolutions on climate change.
                     • The ESG Committee is the decision-making and deliberative body for ESG
                     work
                     Responsible for formulating and reviewing strategies, goals and other
                     major decisions related to environmental protection, climate change and
                     other sustainable development;
                     Responsible for determining the importance of climate change issues,
                     and identifying risks and opportunities of climate;                              P15-18, P63-
                     Responsible for the construction and management of climate-related               69 of 2024
                     mechanism, and coordination of the overall implementation of climate             Corporate Social
          Governance change strategies.                                                               Responsibility
                     • The ESG management team is accountable to the ESG Committee and                Report of Huatai
                     responsible for the implementation and promotion of environmental and
                                                                                                      Securities Co.,
                     climate change-related policies
                                                                                                      Ltd.
                     The implementation of climate risk management strategy, statistics of
                     energy and resource consumption, and the accounting of greenhouse
                     gas emissions.
                        • All business departments and subsidiaries jointly promote the
                        implementation of climate change actions
                        Explicitly responsible for the specific implementation of the work related
                        to climate change issues, so as to ensure the solid progress and effective
                        implementation of the work on climate change actions.
                        • The Company exercises the voting right externally and states its concerns
                        about resolutions on climate change, including but not limited to carbon
                        neutrality goals, actions on carbon emission reduction and response to
                        climate-related substantial and transformation risks
                        Approving relevant resolutions in principle and incorporating relevant
                        regulatory policies on climate change, relevant systems of the Company
                        on climate change, the impacts of climate change risks on the operation
                        and finance of the Company as well as the measures of the Company on
                        identifying and responding to risks into consideration.




198
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
              • Carrying out the identification, evaluation and analysis of climate- P63-69 of 2024
              related risks and opportunities                                        Corporate Social
              • Determining the climate-related risks and opportunities which are Responsibility
Strategy
              material for the Company’s business and operations                  Report of Huatai
              • Gradually improving the top-level design for managing climate risks Securities Co.,
              and opportunities                                                     Ltd.

           • Based on its business and strategy, and combined with expert               P63-69 of 2024
           opinions, the Company evaluates climate-related risks and
                                                                                        Corporate Social
           opportunities. Moreover, the Company constructs a climate-related
                                                                                                                    About Us
Risk                                                                                    Responsibility
           risk and opportunity matrix based on the assessment results and
management                                                                              Report of Huatai
           identifies the materiality of the risks and opportunities based on their
           probability and degree of impact, while also improves the mechanism          Securities Co.,
           for climate-related risks and opportunities on an on-going basis             Ltd.

              • As a financial enterprise, the Company consumes energy and
              discharges carbon mainly for daily office work in the course of
              operations, involving energy such as electricity, natural gas, petrol
              used for company owned vehicles and diesel used for diesel


                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
              generators
              Implementing various energy conservation and emission reduction           P63-69, P70-73,
              measures such as adopting renewable energy sources, promoting             P121-123 of 2024

                                                                                                                  and Strategies
              recycling, reducing paper consumption and advocating green and low-       Corporate Social
Metrics and   carbon travel, so as to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions.
                                                                             Responsibility
targets
              • The Company conducts statistics and analysis of total carbon Report of Huatai
              emissions and energy consumption and intensity to assess the Securities Co.,
              management on climate change issue and accordingly formulate
                                                                             Ltd.
              improvement scheme to promote energy conservation and emission
              reduction




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
              With taking 2021 as the base year, the Company has set carbon emission
              and energy management targets, and will track and report on the
              progress of such targets on an annual basis.




                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                           199
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          III. DETAILS ON CONSOLIDATION AND EXPANSION OF THE RESULTS OF
          POVERTY ALLEVIATION, RURAL REVITALIZATION AND OTHER WORK
                                                                                                              Currency: RMB


                                                                    Number/
          Poverty alleviation and rural revitalization project       Content     Description

                                                                                  Total investment in poverty
          Total investment (Ten Thousand Yuan)                        1,297.98    alleviation and rural revitalization
                                                                                  projects

                                                                                  Total investment in poverty
            Of which: Funds (Ten Thousand Yuan)                       1,297.98    alleviation and rural revitalization
                                                                                  projects

                     Material equivalent (Ten Thousand Yuan)                –     –

                                                                                  Accumulative number of
                                                                                  beneficiaries under rural
          Number of persons benefited (people)                         160,106    education programs such as “One
                                                                                  Commonweal Heart of Huatai One
                                                                                  Tomorrow”

                                                                                  Supporting industrial development
                                                                                  at the support targets, supporting
                                                                                  the construction of factories for
                                                                                  local agriculture, establishing
                                                                 Industrial
                                                                                  agricultural risk coverage, and
                                                                 alleviation,
                                                                                  continuously serving rural livelihood
          Forms of poverty alleviation (such as                  employment
                                                                                  foundation; continuously carrying
          industrialalleviation, employment alleviation,         alleviation,
                                                                                  out the “One Tomorrow” rural
          education alleviation, etc.)                           education
                                                                                  education program; implementing
                                                                 alleviation,
                                                                                  a consumption assistance
                                                                 etc.
                                                                                  program, and proactively
                                                                                  purchasing consumption
                                                                                  assistance products of the support
                                                                                  targets




200
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
The Company takes serving rural revitalization as a major development task and a major people’s livelihood
task, and fully integrates the Group’s advantageous resources to orderly advance the five key areas of rural
revitalization, including industry, talent, culture, ecology and organization, in order to serve the national goal
of building a strong agricultural country. In terms of organizational coverage, the Company established a
robust organizational mechanism for rural revitalization, where major leaders personally carried on research,
subordinate leaders gave specific guidance, and specially-assigned personnel of functional departments
took charge. The Company insisted on the selection of young backbone staff with good political quality,
strong working ability, commitment and responsibility as the assistance team members and serving as the
“first secretary” in the village, contributing strong momentum to rural development. In terms of consumption
assistance, the Company and its subsidiaries actively purchased and sold agricultural and sideline products

                                                                                                                              About Us
from poverty-stricken areas and other underdeveloped areas, with a cumulative purchase amount of
RMB9,231,400. In addition, the Company continuously deepened the construction of long-term support
projects in Nangqian County, Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province, provided substantial
support for the development of healthcare industry in Tibetan areas, renovated and upgraded the dialysis
ward of Nangqian County People’s Hospital, and built Children’s Homes at local schools, to provide material
aid and nature education support for children in difficulty.

In six places of five provinces, including Suqian in Jiangsu Province, Jinzhai and Yuexi in Anhui Province, Enshi
in Hubei Province, Lancang in Yunnan Province and Yushu in Qinghai Province, the Company carried out the


                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
“One Tomorrow” rural education program in a deep-going way, conducted voluntary services and public
welfare activities for visiting children in need. The program provides targeted voluntary services for left-


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
behind children and teachers, in conjunction with the characteristics and differentiated needs of various
schools. By integrating resources from multiple parties, the program invites experts in psychology, education,
sociology, intangible culture and ecology to contribute professional strengths to rural education. In addition,
the Company set up dream centers in schools that meet the hardware and software conditions to help
the growth of left-behind children. Since 2018, the Company has launched seven consecutive sponsorship
programs for children in need, raising funds for children in schools sponsored by the “One Commonweal
Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education program in Yushu of Qinghai, Enshi of Hubei, Jinzhai and
Yuexi of Anhui, Suqian of Jiangsu, and other places.




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                     201
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Major Events




          I. PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS
          Undertakings of de facto controllers, Shareholders, related parties, purchasers
          of the Company, the Company and other undertaking-related parties made or
          remained effective during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                               Strictly
                                                                                                    Any                        performed
          Background                                                                                deadline for               in a timely
          of            Type of     Undertaking                                    Date of          performance Duration of    manner or
          undertaking   undertaking party       Content of undertaking             undertaking      or not       undertaking   not

                                                 Guoxin Group and its
                                                 subsidiaries or associated
                                                 companies shall not engage in
                                                 or conduct any business which
                                                 may compete with the primary
                                                 business of Huatai Securities
                                                 in any way (including but not
          Other                                  limited to self-operated, joint-
          undertakings                           ventured or associated) at
          made to      To solve                  any time in the future (except
                                     Guoxin
          minority     horizontal                for Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.). For June 27, 2014   No          Long term      Yes
                                     Group
          Shareholders competition               any opportunities to conduct,
          of the                                 engage in or invest in any
          Company                                business that may compete with
                                                 the business of Huatai Securities
                                                 available to Guoxin Group and
                                                 its subsidiaries or associated
                                                 companies, Guoxin Group will
                                                 give such opportunities to
                                                 Huatai Securities (except for
                                                 Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.).




          II. THERE WAS NO NON-OPERATING MISAPPROPRIATION OF FUNDS
          OF THE COMPANY BY ANY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND
          OTHER RELATED PARTIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD




202
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
III. THE COMPANY HAD NO GUARANTEES IN VIOLATION OF REGULATIONS
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

IV. STANDARD UNQUALIFIED OPINION AUDIT REPORT WAS PREPARED
BY THE ACCOUNTING FIRM OF THE COMPANY

V. ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION FROM THE COMPANY ON THE REASONS
AND IMPACT OF THE CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND                                                                             About Us

ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES OR CORRECTION OF MAJOR ACCOUNTING
ERRORS

(I) Analysis and explanation from the Company on the reasons and impact of the
change of accounting policies and accounting estimates

                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
For the change of accounting policies and accounting estimates during the Reporting Period, please refer
to “Annual Financial Report”“Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements”“2 Material accounting policy

                                                                                                                              and Strategies
information” in this report.


(II) The Company made no correction of major accounting errors


VI. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRM




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                               Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                    Currently employed

                                                                                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Name of the domestic accounting firm
                                                                              Certified Public Accountants LLP

Remuneration of the domestic accounting firm                                                                    318

Audit duration of the domestic accounting firm                                                             3 years

Name of certified public accountants of the domestic accounting firm                        Hu Xiaojun, Han Jian




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Continued duration of auditing services by certified public accountants of
                                                                                                           3 years
the domestic accounting firm

Name of the overseas accounting firm                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu



                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Remuneration of the overseas accounting firm                                                                    138

Audit duration of the overseas accounting firm                                                             3 years


                                                     Name                              Remuneration

Accounting firm for the auditing of    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu              Please refer to the description
internal controls                      Certified Public Accountants LLP      below this table




                                                                                                                       203
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Description of appointment and removal of accounting firm

          During the Report Period, upon consideration and approval at the Company’s 2024 Annual General Meeting,
          the Company continued employing Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the
          audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2024 annual financial statements
          and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and
          employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H
          Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control audit
          fee was RMB0.40 million).



          VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RISKS OF SUSPENSION OF LISTING,
          TERMINATION OF LISTING, BANKRUPTCY AND RESTRUCTURING


          VIII. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

          During the Reporting Period, there were no material litigation and arbitration of the Company with amount
          involving more than RMB10 million and accounting for more than 10% of the absolute value of the audited
          net assets of the Company for the latest period, which are required to be disclosed by the Rules Governing
          the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. As of the end of the Reporting Period, litigations and
          arbitrations of the Company that had been disclosed and had progress are as follows:

          1. Securities investment fund transaction dispute among the Company and Zhaoxin Company,
          etc.

          In March 2024, the Company received a lawsuit document from Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court.
          According to the lawsuit, Zhejiang Zhaoxin Investment Management Co. Ltd. ( 浙 江 兆 信 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 )
          (“Zhaoxin Company”) suffered losses from its investment with a private fund product managed by it as the
          manager in another private fund product. Zhaoxin Company filed a lawsuit in court against the managers,
          custodians and other relevant parties of the relevant underlying funds, demanding each of the defendants
          to jointly compensate for its losses totaling RMB623,324,129.95. At present, Shenzhen Intermediate People’s
          Court has accepted the case and the Company has engaged a lawyer to represent it to respond to the
          lawsuit. In light of the jurisdictional objection filed by the defendants, on July 1, 2024, Shenzhen Intermediate
          People’s Court made the first-instance ruling that the case shall be transferred to the jurisdiction of
          Chengdu-Chongqing Financial Court. Zhaoxin Company disagreed with the ruling and filed an appeal.
          On October 22, 2024, the High People’s Court of Guangdong Province made the second-instance ruling
          of upholding the first-instance ruling that the case shall be transferred to the jurisdiction of Chengdu-
          Chongqing Financial Court.

          2. Tort liability disputes among the Company and Zhejin Company, etc.

          In June 2024, the Company received a lawsuit document from Hangzhou Intermediate People’s Court.
          According to the lawsuit, Ningbo Zhejin Steel Co., Ltd. ( 寧波浙金鋼材有限公司 ) (“Zhejin Company”) suffered
          losses from its investment in a trust plan, thus Zhejin Company sued to the court and demanded the
          product service agency, fund manager and custodians of the underlying fund invested by the trust
          plan to jointly compensate for its loss of the principal, interest loss and the attorney’s fee, etc., totaling
          RMB100,086,666.67. The Company is one of the product custodians of the underlying fund. At present,
          Hangzhou Intermediate People’s Court has accepted the case. The Company has engaged a lawyer to
          represent it to respond to the lawsuit. In light of the jurisdictional objection filed by the defendants, on
          September 24, 2024, Hangzhou Intermediate People’s Court made the first-instance ruling that the case
          shall be transferred to the jurisdiction of Ningbo Intermediate People’s Court. On December 9, 2024, the High
          People’s Court of Zhejiang Province made the second-instance ruling of upholding the first-instance ruling
          that the case shall be transferred to the jurisdiction of Ningbo Intermediate People’s Court.




204
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
3. Performance dispute between Yili Fund, a fund under Huatai Purple Gold Investment, and
Der Group and its de facto controller, Ru Jiyong

Yili Su Xin Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 伊 犁 蘇 新 投 資 基 金 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )) (“Yili
Fund”), a fund under Huatai Purple Gold Investment, filed an application for arbitration with the Nanjing
Arbitration Commission in June 2020, requesting Ru Jiyong, the de facto controller of Der Group Co. Ltd. ( 德
爾集團有限公司 ) (“Der Group”) to fulfil his obligation to repurchase the equity interest in Henan Yiteng New
Energy Technology Co., Ltd. ( 河 南 義 騰 新 能 源 科 技 有 限 公 司 ) (“Henan Yiteng”) held by Yili Fund pursuant to
the agreement entered into between the parties in relation to the investment in Henan Yiteng. The Nanjing
Arbitration Commission held hearings on August 19, 2022, February 24, 2023 and October 7, 2023. In light of

                                                                                                                                About Us
the bankruptcy and the cancellation of industry and commerce registration of Henan Yiteng, Yili Fund filed a
new application for arbitration with the Nanjing Arbitration Commission on February 7, 2024, demanding Ru
Jiyong to undertake the corresponding payment obligations. On February 20, 2024, the Nanjing Arbitration
Commission accepted the aforesaid arbitration application from Yili Fund. The Nanjing Arbitration
Commission issued a decision letter on June 24, 2024, stating that the arbitration proceedings in this case
were suspended due to Ru Jiyong’s claim for confirmation of the validity of the arbitration agreement,
which had been accepted by Suzhou Intermediate People’s Court and no ruling had been made yet. On
September 24, 2024, Suzhou Intermediate People’s Court made a ruling of approving the withdrawal of the



                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
claim by Ru Jiyong. Therefore, on September 29, 2024, the Nanjing Arbitration Commission ruled to resume
the arbitration proceedings. On November 8, 2024, the case was heard before the Nanjing Arbitration
Commission. On February 8, 2025, a ruling from the Nanjing Arbitration Commission was received, which


                                                                                                                              and Strategies
supported all requests of Yili Fund.

On November 11, 2022, Yili Fund filed a lawsuit against Der Group with the People’s Court of Jianye District,
Nanjing, requesting Der Group to be liable for the losses incurred by Yili Fund resulting from the invalid
guarantee of pledge of shares of Der Future (with damages of RMB275,966,101, of which, the loss of
investment principal amounted to RMB142,372,881 and the loss of interest amounted to RMB133,593,220). On
November 28, 2022, the People’s Court of Jianye District, Nanjing froze 54,919,622 shares of Der Future held
by Der Group upon the application of Yili Fund. The case was then transferred to Ili Kazakh Autonomous




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Prefecture Branch of the High People’s Court of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region (the “Ili Court”), and the
Ili Court held a hearing on September 8, 2023 and issued a civil ruling on October 18, 2023, holding that the
case had to be based on the outcome of the Nanjing Arbitration Case, and ordered a stay of the litigation
accordingly. Due to the requirements on time limits for case trial, Yili Fund filed an application for withdrawal
of the case with the Ili Court, which issued a ruling agreeing to the withdrawal of the case on May 21, 2024. At
the same time, Yili Fund applied to the Ili Court for pre-litigation preservation and resubmitted its application
to file the case. On September 9, 2024, the Ili Court made a ruling, rejecting the objection application filed
against the jurisdiction of the case by Der Group Co. Ltd., and Der Group filed an appeal against the ruling.
On November 7, 2024, the Xinjiang High Court made a ruling, rejecting the appeal against the jurisdictional
objection filed by Der Group.




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
4. Performance dispute between Yili Fund, a fund under Huatai Purple Gold Investment, and Su
Yashuai

The project of J-Tech CNC Technology Co., Ltd. ( 嘉泰數控科技股份有限公司 ) (“J-Tech CNC”) invested by Yili


                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Fund, a fund under Huatai Purple Gold Investment, has triggered the repurchase and cash compensation
obligations of Su Yashuai, the de facto controller of J-Tech CNC, due to the failure to fulfill the performance
commitments and listing targets as stipulated in the investment agreement, which has resulted in a
performance dispute. In October 2023, Yili Fund filed an application for litigation to the People’s Court of
Jianye District, Nanjing. The People’s Court of Jianye District has accepted the case and commenced the
trial on January 15, 2024. On April 18, 2024, the People’s Court of Jianye District issued a civil judgment in favor
of Yili Fund’s claim for the consideration for share repurchase, which consisted of the principal amount of
RMB80,059,100 as well as the repurchase premium (calculated at an interest rate of 10% per annum until the
date of actual payment of the consideration for share repurchase); and adjusted the liquidated damages
claimed by us, which was calculated on a base amount of RMB80,059,100 and at the one-year Loan Prime
Rate standard published by the National Interbank Funding Center from September 13, 2022 until the date




                                                                                                                       205
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of actual settlement. By the expiration of the appeal period, the opponent had not filed an application for
          appeal and the first instance judgment had become effective. Yili Fund submitted the filing materials with
          the Executive Bureau of People’s Court of Jianye District on June 12, 2024 for compulsory execution, and the
          People’s Court of Jianye District filed a case in August 2024; On December 30, 2024, Yili Fund received the
          award of termination of execution served by the People’s Court of Jianye District.

          5. Bill dispute of Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan of Huatai
          Securities ( 華泰證券華福廈門銀行 1 號定向資產管理計劃 )

          In October 2016 and March 2017, Xiamen Bank Co., Ltd., the client of Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 Targeted Assets
          Management Plan of Huatai Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 ( 華福廈門銀行 1
          號 )”), filed a lawsuit of contract dispute at Fujian Higher People’s Court for the bill dispute of Huafu Xiamen
          Bank No. 1, with Shenzhen Branch of Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd. as the defendant. The total amount of the
          underlying bill was RMB950 million. Huatai Asset Management participated in the lawsuit as a third party.
          On June 26, 2018, Fujian Higher People’s Court made the first-instance judgment in favor of Xiamen Bank’s
          main litigation claim, and on December 12, 2020, the Supreme People’s Court made the second-instance
          judgment to reject the appeal and upheld the original judgment. After the second-instance judgment
          became effective, Shenzhen Branch of Bank of Ningbo fulfilled the judgment payment to Xiamen Bank.
          In 2023, the applicant, Shenzhen Branch of Bank of Ningbo, filed an application for retrial on the grounds
          that there were new evidence and facts in the case which were sufficient to overturn the second-instance
          judgment, which was accepted by the Supreme People’s Court on July 11, 2023. On December 9, 2024, the
          Supreme Court issued Civil Rulings of (2024) Zui Gao Fa Min Zai No. 272 and No. 273, ruling to revoke Civil
          Judgements of (2016) Min Min Chu No. 108 and (2017) Min Min Chu No. 31 issued by Fujian Higher People’s
          Court and Civil Judgements of (2019) Zui Gao Fa Min Zhong No. 190 and (2019) Zui Gao Fa Min Zhong No. 191
          issued by the Supreme People’s Court, and remanded the case to Fujian Higher People’s Court for a retrial.



          IX. SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS BY,
          PUNISHMENT ON AND RECTIFICATION OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
          DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING
          SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

          1. In March 2024, Hubei Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Taking Measures by Issuing a
          Warning Letter to Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., Liu Wei and Zhang Zhanpei ([2024] No. 14) (《關於對華泰聯
          合證券有限責任公司、劉偉、張展培採取出具警示函措施的決定》([2024]14 號 )) to Huatai United Securities, pointing
          out that Huatai United Securities failed to carry out effective supervision over the financial accounting and
          funds raising of Hubei Huaqiang High-tech Co., Ltd. ( 湖 北 華 強 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司 ) (“Huaqiang High-tech”),
          and that the relevant descriptions in the report issued were not tally with the facts, and failed to reflect the
          non-compliance issues of Huaqiang High-tech in a true and accurate manner. Hubei Securities Regulatory
          Bureau took administrative regulatory measures by issuing a warning letter to Huatai United Securities and
          the relevant personnel in accordance with Article 64 of the Administrative Measures for the Sponsorship
          Business of the Issuance and Listing of Securities (《證券發行上市保薦業務管理辦法》). Huatai United Securities
          has pursued corresponding internal accountability in accordance with the corporate system, and
          requested the responsible departments to conduct a comprehensive review on the continuous supervision
          and workflow of the sponsorship business projects, to perform their duties conscientiously and diligently,
          and to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents.

          2. In April 2024, Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Ordering Huatai Securities
          Co., Ltd. to Take Rectification Regulatory Measures ([2024] No. 74) (《關於對华泰证券股份有限公司採取責令改
          正 監 管 措 施 的 決 定 》([2024]74 號 )), pointing out that the Company failed to put in place compliance and
          risk control gatekeeping for part of its proprietary business, failed to fulfill its obligations of managing and
          supervising the appropriateness of some of its clients, failed to manage the qualifications of its practitioners
          and failed to improve the internal control over its follow-on investment business. The Company attached




206
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
great importance to the above issues and has organised relevant departments to effectively carry out
rectifications and regulations around various aspects such as regimes, processes and systems.

3. In April 2024, Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Taking Measures by Issuing a
Warning Letter to the Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen ([2024]
No. 77) (《關於對华泰证券股份有限公司深圳深南大道證券營業部採取出具警示函措施的決定》([2024]77 號 )) to
the Securities Branch of the Company in Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen, pointing out that the Securities
Branch in Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen cooperated with external organisations to hold a customer training
and exchange meeting in 2019, which involved explanations on the securities market trends and other
related contents, yet the Branch failed to conduct compliance review on the activities, agenda, contents


                                                                                                                                 About Us
and qualifications of the lecturers. The Securities Branch in Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen had carried
out rectifications in respect of the issues pointed out in the letter, and the Company had also further
strengthened the management of branches by way of assessment and accountability.

4. In April 2024, Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Ordering Huatai Securities Co.,
Ltd. to Take Rectification Regulatory Measures ([2024] No. 85) (《關於對华泰证券股份有限公司採取責令改正監管
措施的決定》([2024]85 號 )) to the Company, pointing out that the Company failed to manage the trading
behaviors of its clients in carrying out its margin financing and securities lending business; and failed to
continuously supervise its clients to standardise their issuance behaviors in the course of carrying out the



                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
business of non-financial corporate debt financing instruments in the inter-bank bond market. In response
to the above-mentioned issues, the Company has organised relevant departments and branches to
actively carry out rectifications, and further optimised the governing mechanisms in relevant areas.


                                                                                                                               and Strategies
5. In May 2024, Yunnan Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Taking Measures by Issuing
a Warning Letter to Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Yunnan Branch (Decisions on Administrative Regulatory
Measures [2024] No. 7) (《關於對华泰证券股份有限公司雲南分公司採取出具警示函措施的決定》( 行政監管措施決定
書 [2024]7 號 )) to Yunnan Branch of the Company, pointing out that Yunnan Branch of the Company failed
to deal with investor complaints and disputes in a timely and proper manner. Yunnan Branch had dealt
with the relevant investor complaints and disputes in a proper manner, and the Company had continuously
optimised the complaint and dispute prevention and resolution mechanisms.




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
6. In May 2024, Shanghai Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Taking Measures by Issuing a
Warning Letter to Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Assets Management Co., Ltd. (Hu Zheng Jian Jue [2024] No.
213) (《關於對華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產管理有限公司採取出具警示函措施的決定》( 滬證監決 [2024]213 號 )) to Huatai
Asset Management, pointing out that Huatai Asset Management had the following deficiencies: firstly, the
funds invested for relief purposes under the asset management plan for supporting the development of
private enterprises did not reach the prescribed proportion, reflecting a lack of prudence and diligence
in the Company’s operations; secondly, the due diligence on counterparties was inadequate, and there
was a failure to conduct prudent investigation on counterparties in the process of handling the stock
pledged repurchase business for individual clients. Huatai Asset Management attached great importance
to and sincerely accepted the issues pointed out in the above-mentioned warning letter, formulated a




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
clear rectification plan and completed the rectifications. Huatai Asset Management would take this as an
opportunity to further promote the robust development of various businesses in a prudent and diligent
manner.




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
7. In June 2024, the Shanghai Stock Exchange issued the Decision on Issuing Regulatory Warning to Huatai
United Securities Co., Ltd., Sponsor Representatives Xia Junfeng and Wang Yi ([2024] No.34) (《關於對華泰聯
合證券有限責任公司、保薦代表人夏俊峰、汪怡予以監管警示的決定》([2024]34 號 )) to Huatai United Securities,
pointing out that Huatai United Securities failed to fulfill the obligation of prudent verification in respect of the
flow of funds to overlapping supplier by the affiliated company of Zhejiang Arcana Power Sports Tech Co.,
Ltd. ( 浙江力玄運動科技股份有限公司 ), and failed to prudently assess the income-related verification opinions
of the reporting accountant and other circumstances. The Shanghai Stock Exchange, in accordance with
the Rules Governing the Review of Issuance and Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《 上
海證券交易所股票發行上市審核規則》) and other relevant provisions, took the self-disciplinary measures of
regulatory warning against Huatai United Securities and the relevant personnel. Huatai United Securities
pursued corresponding internal accountability in accordance with the corporate system and required




                                                                                                                        207
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the responsible departments to conduct comprehensive inspections on the project management, risk
          identification and control and other matters of sponsorship business, so as to further improve the adequacy
          and prudence of due diligence.

          8. In October 2024, Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Taking Measures by
          Issuing a Warning Letter to Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. ([2024] No. 203) (《關於對華泰聯合證券有限責任
          公司採取出具警示函措施的決定》([2024] 203 號 )) to Huatai United Securities, pointing out that Huatai United
          Securities failed to conduct adequate due diligence for certain bonds underwritten by it, failed to strictly
          fulfill continuous supervision obligations, failed to conduct businesses while adhering to integrity and other
          issues. Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau took administrative regulatory measures by issuing a warning
          letter to Huatai United Securities in accordance with the Measures for the Administration of Information
          Disclosure Concerning Corporate Credit Bonds (《公司信用類債券信息披露管理辦法》). Huatai United Securities
          has conducted a serious review based on the above issues, further strengthened the adequacy of due
          diligence and information disclosure, rigorously fulfilled its ongoing supervision obligations, and clarified
          relevant cost-bearing requirements, to prevent recurrence of similar issues.

          9. In November 2024, Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Ordering Huatai Securities
          Co., Ltd. Zhenjiang Branch to Take Rectification Regulatory Measures ([2024] No. 218) (《關於對华泰证券股份有
          限公司鎮江分公司採取責令改正監管措施的決定》([2024]218 號 )) to the former Zhenjiang Branch of the Company,
          pointing out that staff of such branch and its subordinate business departments had illegally sold financial
          products. The Company has organised relevant branches to conduct self-inspection and rectification, and
          further enhanced standardised management of financial product sales processes.

          10. In November 2024, Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Taking Regulatory
          Measures by Issuing a Warning Letter to Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. ([2024] No. 230) (《 關 於 對 华 泰 证 券 股 份
          有限公司採取出具警示函監管措施的決定》([2024]230 號 )) to the Company, pointing out that the Company
          had the following deficiencies: firstly, the Company conducted OTC options transactions with non-
          professional institutional investors and failed to effectively monitor the percentage of purchase of OTC
          options for involved products in the relevant process; secondly, the Company failed to implement adequate
          compliance management on certain branches, resulting in situations of conducting business in a non-
          compliant manner, such as staff provided test answers to clients, conducted securities transactions on
          clients’ behalf, and assisted non-professional institutional investors in conducting OTC options transactions.
          The Company has organised relevant departments and branches to conduct self-inspection and
          rectification, and improved standardised operations in relevant areas through optimizing systems and
          mechanisms as well as strengthening promotion, guidance and training.

          11. In November 2024, the Shanghai Stock Exchange issued the Decision on Issuing Regulatory Warning to
          Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. and Sponsor Representatives Liu Lu, Chen Weiya and Huang Fei ([2024] No.
          63) (《關於對華泰聯合證券有限責任公司和保薦代表人劉鷺、陳維亞、黃飛予以監管警示的決定》([2024] 63 號 )) to
          Huatai United Securities, pointing out that Huatai United Securities failed to perform sufficient verification
          on the internal controls over R&D investments and sales personnel’s capital flows of the issuer during the
          sponsorship work for Nanjing Shineking Biotech Co., Ltd. The Shanghai Stock Exchange, in accordance with
          the Rules Governing the Review of Issuance and Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《 上
          海證券交易所股票發行上市審核規則》) and other relevant provisions, took the self-disciplinary measures of
          regulatory warning against Huatai United Securities and the relevant personnel. Huatai United Securities
          pursued corresponding internal accountability in accordance with the corporate system and required
          the responsible departments to conduct a comprehensive review on the project management, working
          processes and other matters of the sponsorship business, so as to continuously improve business
          capabilities and work quality.

          12. In December 2024, Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Taking Measures by
          Issuing a Warning Letter to Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. ([2024] No. 300) (《 關 於 對 華 泰 聯 合 證 券 有 限 責
          任 公 司 採 取 出 具 警 示 函 措 施 的 決 定》([2024]300 號 )) to Huatai United Securities. The aforesaid warning letter
          determined that Huatai United Securities failed to effectively supervise the management and use of issuers’
          accounts designated for raised funds and failed to diligently and conscientiously perform its duties of
          continuously supervising the raised funds in the course of entrusted management of issuers of relevant




208
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
corporate bonds. Zhejiang Securities Regulatory Bureau took administrative regulatory measures by issuing
a warning letter to Huatai United Securities in accordance with the Administrative Measures for Issuance
and Trading of Corporate Bonds (《公 司 債 券 發 行 與 交 易 管 理 辦 法》). Upon receipt of the aforesaid letter in
January 2025, Huatai United Securities has pursued corresponding internal accountability in accordance
with the corporate system, and requested the responsible departments to seriously study the corporate
management system, to conduct a comprehensive review on project management, risk identification
and control, to perform their duties conscientiously and diligently, and to prevent the recurrence of similar
incidents.

Save for the foregoing, none of the Company and its Directors, Supervisors, senior management,


                                                                                                                            About Us
shareholders holding over 5% of equity interest or de facto controllers were investigated by competent
authorities, imposed with coercive measures by a judiciary authority or disciplinary department, transferred
to a judicial authority or held criminally liable, banned from accessing to the market, identified as unsuitable
persons, punished by other administrative departments or publicly condemned by a stock exchange.



X. INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
During the Reporting Period, the Company and its de facto controllers maintained good faith with no cases                Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
such as non-performance of effective court judgment or overdue of relatively large liability.



XI. MAJOR RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details on the related-party transactions under the relevant accounting standards can be found in "Annual
Financial Report" "Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements" "59 Related party relationships and
transactions in this report". The Company confirmed that the related-party transactions were not qualified




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
as the “connected transactions” or the “continuing connected transactions” as defined in Chapter 14A of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules (as the case may be), or were in compliance with the disclosure requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



XII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE THEREOF

(I) The Company was not engaged in any custody, contracting or leasing




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                   209
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Guarantees
                                                                                                                           Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                         External guarantees of the Company (excluding the guarantees for subsidiaries)

          Total amount of guarantees during the Reporting Period (excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                             –
          subsidiaries)

          Total balance of guarantees at the end of the Reporting Period (A)(excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                             –
          subsidiaries)

                                                Guarantees of the Company and its subsidiaries for its subsidiaries

          Total amount of guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                        111.23

          Total balance of guarantees for subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                                          323.36

                                       Total guarantee amount of the Company (including the guarantees for subsidiaries)

          Total guarantee amount (A+B)                                                                                                                 323.36

          Percentage of the total guarantee amount to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                      16.85

          Among which:

          Amount of guarantees provided for shareholders, de facto controllers and their related parties (C)                                                 –

          Amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an
                                                                                                                                                       272.84
          asset-liability ratio of more than 70% (D)

          Excess amount of the total guarantee over 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                               –
          Total amount of the three guarantees mentioned above (C+D+E)                                                                                 272.84

                                                                                                                   Bearing the principal, interest and other
          Undue guarantees with joint and several liabilities
                                                                                                                                    expenses of the bonds

                         1. Guarantees Provided by the Company
                         (1) In 2017, as considered and approved at the fifth meeting of the fourth session of the Board and the 2016 Annual General
                         Meeting of the Company, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB1.9 billion to Huatai
                         Asset Management. The net capital guarantee of RMB1.9 billion has not been utilized during the Reporting Period.
                         (2) In 2018, as considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the fourth session of the Board, the Company provided a
                         net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities. The net capital guarantee will be
                         available from July 1, 2019. In 2022, Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau approved the Company to adjust the amount of the
                         commitment on the provision of net capital guarantee to Huatai United Securities in 2019 from RMB2.0 billion to RMB1.0 billion
                         from June 21, 2022. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with a total amount of
                         RMB1.0 billion to Huatai United Securities.
                         (3) In 2020, as considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company provided a
                         liquidity guarantee with a maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities, which had not been utilized during the
                         Reporting Period.
                         (4) In 2021, as considered and approved at the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board and the 2021 First Extraordinary
                         General Meeting of the Company, the persons authorized by the general mandate to issue onshore and offshore debt
                         financing instruments of the Company may sign relevant agreements, and the Company (as the guarantor) has entered
                         into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable
                         guarantee for USD1,300 million bonds and additional USD100 million bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary
                         of Huatai International. Among them, USD900 million bonds were due for repayment in April 2024 and the corresponding
                         guarantee was automatically terminated.
          Explanations   (5) In 2022, the Company (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the
          on             trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for USD1,000 million bonds and RMB5,000 million bonds issued
          guarantees     by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International.
                         (6) In 2023, the Company (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                         Corporation Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for USD1,600 million bonds issued
                         by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International.
                         2. Guarantees Provided by the Subsidiaries
                         During the Reporting Period, Huatai International and its subsidiaries had provided guarantees for the benefits of their
                         subsidiaries in connection with their business operations, which are mainly guarantees for corporate bonds and guarantees
                         for medium-term notes. The aggregate guaranteed amount was approximately RMB11.123 billion as of the end of the Reporting
                         Period.
                         In addition, Huatai International and its subsidiaries provided guarantees, some of which were unlimited, for various International
                         Swaps and Derivatives Association Agreements (ISDA), Global Master Repurchase Agreements (GMRA), Global Master
                         Securities Lending Agreements (GMSLA) and Broker-Dealer Agreements. The above-mentioned unlimited guarantees were
                         issued in accordance with normal international banking and capital market practices, which allowed the banks and other
                         financial institutions which Huatai International and its subsidiaries deal with to support large market events and fluctuating
                         requirements, therefore ensuring Huatai International and its subsidiaries not constrained in the normal course of business.
                         Since Huatai International and its subsidiaries are limited companies, the absolute maximum exposure of these guarantees in
                         aggregate would be limited to the respective net assets of Huatai International and its subsidiaries.
                         3. The aforesaid amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an asset-liability
                         ratio of more than 70% was RMB27.284 billion, including: 1) guarantee provided by the Company to Pioneer Reward Limited, a
                         subsidiary of Huatai International, for the issuance of USD3.1 billion bonds and RMB5.0 billion bonds; 2) the guarantee provided by
                         Huatai International and its subsidiaries to meet the needs of the business operation of their subsidiaries.




210
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(III) Other material contracts

1. According to the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (《上海證券交易所
股票上市規則》) and the Standards for the Contents and Formats of Information Disclosure by Companies
Offering Securities to the Public No. 2 – Contents and Formats of Annual Report《( 公開發行證券的公司信息披
露內容與格式準則第 2 號－年度報告的內容與格式》), the Group did not enter into material contracts during the
Reporting Period.

2. The progress of relevant significant contracts disclosed during the Reporting Period is as follows:

During the Reporting Period, the Construction Contract for the Work of Section I of the Interior Decoration and

                                                                                                                           About Us
Renovation of the Plaza of Huatai Securities (《華泰證券廣場室內裝飾裝修一標段工程施工合同》) was performed
normally, and the Company had paid the contract price of RMB1,285,100 in accordance with the contract.
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had made contract payments of RMB138,177,900 in
accumulation (excluding social insurance premium paid on behalf, etc.), and the contract had been
completely performed.



XIII. EXPLANATION ON PROGRESS IN USE OF FUNDS RAISED

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
All funds raised from the issuance of shares by the Company have been used up before the Reporting
Period.



X I V. D ES C R I P T I O N O F OT H E R M A J O R E V E N T S T H AT H AV E                                             and Strategies

SIGNIFICANT IMPACTS ON INVESTORS TO MAKE VALUE JUDGMENTS
AND INVESTMENT DECISIONS

(I) Change of shareholdings in subsidiaries




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
For details of change of shareholdings in subsidiaries during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Major
disposal of assets and shareholdings by the Company during the Reporting Period” under “Major Operations
during the Reporting Period” under “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” in this report.

(II) Description of major events of the subsidiaries

1. Huatai Purple Gold Investment

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Nantong Huatai
Intelligent Manufacture and Technology Industries Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 南通華泰智
造科技產業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale of such


                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
fund amounted to RMB820 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner
and a general partner, contributed RMB250 million.




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Chengdu Huatai
Tianfu Digital Intelligence Venture Capital Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 成都華泰天府數智創業投資合夥
企業 ( 有限合夥 )). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale of such fund amounted
to RMB501 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner and a general
partner, contributed RMB1 million.

During the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale of Nanjing Huatai Xingong Industries Investment
Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰新工產業投資基金 ( 有限合夥 )), established by Huatai Purple Gold Investment,
increased from RMB800 million to RMB920 million. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total subscription
scale of such fund amounted to RMB920 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an
executive partner and a general partner, contributed RMB250 million.




                                                                                                                  211
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the cancellation of industry and commerce registration of Shengdao (Nanjing)
          Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 盛道 ( 南京 ) 股權投資管理有限公司 ), a controlled subsidiary of Huatai
          Purple Gold Investment, was completed.

          During the Reporting Period, the cancellation of industry and commerce registration of Shanghai Ruisi
          Investment (Limited Partnership) ( 上海瑞肆投資中心 ( 有限合夥 )) managed by Huatai Purple Gold Investment,
          was completed.

          2. Huatai Asset Management

          During the Reporting Period, the general manager of Huatai Asset Management changed from Mr. Nie
          Tingjin to Mr. Jiang Xiaoyang.

          3. Huatai International

          During the Reporting Period, Mr. Han Zhencong and Ms. Jiao Xiaoning served as the directors of Huatai
          International.

          During the Reporting Period, subsidiaries of Huatai International obtained the following business
          qualifications:

          (1) Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) obtained the underwriting qualification for the TOKYO PRO-BOND
          Market issued by the Tokyo Stock Exchange of Japan.

          (2) A wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International was granted a stock transaction code by stock market
          regulatory authorities in Vietnam, which enabled such company to directly conduct transactions as a
          qualified overseas investor in the Hochiminh Stock Exchange and Hanoi Stock Exchange in Vietnam.

          (3) Huatai Securities (USA), Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International, obtained approval from
          the Nasdaq Stock Market in the United States to add limited underwriting membership, which enabled such
          company to assist initially listed companies with underwriting transactions.

          4. Jiangsu Equity Exchange

          During the Reporting Period, the chairman of Jiangsu Equity Exchange changed from Mr. Sun Hanlin to Mr.
          Zhang Anzhong.

          (III) For other major events disclosed by the Company on China Securities Journal,
          Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times, Securities Daily and the website of the
          SSE (www.sse.com.cn) during the Reporting Period, please refer to Appendix IV.
          Information Disclosures Index.



          XV. MAIN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ITEMS THAT MAY AFFECT THE
          COMPANY’S FINANCIAL SITUATION AND OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE
          For the main off-balance sheet items that may affect the Company’s financial situation and operational
          performance, please refer to “Guarantees” under “Material Contracts and Performance Thereof” under “Major
          Events” in this report.



          XVI. IMPORTANT MATTERS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE

          (I) Changes in Directors of the Company

          On March 14, 2025, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Ms. Yin Lihong, an




212
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
executive Director. Ms. Yin Lihong has proposed to resign from her positions as an executive Director of the
sixth session of the Board of the Company and as a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board
due to work adjustment, upon which she no longer holds any position in the Company. In accordance with
the relevant provisions of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, Ms. Yin Lihong’s resignation did
not result in the number of members of the Board of the Company falling below the statutory minimum, nor
did it affect the normal operation of the Board of the Company. Her resignation took effect on the date on
which her resignation report was delivered to the Board.

(II) Proposal or resolution on annual distribution


                                                                                                                         About Us
Please refer to “Important Notice” in this report.

(III) Material investment and financing activities

Please refer to “Annual Financial Report”“Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements”“66 Events after the
reporting date” in this report.

(IV) Material litigation and arbitration



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
After the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any material litigation and arbitration.

(V) Business combination or disposal of subsidiary

                                                                                                                       and Strategies
In January 2025, the industrial and commercial registration modification procedures for the transfer of
its 20% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange to Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd. by the Company
had been completed. The Company’s shareholding in Jiangsu Equity Exchange, which is a participating
subsidiary of the Company, changed to 32%.


(VI) Relocation of securities branches




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
    Name before            Name after                                                       Issue date
No. relocation             relocation            Address after relocation                   of license

     Securities Branch     Securities Branch
                                                 103, No. 628 Nanda Street, New Century
1    in South Street,      in South Street,                                                 January 14, 2025
                                                 Plaza, Licheng Street, Liyang City
     Liyang                Liyang

                                              No. 1-01, 1/F and No. 2-01, 2/F for
     Securities Branch     Securities Branch commercial purposes, Block 4, Yingyuan
2    in Ronghui Road,      in Jintong Avenue, Health City, West of Jintong Avenue,          January 14, 2025
     Macheng               Macheng            Macheng Economic Development Zone,



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                              Huanggang City, Hubei Province

                                             501, 502, 512, 515 and 516, 5/F, Building
     Securities Branch     Securities Branch



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                                             2, 116, 1/F and 216, 2/F, Building 1, No. 28
3    in Yonghe Temple,     in Yonghe Temple,                                                January 23, 2025
                                             Andingmen East Street, Dongcheng
     Beijing               Beijing
                                             District, Beijing City


(VII) Other situations that might materially affect the financial position, operational
performance and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period

The Company had no other situations that might materially affect the financial position, operational
performance and cash flow of the Company after the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                213
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Changes in Shares
          and Shareholders




          I. CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

          (I) Statement of changes in shares

          1. Statement of changes in shares
                                                                                                                                    Unit: Shares

                                    Before the change                Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change            After the change

                                                                             Shares
                                                               New
                                                 Percentage         Bonus converted                                                 Percentage
                                      Number                shares                            Others      Subtotal      Number
                                                        (%)        shares      from                                                        (%)
                                                            issued
                                                                           reserves

          I. Shares subject to
                                    29,278,392          0.32     –         –          –    -15,352,513   -15,352,513   13,925,879          0.15
          selling restrictions

          1. Shares held by the
                                            –             –      –         –          –             –             –            –              –
          state

          2. Shares held by
          state-owned legal                 –             –      –         –          –             –             –            –              –
          persons

          3. Shares held by other
                                    29,278,392          0.32     –         –          –    -15,352,513   -15,352,513   13,925,879          0.15
          domestic investors

          Including: Shares held
          by domestic non-
                                            –             –      –         –          –             –             –            –              –
          state-owned legal
          persons

          Shares held by
          domestic natural          29,278,392          0.32     –         –          –    -15,352,513   -15,352,513   13,925,879          0.15
          persons

          4. Shares held by
                                            –             –      –         –          –             –             –            –              –
          foreign investors

          Including: Shares held
          by overseas legal                 –             –      –         –          –             –             –            –              –
          persons

          Shares held by
          overseas natural                  –             –      –         –          –             –             –            –              –
          persons




214
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                            Before the change                 Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change              After the change

                                                                      Shares
                                                        New
                                          Percentage         Bonus converted                                                   Percentage
                              Number                 shares                            Others      Subtotal        Number
                                                 (%)        shares      from                                                          (%)
                                                     issued
                                                                    reserves

II. Tradable shares
not subject to selling   9,045,384,943         99.68      –         –          –   -32,008,541   -32,008,541 9,013,376,402          99.85
restrictions

1. Ordinary shares in
                         7,326,339,263         80.73      –         –          –   -32,008,541   -32,008,541 7,294,330,722          80.80
RMB


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
2. Domestic listed
                                     –             –      –         –          –             –            –               –             –
foreign shares

3. Overseas listed
                          1,719,045,680         18.94     –         –          –             –            –    1,719,045,680         19.04
foreign shares

4. Others                            –             –      –         –          –             –            –               –             –

III. Total shares        9,074,663,335        100.00      –         –          –   -47,361,054   -47,361,054   9,027,302,281       100.00



2. Information on changes in shares

On January 10, 2024, the Company cancelled 45,278,495 A shares deposited in the repo-securities account.                                           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
During the Reporting Period, the conditions for lifting the selling restrictions of the second lock-up period
under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company have been fulfilled, a total of
13,269,954 restricted Shares were released from selling restrictions, and were listed for trading on May 16,
2024.

During the Reporting Period, the Company repurchased and cancelled part or all of 2,082,559 restricted A
Shares granted to 175 incentive participants but subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment of
condition of individual performance, release or termination of employment with the Company and other




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
circumstances. On September 20, 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of such
restricted A Shares, and the total share capital of the Company changed to 9,027,302,281 Shares, comprising
7,308,256,601 A shares, representing approximately 80.96% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
shares, representing approximately 19.04% of the total number of shares.

3. Impact of the change in shares on earnings per share, net asset value per share or other
financial indicators for the latest year and the latest period

In 2024, the total amount of shares decreased by 47,361,054 as the Company completed the repurchase
and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares. Based on the weighted average number, basic earnings
per share in 2024 were RMB1.62, diluted earnings per share were RMB1.62.



                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
The net assets per share attributable to owners of the listed company as at the end of 2024 were RMB21.23.
Such net assets per share attributable to owners of the listed company include perpetual bonds issued
by the Company. Net of the influence of perpetual bonds, net assets per share attributable to ordinary



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
shareholders of the listed company as at the end of 2024 were RMB18.10.




                                                                                                                                             215
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Changes in shares subject to selling restrictions
                                                                                                                                               Unit: Shares

                                                                            Increase in
                                     Number               Number           the number
                                    of shares            of shares            of shares     Number of
                                      subject            released               subject shares subject
                                    to selling        from selling            to selling      to selling                                        Date of
                               restrictions at         restrictions         restrictions restrictions at                  Reasons               release
          Name of              the beginning            during the           during the the end of the                   for selling       from selling
          shareholder             of the year                 year                 year            year                restrictions         restrictions

          Incentive                                                                                                      Incentive
          participants                                                                                                  scheme of          See note for
                                    29,278,392           13,269,954           -2,082,559            13,925,879
          of restricted A                                                                                              restricted A             details
          Shares                                                                                                            Shares

          Total                     29,278,392           13,269,954           -2,082,559            13,925,879                       /                    /

          Notes:
          1. Pursuant to the requirements under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., which was disclosed by
          the Company on February 9, 2021, if the restricted Shares granted under the incentive scheme meet the conditions of unlocking after 24 months
          from the date of completion of registration of the corresponding granted portion of shares, the incentive participants may release the restriction
          in three phases in the next 36 months in the proportion of 33%, 33% and 34%.
          The registration date of the restricted Shares under the incentive scheme was April 6, 2021, and the second lock-up period expired on April 5,
          2024. The number of the unlocked Shares was 13,269,954 Shares, and the listing and trading date of the unlocked Shares was May 16, 2024.
          2. On September 20, 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 2,082,559 restricted A Shares.




          II. THE ISSUANCE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

          (I) Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                              Currency: RMB

                                                                    Issue                                                  Number of
                                                                price (or                                                   securities
          Types of shares and their                              interest       Number of                             permitted to be Ending date
          derivative securities                   Date of issue     rate) securities issued         Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

          Bonds (including enterprise bonds, corporate bonds and debt financing instruments of non-financial
          enterprises)

          Short-term corporate bonds               2024-10-16         1.96%     RMB2.0 billion       2024-10-23        RMB2.0 billion       2025-03-17

          Short-term corporate
                                                     2024-11-11       1.90%    RMB4.8 billion          2024-11-19      RMB4.8 billion 2025-05-12
          bonds

          Short-term corporate
                                                     2024-11-11       1.92%     RMB1.0 billion         2024-11-19       RMB1.0 billion        2025-11-12
          bonds

          Short-term corporate
                                                  2024-12-06          1.75%    RMB6.0 billion         2024-12-16       RMB6.0 billion 2025-06-09
          bonds

          Short-term corporate
                                                  2024-12-20          1.67%     RMB3.0 billion       2024-12-30        RMB3.0 billion 2025-08-22
          bonds

          Perpetual subordinated
                                                   2024-11-22        2.39%      RMB2.6 billion       2024-12-02        RMB2.6 billion                 N/A
          bonds




216
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Information of the issuance of securities during the Reporting Period:

1. Short-term corporate bonds

On October 16, 2024, the Company publicly issued the 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(First Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 151-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 1.96%. Such bonds were listed
for trading on October 23, 2024. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “24 Huatai S1” and “241764.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on March 17, 2025.


                                                                                                                          About Us
On November 11, 2024, the Company publicly issued the 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
Securities (Second Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.8
billion at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 181-day and 1-year fixed rates. The amount of the 181-
day bonds came to RMB4.8 billion with a coupon rate of 1.90%, while the amount of the 1-year bonds came
to RMB1.0 billion with a coupon rate of 1.92%. Such bonds were listed for trading on November 19, 2024.
The abbreviation and code of the 181-day bonds were “24 Huatai S2” and “241797.SH”, respectively, and
the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.8 billion with the trading to be
ended on May 12, 2025; the abbreviation and code of the 1-year bonds were “24 Huatai S3” and “241798.SH”,



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on November 12, 2025.



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
On December 6, 2024, the Company publicly issued the 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
Securities (Third Tranche) (Type I) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB6.0
billion at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 182-day fixed rates with a coupon rate of 1.75%. Such
bonds were listed for trading on December 16, 2024. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “24
Huatai S4” and “242117.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading
came to RMB6.0 billion with the trading to be ended on June 9, 2025.

On December 20, 2024, the Company publicly issued the 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
Securities (Fourth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.0 billion




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 243-day fixed rates with a coupon rate of 1.67%. Such bonds
were listed for trading on December 30, 2024. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “24 Huatai
S6” and “242135.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to
RMB3.0 billion with the trading to be ended on August 22, 2025.

2. Perpetual subordinated bonds

On November 22, 2024, the Company publicly issued the 2024 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai
Securities (First Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.6 billion at
an issue price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 2.39% during the first 5 interest-bearing years, with
every 5 interest-bearing years as a repricing cycle. The issuer has the right to choose to extend the term



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
of the bonds by 1 repricing cycle (that is, to extend it by 5 years) or choose to settle the payment for the
bonds in full at the end of each repricing cycle. Such bonds were listed for trading on December 2, 2024. The
abbreviation and code of the bonds were “24 Huatai Y1” and “242041.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.6 billion.

3. Offshore bonds

During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement its working capital and repay its debt financing
instruments, Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, issued the medium-
term notes of approximately USD593 million in aggregate. Huatai International provided unconditional and
irrevocable guarantee for the medium term note program.

4. Structured notes

The Company cumulatively issued 2,891 structured notes, with a total amount of RMB32.061 billion in 2024.
As of December 31, 2024, the Company had 372 structured notes in duration period, with an amount of




                                                                                                                 217
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          RMB20.241 billion.

          (II) Changes in total number of the shares and shareholding structure of the
          Company and changes in structure of assets and liabilities of the Company

          Please refer to “Changes in Share Capital” in this section for the details of changes in total number of the
          shares and shareholding structure of the Company.

          Please refer to “Analysis of assets and liabilities” under “Major Operations during the Reporting Period”
          in “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report” of this report for the details of changes in
          structure of assets and liabilities of the Company.

          (III) No Existing Shares held by employees during the Reporting Period


          III. INFORMATION OF SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS
          (I) Total number of shareholders

          Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting
                                                                                                              241,442
          Period

          Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month prior to
                                                                                                              225,362
          the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed

          Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose rights have been restored
                                                                                                                    –
          as of the end of the Reporting Period

          Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose voting rights have been
          restored as of the end of last month prior to the date on which the annual report                         –
          shall be disclosed


          Among the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period,
          shareholders of A Shares came to 235,072 and registered shareholders of H Shares came to 6,370. Among
          the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month (February 28, 2025) prior
          to the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed, shareholders of A Shares came to 219,021 and
          registered shareholders of H Shares came to 6,341.




218
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(II) Shareholding of top ten shareholders and top ten holders of tradable shares (or
holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions) as of the end of the Reporting
Period

                                                                                                         Unit: Shares
            Shareholding of top ten shareholders (excluding lent shares by way of refinancing)
                         Increase/   Number of                Number of     Pledged, marked or
                         decrease shares held as            shares held        frozen shares
Name of shareholder                              Percentage                                              Nature of
                        during the at the end of                 subject
(in full name)                                          (%)                                            shareholder
                        Reporting the Reporting                to selling   Statusof   Number of


                                                                                                                                 About Us
                            Period        Period             restrictions     shares      shares
Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                                                                     State-owned
Investment Group                –    1,373,481,636      15.21          –         Nil             –
                                                                                                      legal person
Limited

HKSCC Nominees                                                                                       Foreign legal
                          366,600 1,266,429,848        14.03           –         Nil             –
Limited                                                                                                    person

Hong Kong
                                                                                                     Foreign legal
Securities Clearing    193,750,761   540,003,793        5.98           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                           person

                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Company Limited

Jiangsu
                                                                                                     State-owned


                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Communications                  –    489,065,418        5.42           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                      legal person
Holding Co., Ltd.

Govtor Capital                                                                                       State-owned
                          318,000    356,233,206        3.95           –         Nil             –
Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                       legal person

Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                     State-owned
Holdings Group Co.,             –    277,873,788        3.08           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                      legal person
Ltd.




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
China Securities
Finance                         –    152,906,738         1.69          –         Nil             –      Unknown
Corporation Limited

Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                     State-owned
International Group             –     135,838,367        1.50          –         Nil             –
                                                                                                      legal person
Corp.

                                                                                               Domestic
Jiangsu Hiteker                                                                               non-state-
                                –      123,169,146       1.36          – Unknown 123,169,146
High-tech Co., Ltd.                                                                          owned legal
                                                                                                 person



                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Hangzhou                                                                                             Domestic
Haoyue Enterprise                                                                                   non-state-
                      -168,119,652    100,079,581         1.11         –         Nil             –
Management Co.,                                                                                    owned legal



                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Ltd.[Note]                                                                                             person




                                                                                                                        219
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           Shareholding of top ten holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions (excluding lent shares by way
                                                        of refinancing)

                                                Number of tradable                Class and number of shares
          Name of shareholder                  shares not subject to
                                                 selling restrictions Class                                     Number

          Jiangsu Guoxin Investment                                     Ordinary shares in RMB             1,271,072,836
                                                        1,373,481,636
          Group Limited                                                 Overseas listed foreign shares     102,408,800

          HKSCC Nominees Limited                       1,266,429,848 Overseas listed foreign shares       1,266,429,848

          Hong Kong Securities Clearing
                                                        540,003,793 Ordinary shares in RMB                 540,003,793
          Company Limited


          Jiangsu Communications                                        Ordinary shares in RMB             452,065,418
                                                        489,065,418
          Holding Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Overseas listed foreign shares      37,000,000

                                                                        Ordinary shares in RMB             342,028,006
          Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                356,233,206
                                                                        Overseas listed foreign shares         14,205,200

          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group                                   Ordinary shares in RMB              76,460,788
                                                         277,873,788
          Co., Ltd.                                                     Overseas listed foreign shares      201,413,000

          China Securities Finance
                                                         152,906,738 Ordinary shares in RMB                152,906,738
          Corporation Limited

          Jiangsu SOHO International                                    Ordinary shares in RMB                 41,132,567
                                                         135,838,367
          Group Corp.                                                   Overseas listed foreign shares      94,705,800

          Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co.,
                                                          123,169,146 Ordinary shares in RMB                   123,169,146
          Ltd.

          Hangzhou Haoyue Enterprise
                                                         100,079,581 Ordinary shares in RMB                 100,079,581
          Management Co., Ltd.

          Description of special
          repurchase accounts for the top      There are no special repurchase accounts for the top ten shareholders.
          ten shareholders

          Description of the voting
          rights entrusted by the above
          shareholders, the voting rights      There are no voting rights entrusted by the above shareholders, the
          the above shareholders are           voting rights the above shareholders are entrusted with and the voting
          entrusted with and the voting        rights the above shareholders abstained from.
          rights the above shareholders
          abstained from

                                               Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital and Jiangsu
                                               SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. are wholly owned by Jiangsu SASAC.
                                               Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. is the controlling shareholder
          Description of the related party
                                               of Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. Apart from the above,
          relationships or acting in concert
                                               the Company is not aware of any related party relationship among
          among the above shareholders
                                               other shareholders or whether such shareholders are parties acting
                                               in concert as specified in the Regulations on the Takeover of Listed
                                               Companies.

          Explanation of shareholders of
          preferred shares with restored
                                               There are no shareholders of preferred shares of the Company.
          voting rights and the number of
          shares held by them




220
Notes:
                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
1. The class of shareholders of ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares) represents the class of accounts held by them registered with Shanghai Branch
of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.
2. Among the holders of overseas listed foreign shares (H Shares) of the Company, shares of non-registered shareholders are held by HKSCC
Nominees Limited on their behalf. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital, Jiangsu SOHO
Holdings Group Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. acquired, via Southbound Trading, 102,408,800, 37,000,000, 14,205,200,
201,413,000 and 94,705,800 H Shares of the Company, respectively, which are also being held by HKSCC Nominees Limited. These shares are
specifically and separately listed at the time of disclosure of this report; should such shares be included, the actual number of shares held by
HKSCC Nominees Limited on their behalf would have been 1,716,162,648, representing approximately 19.01% of the Company’s total shares.
3. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominal holder of the A Shares of the Company held by the investors in Northbound
Trading under Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.
4. Citibank, National Association is the depositary of the Company’s GDRs, and the domestic underlying A Shares represented by the GDRs are
legally registered under its name. According to the statistics provided by the depositary, the Company had a total of 105,941 GDRs in the duration


                                                                                                                                                              About Us
period as of the end of the Reporting Period, accounting for approximately 0.13% of the approved number for issuance by the CSRC.
5. Alibaba (China) Technology Co., Ltd. held 268,199,233 A Shares of the Company as at the end of 2023 and reassigned the entire A Shares of
the Company held by it into the name of Hangzhou Haoyue Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., a subordinate company of Alibaba Group Holding
Limited, by way of spin-off and transfer in January 2024.




Lent shares by way of refinancing by shareholders holding 5% or more of the shares, top ten shareholders
and top ten shareholders of tradable shares not subject to selling restrictions are as follows:
                                                                                                                                      Unit: Shares

        Lent shares by way of refinancing by shareholders holding 5% or more of the shares, top ten shareholders

                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                      and top ten shareholders of tradable shares not subject to selling restrictions

                           Total number of


                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                         shares held through             Lent shares by way           Total number of shares   Lent shares by way
                        ordinary account and             of refinancing and            held through ordinary   of refinancing and
                         credit account as at             outstanding as at              account and credit   outstanding as at the
                         the beginning of the           the beginning of the         account as at the end of end of the Reporting
                           Reporting Period               Reporting Period              the Reporting Period          Period

Name of
                             Total Percentage               Total      Percentage           Total     Percentage          Total Percentage
shareholder (in
                           number          (%)            number               (%)        number              (%)       number          (%)




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
full name)
Govtor Capital
                         341,710,006         3.7655 318,000            0.0035         342,028,006 3.7888                        –              –
Group Co., Ltd.

Note: Total number of shares presented in the above table is the total number of shares held by such shareholder through A shares ordinary
securities account and A shares credit securities account, excluding the number of H Shares of the Company held by it.




During the Reporting Period, there was no addition or withdrawal in the top ten shareholders and top ten
shareholders of tradable shares not subject to selling restrictions of the Company due to shares lent or
returned by refinancing.




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                     221
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Number of shares held by top ten holders of shares subject to selling restrictions and relevant selling
          restrictions:
                                                                                                                                                      Unit: Shares
                                                                        Listing and trading of shares
                                                     Number
                                                                        subject to selling restrictions
                                                    of shares
                  Name of holders of             held subject                            Number of additional
                  shares subject to                 to selling Permitted time for          shares permitted to
          No.     selling restrictions            restrictions listing and trading        be listed and traded Selling restrictions

          1       Zhou Yi                               244,800           See note for details –                                      See note for details

          2       Han Zhencong                          204,000           See note for details –                                      See note for details

          3       Sun Hanlin                            204,000           See note for details –                                      See note for details

          4       Jiang Jian                            204,000           See note for details –                                      See note for details

          5       Zhang Hui                             204,000           See note for details –                                      See note for details

          6       Chen Tianxiang                        204,000           See note for details –                                      See note for details

          7       Jiao Xiaoning                          170,000          See note for details –                                      See note for details

          8       Jiao Kai                               170,000          See note for details –                                      See note for details

          9       Wang Chong                             170,000          See note for details –                                      See note for details

                  Incentive
                  participants
                  granted under the
                  Restricted Share
          10                                              68,000          See note for details –                                      See note for details
                  Incentive Scheme
                  of A Shares of
                  the Company (16
                  individuals)

          Description of the related party
                                                                      The Company is not aware of any related party relationship or
          relationships or acting in concert
                                                                      acting in concert arrangement.
          among the above shareholders

          Notes: 1. The above shares subject to selling restrictions represent the shares granted by the Company to the incentive participants due to the
          implementation of incentive scheme of restricted A Shares.
          2. Details of listing and trading of shares subject to selling restrictions and selling restrictions are available in the Incentive Scheme of Restricted
          A Shares disclosed by the Company on the website of the SSE on February 9, 2021.



          As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were totally 16 incentive participants who held 68,000 restricted
          A Shares, and were listed as the tenth shareholder subject to selling restrictions.




222
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(III) A strategic investor or common legal person who became one of the top ten
shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any strategic investor or common legal person who
became one of the top ten shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them.



IV. CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

(I) Controlling Shareholders

There are no controlling shareholders with more than 50% shareholding of the Company.                                                                                                                                                         About Us


(II) De facto controllers

1. Legal Person

                                                                                 State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
Name                                                                             Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government

Person in charge or legal representative of the unit                             Xie Zhengyi


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
2. Framework of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and the de
facto Controllers




                                                                                                                                     State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government
                             15.2148%                     Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited                            100%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                             5.4176%                     Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd.                            100%




                             3.9462%                             Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                              100%




Huatai Securities Co.,Ltd.
                             3.0781%


                             1.5048%     Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.          75.08%
                                                                                                    Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                  Holdings Group Co.,        100%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
                             0.1233%    Jiangsu Suhui Assets Management Co., Ltd.        100%             Ltd.

                                             Jiangsu SOHO Xinzhi Group., Ltd.
                                              （江蘇省蘇豪新智集團有限公司）
                             0.0410%                                                     100%




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
                             0.1329%                                                                Jiangsu Coast
                                                                                                  Development Group          100%
                             0.1959%    Jiangsu Coast Development Investment Co., Ltd.   100%           Co., Ltd.



Note: During the Reporting Period, the name of Jiangsu Overseas Group Co., Ltd. was changed to Jiangsu SOHO Xinzhi Group Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     223
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. De facto controllers did not control the Company through trust or other asset management
          programs



          V. DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD, THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES
          WHERE THE CUMULATIVE NUMBER OF SHARES PLEDGED BY THE
          CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OR THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER AND
          PERSONS ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THEM ACCOUNTED FOR MORE
          THAN 80% OF THE COMPANY’S SHARES HELD BY THEM


          VI. OTHER LEGAL-PERSON SHAREHOLDERS WITH MORE THAN 10%
          SHAREHOLDING
                                                                                     Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                          Person in
          Name of      charge or legal
          legal-person representative     Date of                            Registered Main businesses or
          shareholder    of the unit   establishment     Organization code    capital management activities

                                                                                      Investment, management,
                                                                                      operation, transfer of state-
          Jiangsu
                                                                                      owned capital; enterprise
          Guoxin                         February 22,
                           Dong Liang                   91320000735724800G     500    trusteeship, assets restructuring,
          Investment                        2002
                                                                                      management consultation, house
          Group Limited
                                                                                      leasing and other businesses
                                                                                      upon approval.

                          Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are owned by the non-registered holders of H
          Remarks
                          Shares.




          VII. THERE WERE NO RESTRICTIONS ON SHAREHOLDING REDUCTION
          DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD




224
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
VIII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE IN THE
REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                      Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

Name of share repurchase
                                Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
plan

Restricted A Shares             March 31, 2023

Date of share repurchase

                                                                                                                          About Us
                                April 13, 2024
plan disclosed

Number of shares
                                The total number of the Restricted Shares to be repurchased and cancelled
repurchased and
                                for this time is 2,082,559, representing approximately 0.02% of the total
percentage to the total share
                                share capital of the Company as at April 13, 2024
capital

Amount of repurchase
                                15,348,459.83
(Yuan)



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Period of repurchase            September 20, 2024

Purpose of repurchase           Cancellation



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Number of shares
                                2,082,559
repurchased (shares)

Number of shares
repurchased as a
percentage of the underlying    4.58%
shares under the stock
incentive plan




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Progress of the Company
to reduce shareholding of
                                N/A
shares repurchased through
centralized price bidding




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 225
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IX. SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
          AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
          As of December 31, 2024, as far as the Company and the Directors are aware after having made all
          reasonable enquiries, the following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the
          Company) held interests or short positions in shares or underlying shares which shall be disclosed to the
          Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and were recorded in the register
          required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                              Percentage of Long position (Note
                                                                                                       Percentage of      the total issued A  2)/ short position
                 Number of                                                                            the total issued    Shares/ H Shares     (Note 3)/ shares
                 substantial                                                    Number of shares         shares of the     of the Company          available for
           No.   shareholders        Class of shares   Nature of interests         held (share)         Company (%)                      (%)            lending


                                     A Shares          Beneficial owner               1,271,072,836             14.08                 17.39       Long position
                 Jiangsu Guoxin
           1     Investment          H Shares
                 Group Limited       (Southbound       Beneficial owner               102,408,800                 1.13                5.96        Long position
                                     Trading)

                                   A Shares            Beneficial owner               452,065,418                 5.01                 6.19       Long position
                 Jiangsu
           2     Communications H Shares
                 Holding Co., Ltd. (Southbound         Beneficial owner                37,000,000                 0.41                 2.15       Long position
                                   Trading)

                                                       Beneficial owner                76,460,788                0.85                  1.05       Long position

                                     A Shares          Interests of
                                                       controlled                      44,832,567                0.50                  0.61       Long position
                 Jiangsu SOHO                          corporations
           3     Holdings Group
                 Co., Ltd.                             Beneficial owner                201,413,000               2.23                 11.72       Long position
                                     H Shares
                                     (Southbound       Interests of
                                     Trading)          controlled                     105,835,800                  1.17                6.16       Long position
                                                       corporations


          Notes:
          1. Under Section 336 of the SFO, forms disclosing interests shall be submitted by shareholders of the Company upon satisfaction of certain
          conditions. Changes of shareholders’ shareholdings in the Company are not required to inform the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange unless certain conditions are satisfied. Therefore, there could be differences between substantial shareholders’ latest shareholdings in
          the Company and the shareholding information reported to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. directly held a long position in 76,460,788 A Shares and 201,413,000 H Shares of the Company, and,
          through its controlled corporation (namely Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. ( 江 蘇 蘇 豪 國 際 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司 )), indirectly held a long
          position in 41,132,567 A Shares and 94,705,800 H Shares of the Company; through its controlled corporation (namely Jiangsu SOHO Xinzhi Group
          Co., Ltd.), indirectly held a long position in 3,700,000 A Shares of the Company; through its controlled corporation (namely Jiangsu Suhui Assets
          Management Co., Ltd.), indirectly held a long position in 11,130,000 H Shares of the Company.
          2. A shareholder has a “long position” if such shareholder has interests in shares, including interests through holding, writing or issuing financial
          instruments (including derivatives), under which such shareholder (1) has a right to purchase the underlying shares; (2) is under an obligation to
          purchase the underlying shares; (3) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying shares increases; or (4) has a right to avoid or
          reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares increases.
          3. A shareholder has a “short position” if such shareholder borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending agreement, or holds, writes
          or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder (1) has a right to require another person to purchase the
          underlying shares; (2) is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (3) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying
          shares declines; or (4) has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares declines.
          Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the
          Company) having any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as at December 31, 2024, which shall be
          recorded in the register pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




226
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
X. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS
AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of the end of the Reporting Period, details on the shares held by the Director(s) of the Company due to
the Company’s implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares are as follows:

                                                                                  Percentage of
                                                               Percentage of     the total issued   Long position/

                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                 Number of    the total issued       A Shares/ H    short position/
               Class of                         shares held      shares of the      Shares of the shares available
No. Name       shares     Nature of interests       (share)     Company (%)        Company (%)         for lending


1    Zhou Yi   A Shares   Beneficial owner         720,000              0.008              0.010     Long position


Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2024, the Company was not aware of any other Directors,
Supervisors or chief executives of the Company having any interests or short positions in the shares,


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations, which shall be notified
to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests or short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the

                                                                                                                             and Strategies
SFO) or which would be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register of
interests, or which shall, pursuant to the Model Code, be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.



XI. REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES



                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Save as the repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares stated in “Specific
Implementation of Share Repurchase in the Reporting Period” in this section of this report and “Share
Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other Employee Incentives Measures and Their
Implication” under “Corporate Governance” in this report, the Company and its subsidiaries have not
repurchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company and its subsidiaries during the
Reporting Period (including sales of treasury shares (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules)).

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
XII. ARRANGEMENT FOR DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS TO PURCHASE
SHARES OR DEBENTURES


                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Save for the incentive plan stated in “Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other
Employee Incentives Measures and Their Implication” under “Corporate Governance” in this report, at no
time during the Reporting Period has the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries or fellow
subsidiaries, entered into any arrangements to enable the Directors and Supervisors to acquire benefits by
means of the purchase of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other corporate bodies.



XIII. THE COMPANY HAD NO PREFERRED SHARES




                                                                                                                      227
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          BONDS




          I. CORPORATE BONDS (INCLUDING ENTERPRISE BONDS) AND NON-
          FINANCIAL CORPORATE DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS

          (I) During the Reporting Period, the Company had no enterprise bonds

          (II) Corporate Bonds

          1. Basic information on corporate bonds

          Information on corporate bonds of the Company in duration as at the date on which the annual report was
          approved to publish is as follows:


                                                                                                                                                   Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                                                                 Arrangements
                                                                                                               Principal and                                     for investors’
                                                                                Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead           Entrusted    appropriateness   Trading
          Name of bond       Abbreviation    Code     Issue date   Value date        date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter    manager      (if any)          mechanism

          2020 Corporate                                                                                       Interest to be paid   Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually and one-     United
                                                                                                                                                                                   Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                      off payment of        Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                   one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                        principal upon        Shenwan        Shenwan
                              20 Huatai     163482.                                                                                                              For qualified     order, price-
          Issued to                                   2020-4-27    2020-4-29    2025-4-29         35      2.90 expiration with the   Hongyuan       Hongyuan
                                    G3          SH                                                                                                               investors         enquiry,
          Qualified                                                                                            last instalment of    Financing      Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                   bidding and
          Investors                                                                                            interest to be paid   Services,
                                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
          (Second                                                                                              together with the     CICC, CDB
          tranche)                                                                                             principal payment     Securities

                                                                                                               Interest to be paid   Huatai
          2020 Corporate
                                                                                                               annually and one-     United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                          Matching,
                                                                                                               off payment of        Securities,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                          one-click-
                                                                                                               principal upon        Shenwan        Shenwan
          Ltd. Publicly       20 Huatai     163558.                                                                                                              For qualified     order, price-
                                                      2020-5-19     2020-5-21   2025-5-21         30      3.20 expiration with the   Hongyuan       Hongyuan
          Issued to                 G4          SH                                                                                                               investors         enquiry,
                                                                                                               last instalment of    Financing      Securities
          Qualified                                                                                                                                                                bidding and
                                                                                                               interest to be paid   Services,
          Investors (Third                                                                                                                                                         negotiating
                                                                                                               together with the     CICC, CDB
          tranche)
                                                                                                               principal payment     Securities




228
                                                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                                                          Arrangements
                                                                                                         Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                          Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond        Abbreviation     Code     Issue date    Value date         date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

2020                                                                                                     Interest to be paid
Subordinated                                                                                             annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                          principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
                                    175409.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly       20 Huatai C1               2020-11-11    2020-11-13   2025-11-13        50      4.48 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
                                        SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                                last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Professional                                                                                             interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                         together with the     CICC
tranche)                                                                                                 principal payment


                                                                                                                                                                                                      About Us
2021                                                                                                     Interest to be paid
Subordinated                                                                                             annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                          principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                          For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly       21 Huatai C1 175721.SH     2021-1-27     2021-1-29    2026-1-29         90      4.50 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                          investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                                last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Professional                                                                                             interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                         together with the     CICC
tranche)                                                                                                 principal payment

                                                                                                         Interest to be paid
2021 Corporate
                                                                                                         annually and one-     Huatai



                                                                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                         off payment of        United
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                              one-click-
                                                                                                         principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
Ltd. Publicly                       188106.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
                    21 Huatai G4               2021-5-13     2021-5-17    2026-5-17         60      3.71 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
Issued to                               SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,



                                                                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                                                                                                         last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
Professional                                                                                                                                                                 bidding and
                                                                                                         interest to be paid   Securities,
Investors (Third                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
                                                                                                         together with the     CICC
tranche)
                                                                                                         principal payment

2021 Corporate                                                                                           Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                          off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                            principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
                                    188140.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
Issued to         21 Huatai G6                2021-5-20      2021-5-24    2026-5-24         20      3.63 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
                                        SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                             last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Investors (Fourth                                                                                        interest to be paid   Securities,




                                                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                           together with the     CICC
II)                                                                                                      principal payment

2021 Corporate
                                                                                                         Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                         annually and one-     Huatai
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                              Matching,
                                                                                                         off payment of        United
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                                                                one-click-
                                                                                                         principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
Issued to                           188325.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
                     21 Huatai 12              2021-9-3       2021-9-7     2031-9-7         27      3.78 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
Professional                            SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                         last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
Investors                                                                                                                                                                    bidding and
                                                                                                         interest to be paid   Securities,
(Seventh                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
                                                                                                         together with the     CICC
tranche) (Type
                                                                                                         principal payment
II)

2021 Perpetual
Subordinated                                                                                             Interest to be paid




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          annually under the
                                                                                                                               Huatai                                        one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                          condition that the
                                    188785.                                                                                    United                     For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly        21 Huatai Y1              2021-9-15     2021-9-17          N/A         30      3.85 issuer does not                     CICC
                                        SH                                                                                     Securities,                investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                                exercise the right
                                                                                                                               CICC                                          bidding and
Professional                                                                                             to defer interest




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                         payments
tranche)

2021 Corporate                                                                                           Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                          annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                          off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                             one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                            principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
                                    188875.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
Issued to           21 Huatai 14              2021-10-14     2021-10-18   2031-10-18        34      3.99 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
                                        SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                             last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
                                                                                                                                                                             bidding and
Investors (Eighth                                                                                        interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                             negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                           together with the     CICC
II)                                                                                                      principal payment




                                                                                                                                                                                             229
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                   Arrangements
                                                                                                                  Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                                   Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond        Abbreviation    Code     Issue date    Value date         date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

          2021 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-     Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of        United
                                                                                                                                                                                      one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan
                                             188927.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
          Issued to           21 Huatai 16             2021-10-21    2021-10-25    2031-10-25         11     3.94 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan
                                                 SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                            last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                      bidding and
          Investors (Ninth                                                                                        interest to be paid   Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
          tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the     CICC
          II)                                                                                                     principal payment

          2021 Perpetual
          Subordinated
                                                                                                                  Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
                                                                                                                  annually under the
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Huatai                                        one-click-
                                                                                                                  condition that the
          Ltd. Publicly                      188942.                                                                                    United                     For professional   order, price-
                              21 Huatai Y2             2021-10-26    2021-10-28          N/A         50      4.00 issuer does not                     CICC
          Issued to                              SH                                                                                     Securities,                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                  exercise the right
          Professional                                                                                                                  CICC                                          bidding and
                                                                                                                  to defer interest
          Investors                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
                                                                                                                  payments
          (Second
          tranche)

          2021 Perpetual
          Subordinated                                                                                            Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually under the
                                                                                                                                        Huatai                                        one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                         condition that the
                                             185019.                                                                                    United                     For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly       21 Huatai Y3              2021-11-16    2021-11-18         N/A         20      3.80 issuer does not                     CICC
                                                 SH                                                                                     Securities,                investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                               exercise the right
                                                                                                                                        CICC                                          bidding and
          Professional                                                                                            to defer interest
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
          Investors (Third                                                                                        payments
          tranche)

          2022 Perpetual
          Subordinated                                                                                            Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                                                                      Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually under the
                                                                                                                                        Huatai                                        one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                         condition that the
                                             185337.                                                                                    United                     For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly       22 Huatai Y1             2022-1-24      2022-1-26          N/A         27      3.49 issuer does not                     CICC
                                                 SH                                                                                     Securities,                investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                               exercise the right
                                                                                                                                        CICC                                          bidding and
          Professional                                                                                            to defer interest
                                                                                                                                                                                      negotiating
          Investors (First                                                                                        payments
          tranche)

          2022 Perpetual
          Subordinated
                                                                                                                  Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
                                                                                                                  annually under the
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Huatai                                        one-click-
                                                                                                                  condition that the
          Ltd. Publicly                      185388.                                                                                    United                     For professional   order, price-
                              22 Huatai Y2              2022-7-7      2022-7-11          N/A         30      3.59 issuer does not                     CICC
          Issued to                              SH                                                                                     Securities,                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                  exercise the right
          Professional                                                                                                                  CICC                                          bidding and
                                                                                                                  to defer interest
          Investors                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
                                                                                                                  payments
          (Second
          tranche)

                                                                                                                                        Huatai
                                                                                                                                        United
                                                                                                                  Interest to be paid
          2022 Corporate                                                                                                                Securities,
                                                                                                                  annually and one-
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               CICC,                                         Matching,
                                                                                                                  off payment of
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Shenwan                                       one-click-
                                                                                                                  principal upon
          Ltd. Publicly         22 Huatai    137780.                                                                                    Hongyuan                   For professional   order, price-
                                                        2022-9-1      2022-9-5      2025-9-5         20      2.52 expiration with the                 CICC
          Issued to                   G4         SH                                                                                     Securities,                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                  last instalment of
          Professional                                                                                                                  China                                         bidding and
                                                                                                                  interest to be paid
          Investors (Fourth                                                                                                             Industrial                                    negotiating
                                                                                                                  together with the
          tranche)                                                                                                                      Securities,
                                                                                                                  principal payment
                                                                                                                                        Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                                        Securities

                                                                                                                                        Huatai
                                                                                                                                        United
                                                                                                                  Interest to be paid
          2022 Corporate                                                                                                                Securities,
                                                                                                                  annually and one-
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               CICC,                                         Matching,
                                                                                                                  off payment of
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Shenwan                                       one-click-
                                                                                                                  principal upon
          Ltd. Publicly         22 Huatai    137814.                                                                                    Hongyuan                   For professional   order, price-
                                                        2022-9-8      2022-9-13    2025-9-13         30      2.50 expiration with the                 CICC
          Issued to                   G5         SH                                                                                     Securities,                investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                  last instalment of
          Professional                                                                                                                  China                                         bidding and
                                                                                                                  interest to be paid
          Investors (Fifth                                                                                                              Industrial                                    negotiating
                                                                                                                  together with the
          tranche)                                                                                                                      Securities,
                                                                                                                  principal payment
                                                                                                                                        Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                                        Securities




230
                                                                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                                                        Arrangements
                                                                                                        Principal and                                   for investors’
                                                                         Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted   appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond        Abbreviation     Code     Issue date   Value date         date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager     (if any)           mechanism

2022 Perpetual
Subordinated                                                                                            Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                                                           Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually under the
                                                                                                                              Huatai                                       one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                         condition that the
                                    137604.                                                                                   United                    For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly       22 Huatai Y3              2022-10-19   2022-10-21          N/A         35      3.20 issuer does not                     CICC
                                        SH                                                                                    Securities,               investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                               exercise the right
                                                                                                                              CICC                                         bidding and
Professional                                                                                            to defer interest
                                                                                                                                                                           negotiating
Investors (Third                                                                                        payments
tranche)


                                                                                                                                                                                                    About Us
                                                                                                                              Huatai
                                                                                                                              United
2022 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              Securities,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                        Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of
                                                                                                                              Shenwan                                      one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                                    138598.                                                                                   Hongyuan                  For professional   order, price-
Issued to        22 Huatai G7                 2022-11-17    2022-11-21   2027-11-21        14      3.18 expiration with the                 CICC
                                        SH                                                                                    Securities,               investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              China                                        bidding and
Investors (Sixth                                                                                        interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              Industrial                                   negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Securities,
II)                                                                                                     principal payment
                                                                                                                              Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                              Securities



                                                                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                              Huatai
                                                                                                                              United
2022 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid



                                                                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
                                                                                                                              Securities,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                        Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of
                                                                                                                              Shenwan                                      one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                                    138709.                                                                                   Hongyuan                  For professional   order, price-
Issued to           22 Huatai 10              2022-12-8    2022-12-12    2025-12-12        20      3.35 expiration with the                 CICC
                                        SH                                                                                    Securities,               investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              China                                        bidding and
Investors (Eighth                                                                                       interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              Industrial                                   negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Securities,
I)                                                                                                      principal payment
                                                                                                                              Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                              Securities

                                                                                                                              Huatai




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                              United
2022 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              Securities,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                        Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of
                                                                                                                              Shenwan                                      one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                                    138710.                                                                                   Hongyuan                  For professional   order, price-
Issued to            22 Huatai 11             2022-12-8    2022-12-12    2027-12-12         5      3.49 expiration with the                 CICC
                                        SH                                                                                    Securities,               investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              China                                        bidding and
Investors (Eighth                                                                                       interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              Industrial                                   negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Securities,
II)                                                                                                     principal payment
                                                                                                                              Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                              Securities

                                                                                                                              Huatai
2023 Corporate                                                                                                                United
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               Securities,
                                                                                                        annually and one-
Securities Co.,                                                                                                               CICC,                                        Matching,




                                                                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                                                                                                        off payment of
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                 Shenwan                                      one-click-
                                                                                                        principal upon
Issued to             23 Huatai     138845.                                                                                   Hongyuan                  For professional   order, price-
                                               2023-1-12    2023-1-16    2028-1-16         20      3.48 expiration with the                 CICC
Professional                G3          SH                                                                                    Securities,               investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of
Investors                                                                                                                     China                                        bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid
(Second                                                                                                                       Industrial                                   negotiating




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                        together with the
tranche) (Type                                                                                                                Securities,
                                                                                                        principal payment
II)                                                                                                                           Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                              Securities

                                                                                                                              Huatai
                                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid
2023 Corporate                                                                                                                Securities,
                                                                                                        annually and one-
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                               CICC,                                        Matching,
                                                                                                        off payment of
Securities Co.,                                                                                                               Shenwan                                      one-click-
                                                                                                        principal upon
Ltd. Publicly         23 Huatai     138857.                                                                                   Hongyuan                  For professional   order, price-
                                               2023-2-2     2023-2-6      2026-2-6         45      3.23 expiration with the                 CICC
Issued to                   G4          SH                                                                                    Securities,               investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        last instalment of
Professional                                                                                                                  China                                        bidding and
                                                                                                        interest to be paid
Investors (Third                                                                                                              Industrial                                   negotiating
                                                                                                        together with the
tranche)                                                                                                                      Securities,
                                                                                                        principal payment
                                                                                                                              Kaiyuan
                                                                                                                              Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                           231
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                Arrangements
                                                                                                                Principal and                                   for investors’
                                                                                 Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted   appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond        Abbreviation    Code     Issue date   Value date        date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager     (if any)           mechanism

                                                                                                                                      Huatai
                                                                                                                Interest to be paid
          2023 Corporate                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                                annually and one-
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                             Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                                off payment of
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                             CICC,                                        one-click-
                                                                                                                principal upon
          Ltd. Publicly         23 Huatai    138886.                                                                                  Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
                                                        2023-2-9     2023-2-13   2028-2-13         40      3.39 expiration with the                 CICC
          Issued to                   G5         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                last instalment of
          Professional                                                                                                                Securities,                                  bidding and
                                                                                                                interest to be paid
          Investors (Fourth                                                                                                           China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                                together with the
          tranche)                                                                                                                    Industrial
                                                                                                                principal payment
                                                                                                                                      Securities

                                                                                                                                      Huatai
          2023 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one-
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                       off payment of
                                                                                                                                      CICC,                                        one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                         principal upon
                                23 Huatai    138915.                                                                                  Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
          Issued to                                    2023-2-23    2023-2-27    2026-2-27         15      3.14 expiration with the                 CICC
                                      G6         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                          last instalment of
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  bidding and
          Investors (Fifth                                                                                      interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      China                                        negotiating
          tranche) (Type                                                                                        together with the
                                                                                                                                      Industrial
          I)                                                                                                    principal payment
                                                                                                                                      Securities

                                                                                                                                      Huatai
          2023 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one-
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                       off payment of
                                                                                                                                      CICC,                                        one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                         principal upon
                                23 Huatai    138916.                                                                                  Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
          Issued to                                    2023-2-23    2023-2-27    2028-2-27         22      3.36 expiration with the                 CICC
                                      G7         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                          last instalment of
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  bidding and
          Investors (Fifth                                                                                      interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      China                                        negotiating
          tranche) (Type                                                                                        together with the
                                                                                                                                      Industrial
          II)                                                                                                   principal payment
                                                                                                                                      Securities

                                                                                                                                      Huatai
          2023 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one-
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                       off payment of
                                                                                                                                      CICC,                                        one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                         principal upon
                                23 Huatai    115346.                                                                                  Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
          Issued to                                     2023-5-8     2023-5-10   2025-7-10         17      2.82 expiration with the                 CICC
                                      G8         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                          last instalment of
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  bidding and
          Investors (Sixth                                                                                      interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      China                                        negotiating
          tranche) (Type                                                                                        together with the
                                                                                                                                      Industrial
          I)                                                                                                    principal payment
                                                                                                                                      Securities

                                                                                                                                      Huatai
          2023 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one-
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                       off payment of
                                                                                                                                      CICC,                                        one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                         principal upon
                                23 Huatai    115347.                                                                                  Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
          Issued to                                     2023-5-8     2023-5-10   2028-5-10          7      3.07 expiration with the                 CICC
                                      G9         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                          last instalment of
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  bidding and
          Investors (Sixth                                                                                      interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      China                                        negotiating
          tranche) (Type                                                                                        together with the
                                                                                                                                      Industrial
          II)                                                                                                   principal payment
                                                                                                                                      Securities

                                                                                                                                      Huatai
          2023 Corporate                                                                                        Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually and one-
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                       off payment of
                                                                                                                                      CICC,                                        one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                         principal upon
                                             115367.                                                                                  Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
          Issued to           23 Huatai 10             2023-8-22    2023-8-24    2026-8-24         20      2.64 expiration with the                 CICC
                                                 SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                          last instalment of
                                                                                                                                      Securities,                                  bidding and
          Investors                                                                                             interest to be paid
                                                                                                                                      China                                        negotiating
          (Seventh                                                                                              together with the
                                                                                                                                      Industrial
          tranche)                                                                                              principal payment
                                                                                                                                      Securities

          2023 Perpetual                                                                                                              Huatai
          Subordinated                                                                                          Interest to be paid   United
                                                                                                                                                                                   Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                       annually under the    Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                   one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                       condition that the    CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly       23 Huatai Y1 115931.SH    2023-9-6     2023-9-8          N/A         25      3.46 issuer does not       Shenwan       CICC
                                                                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                             exercise the right    Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                   bidding and
          Professional                                                                                          to defer interest     Securities,
                                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
          Investors (First                                                                                      payments              CDB
          tranche)                                                                                                                    Securities




232
                                                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                                                         Arrangements
                                                                                                        Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                         Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond        Abbreviation      Code     Issue date   Value date        date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

                                                                                                                              Huatai
2023 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                         one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                                     115368.                                                                                  Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
Issued to            23 Huatai 11              2023-9-19     2023-9-21   2026-9-21         25      2.89 expiration with the                 CICC
                                         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   bidding and
Investors (Eighth                                                                                       interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              China                                         negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Industrial
I)                                                                                                      principal payment

                                                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                                                                              Securities

                                                                                                                              Huatai
2023 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                         one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                                    240068.                                                                                   Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
Issued to           23 Huatai 13               2023-10-12   2023-10-16   2025-10-16        10      2.80 expiration with the                 CICC
                                        SH                                                                                    Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   bidding and
Investors (Ninth                                                                                        interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              China                                         negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Industrial
I)                                                                                                      principal payment
                                                                                                                              Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                              Huatai
2023 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of



                                                                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                         one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                                    240069.                                                                                   Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
Issued to           23 Huatai 14               2023-10-12   2023-10-16   2033-10-16        16      3.35 expiration with the                 CICC
                                        SH                                                                                    Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   bidding and
Investors (Ninth                                                                                        interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              China                                         negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Industrial
II)                                                                                                     principal payment
                                                                                                                              Securities

2023 Perpetual
Subordinated
                                                                                                        Interest to be paid   Huatai
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                             Matching,
                                                                                                        annually under the    United
Securities Co.,                                                                                                                                                             one-click-




                                                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                                                                        condition that the    Securities,
Ltd. Publicly                       240109.                                                                                                              For professional   order, price-
                    23 Huatai Y2               2023-10-18   2023-10-20         N/A         40      3.58 issuer does not       CICC,         CICC
Issued to                               SH                                                                                                               investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                        exercise the right    Shenwan
Professional                                                                                                                                                                bidding and
                                                                                                        to defer interest     Hongyuan
Investors                                                                                                                                                                   negotiating
                                                                                                        payments              Securities
(Second
tranche)

                                                                                                                              Huatai
2023 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                         one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                                    240158.                                                                                   Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
Issued to           23 Huatai 15                2023-11-2    2023-11-6    2026-8-6         10      2.83 expiration with the                 CICC
                                        SH                                                                                    Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   bidding and
Investors (Tenth                                                                                        interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              China                                         negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Industrial




                                                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
I)                                                                                                      principal payment
                                                                                                                              Securities

                                                                                                                              Huatai
2023 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   Matching,




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
Securities Co.,                                                                                         off payment of
                                                                                                                              CICC,                                         one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                           principal upon
                                    240159.                                                                                   Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
Issued to           23 Huatai 16                2023-11-2    2023-11-6    2033-11-6        25      3.30 expiration with the                 CICC
                                        SH                                                                                    Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                            last instalment of
                                                                                                                              Securities,                                   bidding and
Investors (Tenth                                                                                        interest to be paid
                                                                                                                              China                                         negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the
                                                                                                                              Industrial
II)                                                                                                     principal payment
                                                                                                                              Securities

2023 Corporate                                                                                          Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         annually and one-     Huatai
Securities                                                                                              off payment of        United                                        One-click-
Co., Ltd. Non-                                                                                          principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan                         order, price-
                                    253163.                                                                                                              For professional
publicly Issued     23 Huatai F2               2023-11-23   2023-11-27   2026-11-27        28      3.07 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan                        enquiry,
                                        SH                                                                                                               investors
to Professional                                                                                         last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities                      bidding and
Investors (First                                                                                        interest to be paid   Securities,                                   negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                          together with the     CICC
II)                                                                                                     principal payment




                                                                                                                                                                                            233
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                  Arrangements
                                                                                                                 Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                                  Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond       Abbreviation    Code     Issue date    Value date         date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Interest to be paid
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 annually and one-     Huatai
          Securities
                                                                                                                 off payment of        United                                        One-click-
          Co., Ltd. Non-
                                                                                                                 principal upon        Securities,   Shenwan                         order, price-
          publicly Issued                   253350.                                                                                                               For professional
                             23 Huatai F4             2023-12-13    2023-12-15    2026-12-15        36      3.08 expiration with the   Shenwan       Hongyuan                        enquiry,
          to Professional                       SH                                                                                                                investors
                                                                                                                 last instalment of    Hongyuan      Securities                      bidding and
          Investors
                                                                                                                 interest to be paid   Securities,                                   negotiating
          (Second
                                                                                                                 together with the     CICC
          tranche) (Type
                                                                                                                 principal payment
          II)

          2024 Short-
          Term Corporate                                                                                                               Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                                                                                                     Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                              Securities,
                                                                                                                 One-off payment                                                     one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                Shenwan       Shenwan
                                            241797.                                                              of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
          Issued to       24 Huatai S2                 2024-11-11    2024-11-13   2025-5-13         48      1.90                       Hongyuan      Hongyuan
                                                SH                                                               interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                                                 Securities,   Securities
                                                                                                                 expiration                                                          bidding and
          Investors                                                                                                                    CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
          (Second                                                                                                                      Caitong
          tranche) (Type                                                                                                               Securities
          I)

          2024 Short-
          Term Corporate                                                                                                               Huatai
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                                                                                                     Matching,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                              Securities,
                                                                                                                 One-off payment                                                     one-click-
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                                Shenwan       Shenwan
                                            241798.                                                              of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
          Issued to       24 Huatai S3                 2024-11-11    2024-11-13   2025-11-13        10      1.92                       Hongyuan      Hongyuan
                                                SH                                                               interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
          Professional                                                                                                                 Securities,   Securities
                                                                                                                 expiration                                                          bidding and
          Investors                                                                                                                    CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
          (Second                                                                                                                      Caitong
          tranche) (Type                                                                                                               Securities
          II)

          2024 Perpetual
          Subordinated                                                                                           Interest to be paid   Huatai
                                                                                                                                                                                     Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        annually under the    United
                                                                                                                                                                                     one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                        condition that the    Securities,
                                            242041.                                                                                                               For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly      24 Huatai Y1             2024-11-22    2024-11-26          N/A         26      2.39 issuer does not       CICC,         CICC
                                                SH                                                                                                                investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                              exercise the right    Shenwan
                                                                                                                                                                                     bidding and
          Professional                                                                                           to defer interest     Hongyuan
                                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
          Investors (First                                                                                       payments              Securities
          tranche)

          2024 Short-
                                                                                                                                       Huatai
          Term Corporate
                                                                                                                                       United
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                                                                            Matching,
                                                                                                                                       Securities,
          Securities Co.,                                                                                        One-off payment                                                     one-click-
                                                                                                                                       Shenwan       Shenwan
          Ltd. Publicly                                                                                          of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
                           24 Huatai S4 242117.SH      2024-12-6    2024-12-10    2025-6-10         60      1.75                       Hongyuan      Hongyuan
          Issued to                                                                                              interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                                       Securities,   Securities
          Professional                                                                                           expiration                                                          bidding and
                                                                                                                                       CICC,
          Investors (Third                                                                                                                                                           negotiating
                                                                                                                                       Caitong
          tranche) (Type
                                                                                                                                       Securities
          I)

          2024 Short-                                                                                                                  Huatai
          Term Corporate                                                                                                               United
                                                                                                                                                                                     Matching,
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                              Securities,
                                                                                                                 One-off payment                                                     one-click-
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                              Shenwan       Shenwan
                                            242135.                                                              of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
          Ltd. Publicly     24 Huatai S6              2024-12-20    2024-12-24    2025-8-24         30      1.67                       Hongyuan      Hongyuan
                                                SH                                                               interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
          Issued to                                                                                                                    Securities,   Securities
                                                                                                                 expiration                                                          bidding and
          Professional                                                                                                                 CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                                     negotiating
          Investors (Fourth                                                                                                            Caitong
          tranche)                                                                                                                     Securities




234
                                                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                                                      Arrangements
                                                                                                     Principal and                                    for investors’
                                                                      Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted    appropriateness    Trading
Name of bond       Abbreviation     Code    Issue date   Value date        date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager      (if any)           mechanism

2025 Short-                                                                                                                Huatai
Term Corporate                                                                                                             United
                                                                                                                                                                         Matching,
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                            Securities,
                                                                                                     One-off payment                                                     one-click-
Securities Co.,                                                                                                            Shenwan       Shenwan
                                  242235.                                                            of principal and                                 For professional   order, price-
Ltd. Publicly      25 Huatai S1              2025-1-6      2025-1-8   2025-10-16        32      1.60                       Hongyuan      Hongyuan
                                      SH                                                             interest upon                                    investors          enquiry,
Issued to                                                                                                                  Securities,   Securities
                                                                                                     expiration                                                          bidding and
Professional                                                                                                               CICC,
                                                                                                                                                                         negotiating
Investors (First                                                                                                           Caitong
tranche)                                                                                                                   Securities


                                                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                                                                                                           Huatai
2025 Corporate                                                                                       Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                           United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually and one-
                                                                                                                           Securities,                                   Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                      off payment of
                                                                                                                           CICC,                                         one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                        principal upon
                                  242331.                                                                                  Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
Issued to          25 Huatai G1             2025-1-23     2025-2-5     2026-4-5         18      1.85 expiration with the                 CICC
                                      SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                         last instalment of
                                                                                                                           Securities,                                   bidding and
Investors (First                                                                                     interest to be paid
                                                                                                                           China                                         negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                       together with the
                                                                                                                           Merchants
I)                                                                                                   principal payment
                                                                                                                           Securities

2025 Corporate                                                                                                             Huatai



                                                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                                                     Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                            United
                                                                                                     annually and one-
Securities Co.,                                                                                                            Securities,                                   Matching,
                                                                                                     off payment of
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                              CICC,                                         one-click-
                                                                                                     principal upon



                                                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
Issued to            25 Huatai    242497.                                                                                  Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
                                            2025-2-25    2025-2-27    2027-2-27         30      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
Professional               G3         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                     last instalment of
Investors                                                                                                                  Securities,                                   bidding and
                                                                                                     interest to be paid
(Second                                                                                                                    China                                         negotiating
                                                                                                     together with the
tranche) (Type                                                                                                             Merchants
                                                                                                     principal payment
I)                                                                                                                         Securities

2025 Corporate                                                                                                             Huatai
                                                                                                     Interest to be paid
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                            United
                                                                                                     annually and one-
Securities Co.,                                                                                                            Securities,                                   Matching,
                                                                                                     off payment of
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                                              CICC,                                         one-click-
                                                                                                     principal upon
Issued to            25 Huatai    242498.                                                                                  Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                            2025-2-25    2025-2-27    2028-2-27         19      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
Professional               G4         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                     last instalment of
Investors                                                                                                                  Securities,                                   bidding and
                                                                                                     interest to be paid
(Second                                                                                                                    China                                         negotiating
                                                                                                     together with the
tranche) (Type                                                                                                             Merchants
                                                                                                     principal payment
II)                                                                                                                        Securities

                                                                                                                           Huatai
2025 Corporate                                                                                       Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                           United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually and one-
                                                                                                                           Securities,                                   Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                      off payment of
                                                                                                                           CICC,                                         one-click-
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                        principal upon
                     25 Huatai    242532.                                                                                  Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
Issued to                                    2025-3-4     2025-3-6     2026-6-6         20      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
                           G5         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                         last instalment of
                                                                                                                           Securities,                                   bidding and
Investors (Third                                                                                     interest to be paid
                                                                                                                           China                                         negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                       together with the
                                                                                                                           Merchants
I)                                                                                                   principal payment
                                                                                                                           Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                                                                                                                           Huatai
2025 Corporate                                                                                       Interest to be paid
                                                                                                                           United
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                      annually and one-
                                                                                                                           Securities,                                   Matching,
Securities Co.,                                                                                      off payment of
                                                                                                                           CICC,                                         one-click-




                                                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Ltd. Publicly                                                                                        principal upon
                     25 Huatai    242533.                                                                                  Shenwan                    For professional   order, price-
Issued to                                    2025-3-4     2025-3-6     2027-9-6         27      2.05 expiration with the                 CICC
                           G6         SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                   investors          enquiry,
Professional                                                                                         last instalment of
                                                                                                                           Securities,                                   bidding and
Investors (Third                                                                                     interest to be paid
                                                                                                                           China                                         negotiating
tranche) (Type                                                                                       together with the
                                                                                                                           Merchants
II)                                                                                                  principal payment
                                                                                                                           Securities




                                                                                                                                                                                         235
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                                                Arrangements
                                                                                                                Principal and                                   for investors’
                                                                                 Expiration            Interest interest payment      Lead          Entrusted   appropriateness    Trading
          Name of bond        Abbreviation    Code     Issue date   Value date        date    Balance Rate (%) method                 underwriter   manager     (if any)           mechanism

                                                                                                                                      Huatai
                                                                                                                Interest to be paid
          2025 Corporate                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                                annually and one-
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                             Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                                off payment of
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                             CICC,                                        one-click-
                                                                                                                principal upon
          Ltd. Publicly        25 Huatai     242601.                                                                                  Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
                                                       2025-3-13     2025-3-17   2026-4-17         50      2.03 expiration with the                 CICC
          Issued to                  G7          SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                last instalment of
          Professional                                                                                                                Securities,                                  bidding and
                                                                                                                interest to be paid
          Investors (Fourth                                                                                                           China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                                together with the
          tranche)                                                                                                                    Merchants
                                                                                                                principal payment
                                                                                                                                      Securities

                                                                                                                                      Huatai
                                                                                                                Interest to be paid
          2025 Corporate                                                                                                              United
                                                                                                                annually and one-
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                                             Securities,                                  Matching,
                                                                                                                off payment of
          Securities Co.,                                                                                                             CICC,                                        one-click-
                                                                                                                principal upon
          Ltd. Publicly        25 Huatai     242602.                                                                                  Shenwan                   For professional   order, price-
                                                       2025-3-20    2025-3-24    2026-8-24         36      2.02 expiration with the                 CICC
          Issued to                  G8          SH                                                                                   Hongyuan                  investors          enquiry,
                                                                                                                last instalment of
          Professional                                                                                                                Securities,                                  bidding and
                                                                                                                interest to be paid
          Investors (Fifth                                                                                                            China                                        negotiating
                                                                                                                together with the
          tranche)                                                                                                                    Merchants
                                                                                                                principal payment
                                                                                                                                      Securities




          Notes:
          1. The trading market of the above-mentioned corporate bonds was the Shanghai Stock Exchange.
          2. The above-mentioned corporate bonds were not exposed to the risk of delisting.
          3. None of the above-mentioned corporate bonds had put option provisions, and there will be no put dates after April 30, 2025.
          4. As at the date on which this report was approved to publish, the Group had no bonds for ordinary investors.




          Interest payment for bonds during the Reporting Period is as follows:

          Name of bond                                                                                                             Redemption and interest payment

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (First tranche)                                 January 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Second tranche) (Type I)                       January 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Second tranche) (Type II)                      January 2024

          2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (First tranche)                                 time and in full in January 2024

          2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)        January 2024

          2021 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued Interest paid on time and in full in
          to Professional Investors (First tranche)                              January 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Third tranche)                                 February 2024

          2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (First tranche)                                 February 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)                                February 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Fifth tranche) (Type I)                        February 2024




236
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Name of bond                                                           Redemption and interest payment

2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Fifth tranche) (Type II)                       February 2024

2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche)      time and in full in March 2024

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Second tranche)                                time and in full in April 2024

2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Qualified Investors (Second tranche)                                   April 2024                                       About Us
2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type I)                        May 2024

2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type II)                       May 2024

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Professional Investors (Third tranche)                                 May 2024

2020 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in



                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Qualified Investors (Third tranche)                                    May 2024

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Fourth tranche) (Type I)                       time and in full in May 2024

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Fourth tranche) (Type II)                      May 2024

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Professional Investors (Fifth tranche) (Type I)                        time and in full in June 2024

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type I)                        time and in full in June 2024

2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)      time and in full in July 2024

2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)       July 2024

2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Second tranche)                                time and in full in August 2024




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Third tranche)                                 time and in full in August 2024




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Seventh tranche)                               August 2024

2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)                                September 2024

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type I)                      time and in full in September 2024

2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type II)                     September 2024

2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)        September 2024




                                                                                                               237
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name of bond                                                           Redemption and interest payment

          2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)      time and in full in September 2024

          2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)                                 September 2024

          2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)        September 2024

          2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)     time and in full in September 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type I)                       September 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type I)                        October 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type II)                       October 2024

          2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type I)                       time and in full in October 2024

          2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type II)                      October 2024

          2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)        October 2024

          2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)       October 2024

          2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type I)                        time and in full in October 2024

          2021 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type II)                       October 2024

          2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)       October 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Tenth tranche) (Type I)                        November 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Tenth tranche) (Type II)                       November 2024

          2020 Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued Interest paid on time and in full in
          to Professional Investors (First tranche)                              November 2024

          2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Interest paid on time and in full in
          Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)        November 2024

          2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
          Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type I)                        time and in full in November 2024

          2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
          Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type II)                       November 2024

          2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Non-publicly Interest paid on time and in full in
          Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche) (Type II)       November 2024




238
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Name of bond                                                               Redemption and interest payment

2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type I)                      time and in full in December 2024

2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type I)                       December 2024

2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Interest paid on time and in full in
Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type II)                      December 2024

2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Non-publicly Interest paid on time and in full in
Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche) (Type II)      December 2024                                                 About Us
2022 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Principal repaid and interest paid on
Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type I)                        time and in full in December 2024


2. Triggers and execution of the Company’s or investor’s option clauses or investor protection
clauses



                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3, 22 Huatai Y1, 22 Huatai Y2, 22 Huatai Y3, 23 Huatai Y1, 23 Huatai Y2 and
24 Huatai Y1 issued by the Company are subject to the issuer’s renewal option, issuer’s redemption right,
when certain conditions are met and the right of deferring interest payment. As of the disclosure date of this

                                                                                                                             and Strategies
report, the aforementioned bonds have not triggered the issuer’s renewal, interest step-up and redemption
option when certain conditions are met as the exercise date of the issuer’s renewal option and redemption
right has not yet reached.

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not execute the right of deferring interest payment. The
current interests for 21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3, 22 Huatai Y1, 22 Huatai Y2, 22 Huatai Y3, 23 Huatai
Y1 and 23 Huatai Y2 have been paid on time and in full. During the 12 months prior to the annual interest
payment date of the aforesaid bonds, the Company triggered a mandatory interest payment event due to




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
dividend distribution to ordinary shareholders and reduction of registered capital, details of which can be
found in the respective announcements of the Company.


3. Intermediary agencies to provide services for bond issuance and existing business

                                                       Name of
Name of intermediary                                   signatory
agency                    Office address               accountant           Contact person Contact number

Deloitte Touche
                       30/F, 222 Yan An Road           Hu Xiaojun, Han
Tohmatsu Certified                                                          Hu Xiaojun         021-61418888



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                       East, Shanghai                  Jian
Public Accountants LLP

                          8/F, KPMG Tower, Oriental
                                                       Cheng Hailiang,



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
KPMG Huazhen LLP          Plaza, No. 1 East Chang’an                        Zhang Nan          021-22123075
                                                       Zou Jun
                          Avenue, Beijing




                                                                                                                      239
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Other intermediary agencies to provide services for the above bond issuance and existing business are as
          below:

          Intermediary
          agency       Name                    Office address                         Contact person      Contact number

                                               5/F, Building 1, Huatai Securities     Wang
                        Huatai United
                                               Square, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong       Chengcheng,         025-83387750
                        Securities Co., Ltd.
                                               Road, Nanjing                          Cui Yue

                        Shenwan
                                               45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui      Liu Qiuyan, Zheng 021-33388507
                        Hongyuan
                                               District, Shanghai                     Jianrui           021-33388508
                        Securities Co., Ltd.

                        China
                        International          33/F, Tower 2, China World Office,
                        Capital                No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,            Liu Liu             010-65051166
                        Corporation            Chaoyang District, Beijing
                        Limited

                        China Merchants        No.111 Fuhua 1st Road, Futian District, Lin Chiheng, Liu
                                                                                                          0755-83081361
                        Securities Co., Ltd.   Shenzhen, Guangdong Province            Chen

          Lead          China
          Underwriter   Development            1-9/F, No. 29 Fuchengmen Wai
                                                                                      Bao Hong            010-88300840
                        Bank Securities        Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
                        Company Limited

                        China Industrial
                                               32/F, SK Tower, Building 1, 6A
                        Securities Co., Ltd.
                                               Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang Tao Jian                    13581681404
                        ( 興業證券股份有限
                                               District, Beijing
                        公司 )

                                           2/F, Kaiyuan Securities Wealth
                        Kaiyuan Securities
                                           Management Center, No. 62 Furong
                        Co., Ltd. ( 開源證券                                     Xu Mengyuan                  029-81208821
                                           West Road, Yanta District, Xi’an,
                        股份有限公司 )
                                           Shaanxi Province

                                           West Tower, Caitong Shuangguan             Xu Zongxuan,
                        Caitong Securities
                                           Building, No. 198 Tianmushan Road,         Zhang Zhening,
                        Co., Ltd. ( 財通證券                                                                  0571-87821802
                                           Xihu District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang          Wang Wenxu,
                        股份有限公司 )
                                           Province                                   Zhang Yifei

                        Central China
                        Securities Co., Ltd.   10 Business Outer Ring Road,
                                                                                 Gao Lingfang             021-50581985
                        ( 中原證券股份有限             Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou
                        公司 )

                        Shenwan                                                                           021-33388507
                                               45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui
          Entrusted     Hongyuan                                                      Zheng Jianrui
                                               District, Shanghai                                         021-33388508
          manager       Securities Co., Ltd.

                        China
                        International
                                               China World Office, No. 1
                        Capital                                                       Liu Liu             010-65051166
                                               Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing
                        Corporation
                        Limited




240
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Intermediary
agency       Name                           Office address                                 Contact person         Contact number

                   China Lianhe
                                            17/F, Tower 2, No. 2 Jianguomenwai
                   Credit Rating Co.,                                                      Jiang Yujia            010-85679696
                                            Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                   Ltd.
Credit rating
agencies           Shanghai
                   Brilliance Credit        14/F, Huasheng Mansion, No. 398                                       021-63501349-
                                                                                           Gao Fei
                   Rating & Investors       Hankou Road, Shanghai                                                 637
                   Service Co., Ltd.

                                            9/F, National Water Resources                                                                            About Us
                   JC Master Law
                                            Building, No. 70 Qingjiang South               Yin Tingting           025-84503333
                   Offices
                                            Road, Nanjing

                                            22-31/F, South Tower of Building 3,
                   Zhong Lun Law
                                            CP Center, No. 20 Jinhe East Road,             Guo Zhi                025-69511868
                   Firm
                                            Chaoyang District, Beijing
Law firms


                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                            9, 11, 12/F, Shanghai Tower, No. 501
                   AllBright Law                                                 Sun Zuan, Bai
                                            Middle Yincheng Road, Pudong New                                      021-20511000
                   Offices                                                       Xue
                                            Area, Shanghai


                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                            17-18/F, East Tower, World Financial
                   King & Wood
                                            Center 1, No. 1 Middle East 3rd Ring           Yao Lei                021-24126099
                   Mallesons
                                            Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing

Note: Certain bond issuances were underwritten by Shenwan Hongyuan Financing Services Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shenwan
Hongyuan Financing Services”). Due to changes in the business scope of Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as
“Shenwan Hongyuan Securities”), the original bond underwriting business, except for convertible corporate bonds, of Shenwan Hongyuan
Financing Services was included into the business scope of Shenwan Hongyuan Securities. For the above changes in business scope, relevant




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
authorities had issued approval. Therefore, the original rights and obligations under the agreement entered into by Shenwan Hongyuan
Financing Services have succeeded to Shenwan Hongyuan Securities.



There were no changes in the above intermediary agencies during the Reporting Period.

4. Adjustments to the credit ratings

During the Reporting Period, the rating agencies did not make any adjustments to the ratings.

5. Changes, variations and implementation of guarantees, debt repayment plan and other
debt repayment guarantee measures and their impact during the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
Current status                                                              Implementation                             Any change

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the existing




                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
corporate bonds of the Company are issued without                           During the Reporting Period, the
guarantee and are subject to the debt repayment plan in                     Company strictly performed the
accordance with the covenants in the prospectuses for                       covenants in the prospectuses
corporate bonds.                                                            in relation to investor protection
                                                                            mechanism, paid the interest
According to the covenants in the prospectuses                              and/or principal for the
for corporate bonds, the Company has settlement                                                                              No
                                                                            corporate bonds in full as
safeguards in place, including but not limited to setting                   scheduled, and disclosed
up terms of settlement safeguards undertaking and                           relevant information on the
relief measures for the issuer, formulating the Rules for                   Company in a timely manner
Meeting of Bondholders, entrusting bond manager, strictly                   to protect the legal interest of
performing the obligations of information disclosure and                    investors.
setting up a special debt repayment account.




                                                                                                                                            241
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Funds raised from corporate bonds

          The corporate bonds involved in the use of funds raised during the Reporting Period, and the utilization of
          funds raised is as follows:

          1. Basic information
                                                                                                Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                       Balance
                                                                                                                     of specific
                                                                                                  Balance of        accounts of
                                       Whether                                                  funds raised       funds raised
                                       it is a                                          Total       as at the          as at the
                                       special                                      amount        end of the         end of the
          Code of      Abbreviation    type of       Specific type of special       of funds       Reporting          Reporting
          bond         of bond         bond          type of bond                     raised          Period             Period

          241764.SH    24 Huatai S1    Yes           Short-term corporate bond            20                  –                  –

          241797.SH    24 Huatai S2    Yes           Short-term corporate bond            48                  –                  –

          241798.SH    24 Huatai S3    Yes           Short-term corporate bond            10                  –                  –

                                                     Perpetual subordinated
          242041.SH    24 Huatai Y1    Yes                                                26                  –                  –
                                                     bond

          242117.SH    24 Huatai S4    Yes           Short-term corporate bond            60                  –                  –

          242135.SH    24 Huatai S6    Yes           Short-term corporate bond            30                  –                  –


          2. Change and adjustment of use of funds raised

          There were no changes in the use of funds raised during the Reporting Period.

          3. Utilization of funds raised

          (1) Actual utilization (excluding temporary replenishment of liquidity here)
                                                                                                Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                      Repayment
                                           Actual     of interest-
                                          utilized        bearing                               Investments
                                         amount             debts                                     in fixed
                                         of funds      (excluding Repayment                             asset
                                           raised       corporate of corporate Replenishment         projects   Other
                                       during the     bonds) and bonds and         of liquidity           and use and
          Code of      Abbreviation    Reporting          amount       amount    and amount          amount amount
          bond         of bond             Period        involved     involved       involved       involved involved

          241764.SH    24 Huatai S1            20                –              –                20                 –            –

          241797.SH    24 Huatai S2            48                –              –                48                 –            –

          241798.SH    24 Huatai S3             10               –              –                 10                –            –

          242041.SH    24 Huatai Y1            26                –              –                26                 –            –

          242117.SH    24 Huatai S4            60                –              –                60                 –            –

          242135.SH    24 Huatai S6            30                –              –                30                 –            –




242
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(2) Funds raised were not utilized for specific projects.

(3) Funds raised were not used for temporary replenishment of liquidity.

4. Compliance of utilization of funds raised
                                                                Whether the     Whether the
                                                                actual use      utilization of
                                                                is consistent   funds raised
                                                                with the        and the
                                                                agreed use      management        Whether the
                                                                (including      of the specific   utilization of

                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                                                the agreed      accounts of       funds raised
                                                                use in the      funds raised      complied
                          Actual use of funds raised as at      prospectus      were in           with local
                          the end of the Reporting Period       and the         compliance        government
                          (including actual utilization and     use after       during the        debt
Code of      Abbreviation temporary replenishment of            compliance      Reporting         management
bond         of bond      liquidity)                            changes)        Period            regulations

241764.SH    24 Huatai S1    Replenishment of working capital   Yes             Yes               N/A

                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
241797.SH    24 Huatai S2    Replenishment of working capital   Yes             Yes               N/A



                                                                                                                                and Strategies
241798.SH    24 Huatai S3    Replenishment of working capital   Yes             Yes               N/A

242041.SH    24 Huatai Y1    Replenishment of working capital   Yes             Yes               N/A

242117.SH    24 Huatai S4    Replenishment of working capital   Yes             Yes               N/A

242135.SH    24 Huatai S6    Replenishment of working capital   Yes             Yes               N/A


The management and utilization of the accounts of funds raised were in compliance with the regulations




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
and there was no violation of laws and regulations during the Reporting Period.

(IV) Other matters to be disclosed in respect of special types of bonds

1. The Company being an issuer of renewable corporate bonds
                                                                                  Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


Code of bond                               188785.SH

Abbreviation of bond                       21 Huatai Y1

Balance of bond                            30



                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Renewal                                    The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                           Not triggered



                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Interest deferral                          Not triggered

                                           The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                           reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                           interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                           on the bonds on time and in full

Whether they are still included in
equity or not and corresponding            Yes
accounting treatment

Other matters                              No




                                                                                                                         243
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Code of bond                         188942.SH

          Abbreviation of bond                 21 Huatai Y2

          Balance of bond                      50

          Renewal                              The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

          Interest step-up                     Not triggered

          Interest deferral                    Not triggered

                                               The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                               reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
          Enforcement of interest payment
                                               interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                               on the bonds on time and in full

          Whether they are still included in
          equity or not and corresponding      Yes
          accounting treatment

          Other matters                        No




          Code of bond                         185019.SH

          Abbreviation of bond                 21 Huatai Y3

          Balance of bond                      20

          Renewal                              The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

          Interest step-up                     Not triggered

          Interest deferral                    Not triggered

                                               The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                               reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
          Enforcement of interest payment
                                               interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                               on the bonds on time and in full

          Whether they are still included in
          equity or not and corresponding      Yes
          accounting treatment

          Other matters                        No




244
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Code of bond                         185337.SH

Abbreviation of bond                 22 Huatai Y1

Balance of bond                      27

Renewal                              The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                     Not triggered

Interest deferral                    Not triggered


                                                                                                                    About Us
                                     The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                     reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                     interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                     on the bonds on time and in full

Whether they are still included in
equity or not and corresponding      Yes
accounting treatment



                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Other matters                        No




                                                                                                                  and Strategies


Code of bond                         185388.SH

Abbreviation of bond                 22 Huatai Y2




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Balance of bond                      30

Renewal                              The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                     Not triggered

Interest deferral                    Not triggered

                                     The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                     reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                     interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                     on the bonds on time and in full




                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
Whether they are still included in
equity or not and corresponding      Yes
accounting treatment




                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
Other matters                        No




                                                                                                           245
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Code of bond                         137604.SH

          Abbreviation of bond                 22 Huatai Y3

          Balance of bond                      35

          Renewal                              The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

          Interest step-up                     Not triggered

          Interest deferral                    Not triggered

                                               The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                               reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
          Enforcement of interest payment
                                               interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                               on the bonds on time and in full

          Whether they are still included in
          equity or not and corresponding      Yes
          accounting treatment

          Other matters                        No




          Code of bond                         115931.SH

          Abbreviation of bond                 23 Huatai Y1

          Balance of bond                      25

          Renewal                              The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

          Interest step-up                     Not triggered

          Interest deferral                    Not triggered

                                               The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                               reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
          Enforcement of interest payment
                                               interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                               on the bonds on time and in full

          Whether they are still included in
          equity or not and corresponding      Yes
          accounting treatment

          Other matters                        No




246
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Code of bond                         240109.SH

Abbreviation of bond                 23 Huatai Y2

Balance of bond                      40

Renewal                              The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                     Not triggered

Interest deferral                    Not triggered


                                                                                                                    About Us
                                     The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                     reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                     interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                     on the bonds on time and in full

Whether they are still included in
equity or not and corresponding      Yes
accounting treatment



                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Other matters                        No




                                                                                                                  and Strategies


Code of bond                         242041.SH

Abbreviation of bond                 24 Huatai Y1




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Balance of bond                      26

Renewal                              The issuer’s renewal option has not been exercised

Interest step-up                     Not triggered

Interest deferral                    Not triggered

                                     The issuer distributed dividends to ordinary shareholders and
                                     reduced registered capital during the 12 months prior to the
Enforcement of interest payment
                                     interest payment date, and the issuer has paid the current interest
                                     on the bonds on time and in full




                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
Whether they are still included in
equity or not and corresponding      Yes
accounting treatment




                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
Other matters                        No




                                                                                                           247
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Matters on other special types of corporate bonds

          No.

          (V) Major events in relation to corporate bonds during the Reporting Period

          1. Balance and breakdown of non-operating transaction appropriation and capital
          placements

          As at the beginning of the Reporting Period, receivable balance of the transaction appropriation to other
          parties that were not directly attributable to operation and the capital placements (the “non-operating
          transaction appropriation and capital placements”) of the Group was RMB160,500;

          During the Reporting Period, there was no non-compliance of non-operating transaction appropriation and
          capital placements by the Group with relevant agreements or commitments as set out in the prospectuses.

          As at the end of the Reporting Period, total outstanding non-operating transaction appropriation and capital
          placements of the Group amounted to RMB251,100, and its percentage to the net assets on a consolidated
          basis was 0%, which did not exceed 10% of the net assets on a consolidated basis.

          2. Liabilities

          (1) Interest-bearing debts and changes therein

          1.1 Debt structure of the Company

          As at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, the interest-bearing debt balance of the Company
          were RMB303.663 billion and RMB250.918 billion, respectively. The interest-bearing debt balance as at the
          end of the Reporting Period decreased by 17.37% as compared to the beginning of the Reporting Period.


                                                                                                                   Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                              Time to maturity                                                           Proportion
          Type of interest-                                                                                                            of amount to
                                                                                                              Total amount
          bearing debts                                           Within 1 year            Over 1 year                             interest-bearing
                                               Overdue
                                                                     (inclusive)            (exclusive)                                   debts (%)

          Corporate credit
                                                         –                 483.23                   581.11           1,064.34                    42.42
          bonds

          Bank loans                                     –                       –                      –                    –                        –

          Loans from non-
          bank financial                                 –                       –                      –                    –                        –
          institutions

          Other interest-
                                                         –               1,433.93                    10.91           1,444.84                    57.58
          bearing debts

          Total                                          –                 1,917.16               592.02             2,509.18                         –


          Notes:
          1. Other interest-bearing debts include placement from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and etc.
          2. The above interest-bearing debts exclude perpetual subordinated bonds that were included in other equity instruments with closing principal
          amount of RMB28.3 billion and opening principal amount of RMB25.7 billion.




          Among the corporate credit bonds of the Company in duration as at the end of the Reporting Period, the
          balance of corporate bonds was RMB106.434 billion, and a total of RMB36.254 billion of corporate credit
          bonds will mature or can be sold back between April and December 2025.

          1.2 Interest-bearing debt structure of the Group




248
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, the interest-bearing debt balance of the Group
were RMB385.987 billion and RMB303.827 billion, respectively. The interest-bearing debt balance as at the
end of the Reporting Period decreased by 21.29% as compared to the beginning of the Reporting Period.

                                                                                                         Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                    Time to maturity                                                           Proportion
Type of interest-                                                                                                            of amount to
                                                                                                    Total amount
bearing debts                                           Within 1 year            Over 1 year                             interest-bearing
                                     Overdue
                                                           (inclusive)            (exclusive)                                   debts (%)

Corporate credit
                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                               –                 606.16                  734.12            1,340.28                      44.11
bonds

Bank loans                                     –                  33.63                       –               33.63                        1.11

Loans from non-
bank financial                                 –                       –                      –                    –                        –
institutions

Other interest-
                                               –                1,641.69                 22.67             1,664.36                    54.78
bearing debts

                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Total                                          –               2,281.48                 756.79            3,038.27                          –



                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Notes:
1. Other interest-bearing debts include placement from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and etc.
2. The above interest-bearing debts exclude perpetual subordinated bonds that were included in other equity instruments with closing principal
amount of RMB28.3 billion and opening principal amount of RMB25.7 billion.



Among the corporate credit bonds of the Group in duration as at the end of the Reporting Period, the
balance of corporate bonds was RMB106.452 billion, and a total of RMB41.302 billion of corporate credit
bonds will mature or can be sold back between April and December 2025.




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
1.3 Offshore bonds

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of offshore bonds issued by the Group was RMB27.576
billion, and a total of RMB5.047 billion of offshore bonds will mature or can be sold back between April and
December 2025.

(2) As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had no overdue interest-bearing debts or
corporate credit bonds with an overdue amount of more than RMB10 million.

(3) Major liabilities and reasons for their changes




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
For major liabilities and reasons for their changes, please refer to “General description of consolidated
statement of financial position” under “Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position”
of “Major Operations during the Reporting Period” in “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Report” in this report.

(4) Prioritized repayments of liabilities against any third person

As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were no prioritized repayments of liabilities by the Group against
any third person.

(VI) During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any non-financial
corporate debt financing instruments in the inter-bank bond market

(VII) During the Reporting Period, the Company did not record a loss in the consolidated
statements exceeding 10% of the net assets at the end of the previous year




                                                                                                                                                  249
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VIII) Interest-bearing debt (other than bonds) overdue at the end of the Reporting
          Period

          The Company enjoyed a good reputation, and repaid matured debts and paid interests on time without
          any overdue debts during the Reporting Period.

          For details of the issuance and payment of interest for corporate bonds and debt financing instruments,
          please refer to “The Issuance and Listing of Securities” under “Changes in Shares and Shareholders” in this
          report and “Basic information on corporate bonds” under “Corporate Bonds” in this section.

          (IX) The impacts of non-compliance with laws and regulations, the Articles of
          Association, the management measures for information disclosure and violation of
          relevant covenants or undertakings in the prospectuses for bonds on the interests
          of bond investors during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company complied with laws and regulations, the Articles of Association
          and the management measures for information disclosure, strictly performed its obligations of information
          disclosure and paid the interest for the bonds on time to protect the legitimate interest of investors. In
          addition, the Company strictly performed the relevant covenants or undertakings in the prospectus for
          corporate bonds, and the usage of the funds raised was in line with the covenants in the prospectus. During
          the Reporting Period, the Company did not default on the redemption and interest payment of issued
          bonds, and operated stably with satisfactory earnings and there is no risk of the Company failing to make
          payments on time in the future.

          (X) Accounting data and financial indicators of the Company for the past two years
          up to the end of the Reporting Period
                                                                                         Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                Year-on-year            Reason for the
          Primary indicators                       2024           2023            change (%)                 change

                                                                                                        Year-on-year
          Net profit after extraordinary                                                                   increase in
          profit and loss attributable                                                                  extraordinary
                                               9,033,781     12,886,560                -29.90
          to shareholders of the listed                                                                profit and loss
          company                                                                                   due to disposal of
                                                                                                          subsidiaries

          Current ratio                             1.46            1.38                  5.80                         –

          Quick ratio                               1.46            1.38                  5.80                         –

                                                                            Decreased by 6.52
          Gearing ratio (%)                       69.53           76.05                                                –
                                                                            percentage points

                                                                             Increased by 1.33
          EBITDA to total debt ratio (%)           8.00            6.67                                                –
                                                                            percentage points

          Times interest earned                     2.53            2.10                 20.48                         –

          Times cash-interest earned                3.52            -1.11                 N/A                          –

          Times interest earned of EBITDA           2.71           2.25                  20.44                         –

          Loan repayment ratio (%)               100.00          100.00                      -                         –

          Interest payment ratio (%)             100.00          100.00                      -                         –

          Note: Customer’s funds are not included in the above-mentioned indicators.




250
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
II. THE COMPANY HAD NO CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

III. STRUCTURED NOTES

(I) Matters on structured notes

In 2023, the Company issued a total of 3,563 structured notes through the China Securities Institutional


                                                                                                                         About Us
Trading & Quotation System and OTC market, with a total issuance amount of RMB21.189 billion. As of
December 31, 2023, 1,064 structured notes continued to exist with a total scale of RMB13.562 billion.

In 2024, the Company issued a total of 2,891 structured notes through the China Securities Institutional
Trading & Quotation System and OTC market, with a total issuance amount of RMB32.061 billion. A total of
3,583 structured notes were paid, with a total payment amount of RMB25.382 billion. During the Reporting
Period, all of the due structured notes of the Company were paid as agreed. As of December 31, 2024, 372
structured notes continued to exist with a total scale of RMB20.241 billion.




                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
(II) Major events

During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly implemented the requirements under the Guidelines on


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Information Disclosure of Structured Notes of Securities Companies (《證券公司收益憑證信息披露指引》), and
details of disclosures of relevant major events can be found in “Appendix IV. Information Disclosures Index”.

(III) Risks

1. Company credit risks

The Company has a robust organizational structure, a sound decision-making authorization system and




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
a rigorous internal control system. During the Reporting Period, the Company operated in compliance with
regulations, enjoyed a good reputation as well as strong capital strength, profitability and debt repayment
ability.

2. Liquidity risks

The Company has incorporated structured notes into its overall debt financing management, made uniform
arrangements for the financing limit and maturity structure, and established a unified limit authorization
and management mechanism at the corporate level to conduct daily monitoring on liquidity gaps to
ensure the Company’s liquidity safety. During the Reporting Period, the liquidity of the Company was in good
condition and due structured notes were paid on time without any liquidity risk.




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
3. Other risks

The Company has issued floating structured notes, and part of the embedded derivatives has been




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
integrated into the Company’s derivatives compliance and risk control system for unified management in
all aspects of derivatives design, hedging transactions, risk exposure and limit management.

Details of risks of the Company can be found in “Potential risks” under “Discussion and Analysis of the
Company’s Future Development” of “Management Discussion and Analysis and Board Report”.




                                                                                                                251
Financial Report
and Documents for
Inspection
     Independent Auditor's Report      254

           Annual Financial Report     261

 Index of Documents for Inspection     411

Information Disclosure of Securities   411
                        Companies

                          Appendix     412
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
          TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
          (A joint stock company incorporated in the People's Republic of China with limited liability)


           Opinion

          We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the "Company") and its subsidiaries
          (collectively referred to as the "Group") set out on pages 261 to 410, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
          position as at 31 December 2024, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss
          and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
          flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
          information and other explanatory information.

          In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
          Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
          then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS Accounting Standards") issued by the
          International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB") and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
          requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



           Basis for Opinion

          We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing ("ISAs"). Our responsibilities under those
          standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
          Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
          ("IESBA Code"), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code. We believe that the
          audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



           Key Audit Matters

          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
          opinion on these matters.




254
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024

                                    Valuations of financial instruments classified under the fair value hierarchy as level 3


                            The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter



The fair value of the Group's financial instruments is mainly based on           Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
active market quoted prices or valuation techniques. For level 3 financial
instruments, including debt instruments, unlisted equity investments, private    • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to
equity funds and over-the-counter derivative financial instruments, the Group    the valuation of level 3 financial instruments and testing the operating
uses valuation techniques to measure fair values.                                effectiveness of these controls;

As disclosed in Note 62 to the consolidated financial statements, as at 31       • Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models used by the



                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
December 2024, the fair value of the Group's level 3 financial assets and        management for level 3 financial instruments;
financial liabilities amounted to RMB 9,239 million and RMB 10,632 million,
respectively.                                                                    • On a sample basis, reading the investment agreements to understand the
                                                                                 relevant investment terms, identifying any conditions that were relevant to the
We identified valuation of level 3 financial instruments as a key audit matter   valuations of these financial instruments and assessing the application in the
because the amount involved was significant and the selection of valuation       valuation;
techniques and determination of unobservable inputs required significant
judgements and estimations.                                                      • Evaluating, on a sample basis, the appropriateness of the significant
                                                                                 unobservable and observable inputs which were used for measuring the fair
                                                                                 value of level 3 financial instruments;

                                                                                 • Where appropriate, performing independent valuations of level 3 financial
                                                                                 instruments, on a sample basis, and comparing these valuations with the




                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                 Group's valuations, with the involvement of our valuation experts.




                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                   255
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Measurement of expected credit losses ("ECL") for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed lendings


                                      The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter



          The Group uses an expected credit loss ("ECL") model to determine the loss        Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
          allowance for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed lendings.
                                                                                            • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to the
          The management exercised significant judgements and estimations in its            measurement of ECL for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed
          assessment of ECL allowance of margin accounts receivable and securities-         lendings and testing the operating effectiveness of these controls;
          backed lendings. They included the determination of staging of the relevant
          financial assets whether the credit risk had increased significantly and credit   • Evaluating the appropriateness of the ECL model, the critical assumptions
          impairment events had occurred; the determination of key parameters               and parameters used in the model with the involvement of our internal
          used in the ECL model, including loss rate, exposure at default and forward-      experts;
          looking information for Stage 1 and 2 financial assets; the determination of
          recoverable amount in respect of Stage 3 financial assets based on value of       • Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria for significant increase in
          collateral and repayment ability of borrowers.                                    credit risk ("SICR") and financial assets that were credit impaired determined
                                                                                            by management and, on a sample basis, testing the application of such
          As at 31 December 2024, the Group held margin accounts receivable of              criteria to individual margin accounts receivable and securities-backed
          RMB134,312 million, less impairment allowance of RMB1,766 million as disclosed    lendings;
          in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements and securities-backed
          lendings of RMB3,539 million, less impairment allowance of RMB488 million as      • Examining the correctness of major inputs to the ECL model for selected
          disclosed in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.                    samples, including exposure at default and loss rate, and the mathematical
                                                                                            accuracy of the calculation of ECL;
          We identified the measurement of ECL for the Group's margin accounts
          receivable and securities-backed lendings as a key audit matter due to the        • For credit-impaired financial assets, on a sample basis, assessing the
          significance of these assets to the Group's consolidated financial statements     reasonableness of expected credit losses made by management based
          and the significant management estimations and judgments required in the          on repayment ability of borrowers, value of collateral and other credit
          measurement.                                                                      enhancements, as appropriate.




256
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024

                                                                Consolidation of structured entities


                             The Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter



The Group held interests as investor and/or acted as investment manager in           Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
various structured entities including asset management schemes, investment
funds and partnerships. As disclosed in Note 57, as at 31 December 2024,             • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to the
the total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB             consolidation of structured entities and testing the operating effectiveness of
35,723 million and the total assets of the unconsolidated structured entities        these controls;
sponsored by the Group amounted to RMB 621,057 million, respectively.
                                                                                     • Selecting samples to perform the following audit procedures:



                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
The Group consolidated the structured entities which it controlled. The
principle of control sets out the following three elements of control: (a) power     - Checking agreements relating to the structured entity and understanding
over the investee; (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from involvement     the purpose of its set up; assessing the appropriateness of the Group's
with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect      judgement on the power the Group had over the structured entity according
the amount of the investor's returns. The Group considered its power, arising        to the Group's rights and obligations under different transaction structures
from the rights entitled directly or indirectly, over the structured entities, and   and its involvement with the structured entity;
assessed whether the combination of investments it held together with its
remuneration created exposure to variability of returns from the structured          - verifying the analysis on the Group's variable return which included, but
entities that are of such significance that it indicated the Group controlled the    was not limited to, fixed management fees and performance fees obtained
structured entities and should consolidated these structured entities.               through acting as asset manager, as well as the returns obtained from
                                                                                     holding an interest in a structured entity;
We identified consolidation of structured entities as a key audit matter due
to the significant judgments applied by the management in determining                - analysing the scope of the Group's decision-making power over the




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
whether a structured entity was required to be consolidated by the Group             structured entity, the substantive rights held by other participants, the level
and the significance of the impact arising from consolidating these                  of remuneration obtained from providing asset management services and
structured entities to the Group's consolidated financial statements as a            the risk of variable return borne by holding other interests in the structured




                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
whole.                                                                               entity and, checking the Group's analysis on the magnitude and variability of
                                                                                     variable return, assessing whether the Group acts as principal or agent in the
                                                                                     structured entities;

                                                                                     - assessing the management's judgment on the consolidation of structured
                                                                                     entities through carrying out the above procedures.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                       257
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Other Information

          The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
          included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

          Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
          of assurance conclusion thereon.

          In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
          in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
          or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
          performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
          We have nothing to report in this regard.


          Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
          Financial Statements

          The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
          true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of
          the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
          preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

          In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to
          continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
          basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
          alternative but to do so.

          Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.


          Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

          Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
          free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion
          solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
          responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
          level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
          misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
          the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
          consolidated financial statements.




258
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control.

• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related                       About Us
disclosures made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
manner that achieves fair presentation.

• Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group financial statements. We
are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   259
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
          the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
          audit.

          We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
          requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
          reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
          safeguards applied.

          From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
          significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
          matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
          matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
          because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
          such communication.

          The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Chu Wai Chung.




          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

          Certified Public Accountants
          Hong Kong



          28 March 2025




260
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024


ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                               Notes                   2024                                        2023



Revenue

  Fee and commission income                                     4                 17,259,336                                  18,940,982

  Interest income                                               5                 13,560,994                                   14,615,232

  Net investment gains                                          6                 14,500,758                                   11,670,400

                                                                                  45,321,088                                  45,226,614




                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
  Other income and gains                                         7                 8,964,395                                   7,033,807

Total revenue, gains and other income                                            54,285,483                                   52,260,421

  Fee and commission expenses                                   8                 (4,310,977)                                (4,328,290)




                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
  Interest expenses                                             9               (10,856,424)                                (13,662,909)

  Staff costs                                                   10               (10,074,621)                                 (9,371,842)

  Depreciation and amortisation expenses                        11                 (1,774,611)                               (1,856,409)

  Tax and surcharges                                            12                  (179,417)                                  (187,664)

  Other operating expenses                                      13              (13,844,777)                                 (11,644,373)
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of
                                                                14
    reversal                                                                       (246,269)                                     410,946
Total expenses                                                                  (41,287,096)                                (40,640,541)




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Operating profit                                                                  12,998,387                                   11,619,880

  Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                 2,353,953                                   2,584,784
Profit before income tax                                                          15,352,340                                  14,204,664
  Income tax expense                                            15                    166,534                                 (1,168,404)
Profit for the year                                                                15,518,874                                 13,036,260
Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company                                                      15,351,162                                 12,750,633

  Non-controlling interests                                                           167,712                                   285,627

                                                                                   15,518,874                                 13,036,260

Earnings per share (Expressed in Renminbi per share)            19

                                                                                         1.62




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
  - Basic                                                                                                                            1.35

  - Diluted                                                                              1.62                                        1.33




                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 271 to 410 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            261
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                          OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                              Note                2024                                       2023



          Profit for the year                                                                 15,518,874                                13,036,260



          Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year



            Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
           Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
             (expense) / income
              - Net change in fair value                                                           (15)                                      17,759

              - Income tax impact                                                                    97                                     (4,760)



            Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
             Net loss from debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                                                 58,221                                     106,977
                comprehensive income
             Fair value gain on hedging instruments designated in cash flow
                                                                                               (83,916)                                     (3,571)
              hedges
             Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint
                                                                                                367,987                                   (40,580)
               ventures
             Exchange differences on translation of financial statements in
                                                                                                267,501                                    262,953
               foreign currencies
            Income tax impact                                                                   (12,120)                                   (22,779)
            Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax         18               597,755                                    315,999
          Total comprehensive income for the year                                             16,116,629                                 13,352,259



          Attributable to:

            Shareholders of the Company                                                      15,985,388                                  13,024,562
            Non-controlling interests                                                            131,241                                   327,697
          Total                                                                               16,116,629                                 13,352,259




          The notes on pages 271 to 410 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




262
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                         FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                Notes                    2024                                        2023




                                                                                                                                                       About Us
Non-current assets

 Property and equipment                                          20                  6,489,412                                    6,519,710

 Investment properties                                           21                     182,131                                    136,284

 Goodwill                                                        22                     51,342                                   3,419,332

 Land-use rights and other intangible assets                     23                  2,035,899                                   7,515,260

 Interests in associates                                         25                  21,446,915                                 19,496,027

 Interests in joint ventures                                     26                     999,113                                  1,299,405

 Debt instruments at amortised cost                              27                40,854,764                                  45,404,582

 Financial assets held under resale agreements                   30                    199,610                                           -



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                 28                  5,938,076                                  15,207,952
   income
 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive




                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                                 29                    125,860                                     124,506
   income
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           31                  5,292,149                                   7,952,021

 Refundable deposits                                             32                 33,451,298                                 40,544,278

 Deferred tax assets                                             33                   1,591,926                                    702,722

 Other non-current assets                                        34                    240,951                                      311,789
Total non-current assets                                                           118,899,446                                 148,633,868



Current assets




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
 Accounts receivable                                             35                  5,587,233                                   9,743,761
 Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets         36                  2,880,227                                  2,539,985
 Margin accounts receivable                                      37                132,546,005                                  112,341,094
 Debt instruments at amortised cost                              27                  6,938,958                                   4,712,230
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                   30                  15,028,791                                 12,460,232
 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive
                                                                 28                   4,197,477
   income                                                                                                                        1,054,048
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           31               296,245,608                                  405,127,363
 Derivative financial assets                                     38                   9,991,125                                 16,259,881

 Clearing settlement funds                                       39                  11,136,758                                  9,129,266
 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                        40                170,880,569                                  137,210,295

 Cash and bank balances                                          41                 39,521,458                                 46,296,366




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                                                                  694,954,209                                  756,874,521

 Assets classified as held for sale                             24(c)                  416,839                                           -
Total current assets                                                               695,371,048                                 756,874,521




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
Total assets                                                                       814,270,494                                905,508,389




                                                                                                                                              263
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                               FINANCIAL POSITION - continued
                                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                         As at 31 December

                                                                              Notes                      2024                                        2023



          Current liabilities

            Short-term bank loans                                              43                    3,362,980                                   11,478,573

            Short-term debt instruments issued                                 44                   28,852,939                                 25,475,507

            Placements from other financial institutions                       45                    30,113,661                                39,536,527

            Accounts payable to brokerage clients                              46                  184,586,976                                 144,701,360

            Employee benefits payable                                          47                    4,589,013                                    4,151,439

            Other payables and accruals                                        48                   75,436,419                                 113,884,799

            Contract liabilities                                               49                      104,692                                     177,500

            Current tax liabilities                                                                    179,973                                    493,520

            Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  50                   121,048,168                                144,056,149

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         51                    33,474,911                                  43,710,135

            Derivative financial liabilities                                   38                   10,943,785                                  16,848,878

            Long-term bonds due within one year                                52                   41,787,436                                 44,803,489

                                                                                                  534,480,953                                  589,317,876

            Liabilities associated with assets classified asheld for sale     24(c)                     75,402                                            -

          Total current liabilities                                                               534,556,355                                  589,317,876

          Net current assets                                                                       160,814,693                                 167,556,645

          Total assets less current liabilities                                                     279,714,139                                 316,190,513



          Non-current liabilities

            Derivative financial liabilities                                   38                            -                                      32,763

            Long-term bonds                                                    53                    73,671,381                                  115,012,512

            Long-term bank loans                                               54                            -                                    647,052

            Non-current employee benefits payable                              47                     6,116,922                                  6,431,780

            Deferred tax liabilities                                           33                     476,548                                    1,960,663

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         51                    6,973,421                                    8,961,031

            Other payables and accruals                                        48                      581,946                                    927,280

          Total non-current liabilities                                                             87,820,218                                 133,973,081

          Net assets                                                                                191,893,921                                 182,217,432




264
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                FINANCIAL POSITION - continued
                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                              Note                        2024                                       2023




                                                                                                                                                       About Us
Equity

  Share capital                                                55                     9,027,302                                 9,074,663

  Other equity instruments                                     55                   28,300,000                                 25,700,000

  Treasury shares                                              55                    (100,545)                                  (1,064,173)

  Reserves                                                     55                   105,753,021                                102,967,146

  Retained profits                                             55                    48,694,124                                 42,430,731

  Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                          191,673,902                                179,108,367

  Non-controlling interests                                                             220,019                                  3,109,065

Total equity                                                                         191,893,921                                182,217,432



                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection


The notes on pages 271 to 410 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 March 2025.




Zhang Wei                                                                         Wang Bing

Chairman of the Board,Director                                                    Director




                                                                                                                                              265
266




                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                                                                                                           HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                                                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                  Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                  Reserves
                                                                                                                                          Cash flow                                                               Non-
                                            Share    Other equity   Treasury        Capital     Surplus       General        Fair value     hedges         Translation         Retained                     controlling
                                           capital   instruments      shares        reserve     reserve       reserve          reserve      reserve           reserve            profits          Total       interests    Total equity
                                         (Note 55)      (Note 55)   (Note 55)     (Note 55)    (Note 55)     (Note 55)       (Note 55)     (Note 38)         (Note 55)         (Note 55)



      As at 1 January 2024               9,074,663     25,700,000   (1,064,173)   69,602,190   8,838,000    23,458,335          142,633          39,072        886,916        42,430,731     179,108,367      3,109,065      182,217,432

      Changes in equity for 2024

      Profit for the year                        -              -            -            -            -             -                -               -              -         15,351,162      15,351,162        167,712     15,518,874

      Other comprehensive income /
       (expense) for the year                    -              -            -            -            -             -          414,170         (83,916)       303,972                 -        634,226        (36,471)        597,755

      Total comprehensive income /
        (expense) for the year                   -              -            -            -            -             -          414,170         (83,916)       303,972         15,351,162    15,985,388          131,241      16,116,629

      Issue of perpetual subordinated
        bonds                                    -      2,600,000            -       (2,158)           -             -                -               -              -                 -      2,597,842               -       2,597,842

      Disposal of subsidiaries                   -              -            -            -            -             -                -               -              -                 -               -    (3,025,855)     (3,025,855)

      Repurchase and cancellation of
                                          (47,361)              -      851,150    (803,789)            -             -                -               -              -                 -               -              -               -
        shares

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                 -              -      112,478       75,974            -             -                -               -              -                 -        188,452          20,574        209,026
        payments

      Appropriation to surplus reserve           -              -            -            -     889,075              -                -               -              -         (889,075)               -              -               -

      Appropriation to general reserve           -              -            -            -            -      2,026,732               -               -              -       (2,026,732)               -              -               -

      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                 -              -            -            -            -             -                -               -              -        (5,236,731)    (5,236,731)       (57,747)     (5,294,478)
        shareholders for the year

      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                 -              -            -            -            -             -                -               -              -         (935,130)       (935,130)              -       (935,130)
        subordinated bonds

      Others                                     -              -            -      (34,143)        (14)          (28)                -               -              -              (101)      (34,286)          42,741           8,455

      As at 31 December 2024             9,027,302     28,300,000   (100,545)     68,838,074   9,727,061    25,485,039         556,803      (44,844)          1,190,888       48,694,124     191,673,902        220,019      191,893,921
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY - continued
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                  (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                            Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                             Reserves
                                                                                                                                                      Cash flow                                                            Non-
                                                          Other equity    Treasury           Capital      Surplus       General         Fair value      hedges      Translation        Retained                      controlling
                                          Share capital   instruments       shares           reserve      reserve       reserve           reserve       reserve        reserve           profits           Total       interests    Total equity
                                              (Note 55)      (Note 55)    (Note 55)        (Note 55)     (Note 55)      (Note 55)       (Note 55)      (Note 38)      (Note 55)        (Note 55)



      As at 1 January 2023                    9,075,589      19,200,000   (1,202,324)      70,482,059    7,790,909     21,024,438          84,554         42,643        666,033       37,923,300      165,087,201      2,761,508     167,848,709

      Adjustments                                     -              -             -                -          419          1,696                -             -              -            5,786            7,901              -            7,901

      As at 1 January 2023                    9,075,589      19,200,000   (1,202,324)      70,482,059     7,791,328     21,026,134         84,554         42,643        666,033       37,929,086     165,095,102       2,761,508     167,856,610

      Changes in equity for 2023

      Profit for the year                             -              -             -                -            -              -                -             -              -        12,750,633     12,750,633        285,627       13,036,260

      Other comprehensive income /
       (expense) for the year                         -              -             -                -            -              -           56,617        (3,571)       220,883                -         273,929          42,070         315,999

      Total comprehensive income /
        (expense) for the year                        -              -             -                -            -              -           56,617        (3,571)       220,883        12,750,633     13,024,562         327,697      13,352,259

      Issue of perpetual subordinated
        bonds                                         -      6,500,000             -          (4,087)            -              -                -             -              -                -       6,495,913               -       6,495,913

      Acquisition of non-controlling
       interests                                      -              -             -             2,161           -              -                -             -              -                -             2,161       (7,534)         (5,373)

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                      -              -        130,514         149,947            -              -                -             -              -                -         280,461          35,029         315,490
        payments

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                -              -             -                -    1,046,672              -                -             -              -       (1,046,672)               -              -               -

      Appropriation to general reserve                -              -             -                -            -       2,432,201               -             -              -       (2,432,201)               -              -               -

      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                      -              -             -                -            -              -                -             -              -       (4,063,223)    (4,063,223)         (51,810)     (4,115,033)
        shareholders for the year

      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                      -              -             -                -            -              -                -             -              -        (705,430)       (705,430)               -       (705,430)
        subordinated bonds

      Other comprehensive income
       that has been reclassified to                  -              -             -                -            -              -             1,462            -              -           (1,462)               -              -               -
       retained profits

      Others                                      (926)              -         7,637       (1,027,890)           -              -                -             -              -                -       (1,021,179)        44,175       (977,004)

      As at 31 December 2023                  9,074,663     25,700,000    (1,064,173)      69,602,190    8,838,000     23,458,335          142,633        39,072        886,916        42,430,731     179,108,367      3,109,065      182,217,432




      The notes on pages 271 to 410 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




267
                                         Financial Report and                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Corporate Governance                                                                            About Us                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                       and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                  Note               2024                                        2023



          Cash flows from operating activities:

            Profit before income tax                                                            15,352,340                                  14,204,664

            Adjustments for:

            Interest expenses                                                                   10,856,424                                  13,662,909

            Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                   (2,353,953)                                 (2,584,784)

            Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                                 1,774,611                                 1,856,409
            Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of
                                                                                                   246,269                                   (410,946)
              reversal
            Expenses recognised from equity-settled share-based payment                             96,548                                     184,975

            Net gains arising from disposal of subsidiaries                                    (6,335,547)                                            -

            Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                             (2,351)                                     (2,019)

            Foreign exchange gains                                                                (197,191)                                 (669,375)
            Dividend income and interest income from financial assets
              through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at                        (1,943,376)                                (1,907,369)
              amortised cost
            Net (gains) / losses arising from derecognition of financial assets
                                                                                                   (101,101)                                    80,389
             at fair value through other comprehensive income
            Net gains arising from other investments                                                      -                                    (10,173)

            Net gains arising from acquisition of investment in an associate                              -                                  (239,728)
            Unrealised fair value changes in financial instruments at fair
                                                                                                 3,873,533                                 (7,493,050)
             value through profit or loss
            Unrealised fair value changes in derivatives                                           891,069                                   6,788,150

            Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                             22,157,275                                23,460,052

            Decrease in refundable deposits                                                      7,092,980                                   2,162,499

            Increase in margin accounts receivable                                            (20,449,188)                                  (11,687,710)
            Decrease / (Increase) in accounts receivable, other receivables
                                                                                                 3,393,590                                 (2,407,309)
             and prepayments
            (Increase) / decrease in financial assets held under resale
                                                                                               (3,547,957)                                   3,566,747
              agreements
            Decrease / (Increase) in financial instruments at fair value
                                                                                                94,168,963                                 (48,987,181)
             through profit or loss
            Decrease in restricted bank deposits                                                  1,738,812                                    771,438

            (Increase) / decrease in cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                 (33,623,986)                                   3,250,051

            Increase / (decrease) in accounts payable to brokerage clients                      39,894,426                                 (7,850,363)

            (Decrease) / increase in other payables and accruals                              (37,148,066)                                  5,855,964




268
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS-continued
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                           (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                    Note               2024                                        2023



Cash flows from operating activities: - continued

 Increase / (decrease) in employee benefits payable                                  396,416                                   (1,311,734)


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
 Decrease in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  (23,007,981)                                    (61,849)
 (Decrease) / increase in placements from other financial
                                                                                 (9,415,067)                                  13,646,948
   institutions
 Cash generated from / (used in) operations                                        41,650,217                               (19,592,447)

 Income taxes paid                                                                (1,551,541)                                 (1,533,277)

 Interest paid                                                                   (5,280,239)                                 (7,349,829)

 Net cash generated from / (used in) operating activities                         34,818,437                                (28,475,553)



Cash flows from investing activities




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
 Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                        15,917                                    50,428

 Dividends received from associates                                                1,037,955                                   1,656,232

 Dividend income and interest income from financial assets




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
  through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at                       2,146,830                                   1,854,296
  amortised cost
 Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
                                                                                   9,502,848                                   8,575,782
   other comprehensive income
 Proceeds from disposal of debt instruments at amortised cost                      11,800,022                                 17,081,000
 Purchase of property and equipment, investment properties,
                                                                                 (1,806,042)                                 (1,676,304)
 other intangible assets and other non-current assets
 Acquisition of interests in associates                                           (285,868)                                   (1,380,177)

 Divestments of associates, joint ventures and other investments                     154,684                                    347,575




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
 Proceeds on disposal of a subsidiary                                             10,796,229                                            -

 Purchase of debt instruments at amortised cost                                   (9,547,511)                               (18,729,293)
 Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other
                                                                                 (3,318,943)                                (14,044,006)
  comprehensive income
 Net cash generated from / (used in) investing activities                          20,496,121                                (6,264,467)




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                             269
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS - continued
                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024

                                                                                        (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                          Note                      2024                                       2023



          Cash flows from financing activities:

            Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt instruments                              36,075,820                                 43,556,056

            Proceeds from issuance of long-term bonds                                                   -                                  48,241,623

            Proceeds from issuance of perpetual bonds                                           2,597,842                                   6,495,913

            Proceeds from bank loans                                                            3,355,750                                   11,377,260

            Repayment of bank loans                                                           (12,019,460)                                 (8,124,312)

            Repayment of debt securities issued                                              (76,217,308)                                (67,858,553)

            Short-term bank loans interest paid                                                 (314,768)                                  (545,002)

            Long-term bank loans interest paid                                                   (44,278)                                    (53,487)

            Short-term debt instruments interest paid                                          (1,582,413)                                (5,330,291)

            Long-term bonds interest paid                                                     (4,610,987)                                  (4,362,411)

            Dividends paid                                                                    (6,280,608)                                 (4,769,463)

            Payment of lease liabilities                                                        (623,242)                                   (662,201)

            Payment on repurchase and cancellation of shares                                     (15,348)                                     (7,637)

            Acquisition of partial interest of a subsidiary                                             -                                     (5,373)

            Cash received from Restricted Share Incentive Scheme                                    8,674                                       9,670

            Net cash (used in) / generated from financing activities     42 (b)              (59,670,326)                                   17,961,792

            Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                         (4,355,768)                                (16,778,228)

            Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                             59,830,329                                 75,549,060

            Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                              558,648                                    1,059,497

            Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year       42 (a)                56,033,209                                 59,830,329




          The notes on pages 271 to 410 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




270
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024

   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2024
                                                                               (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



1 General information

Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the "Company"), formerly known as Jiangsu Securities Company, was approved by the People's
Bank of China ("PBOC"), and registered with the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Jiangsu Province on 9 April


                                                                                                                                                        About Us
1991, with a registered capital of RMB10 million. The Company was renamed as Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company
on 21 December 1999 and then renamed as Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 7 December 2007 as a result of the conversion into
a joint stock limited liability company.

The Company publicly issued RMB784,561,275 ordinary shares (the "A shares") in February 2010, and was listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange on 26 February 2010.

In June 2015, the Company issued RMB1,562,768,800 H shares, which were listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the "Hong Kong Stock Exchange"). Due to the issuance and listing of H Shares, the relevant state-owned
shareholders transferred 156,276,880 state owned A Shares of the Company, representing 10% of the number of H Shares


                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
issued this time, to the National Council for Social Security Fund of the PRC in the form of H Shares.

In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated ordinary shares (A


                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
Shares) by way of "Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors".

In June 2019, the Company issued 82,515,000 Global Deposits Receipts (the "GDRs"), representing 825,150,000 new A shares,
and was listed on the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London Stock Exchange").

From September 2022 to December 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 49,347,719 restricted
A shares, and the Company's registered capital has been reduced by RMB 49,347,719.

As at 31 December 2024, the Company's registered capital was RMB9,027,302,281 and the Company has a total of




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
9,027,302,281 issued shares of RMB1 each.

As at 31 December 2024, the Company has 27 branches and 248 securities business offices. Please refer to Note 24 for
details of subsidiaries of the Company.

The Company and its subsidiaries (the "Group") are principally engaged in securities business, securities underwriting
and sponsorship, securities investment advisory, asset management, agency sale of financial products, intermediary
introduction business for the futures companies, agency sale and custody of securities investment fund, mutual fund
management, direct investment business, alternative investment business, futures brokerage business and other business
activities as approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the "CSRC").




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
2 Material accounting policy information

(1) Statement of compliance




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
("IFRS Accounting Standards") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). In addition, the consolidated
financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ("Listing Rules") and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. A summary of the material
accounting policy information adopted by the Group are set out below.


(2) Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards

Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current
year
In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards issued by IASB for the




                                                                                                                                               271
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group's annual period beginning on 1 January 2024 for the preparation of
          the consolidated financial statements:

          Amendments to IFRS 16 		                  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback

          Amendments to IAS 1		                     Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current

          Amendments to IAS 1		                     Non-current Liabilities with Covenants

          Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7            Supplier Finance Arrangements

          The application of the amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no material impact on the
          Group's consolidated financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out
          in these consolidated financial statements.


          New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective

          The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that have been issued
          but are not yet effective:




          Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7           Amendments to the Classification and Measurement

          				                                       of Financial Instruments3

          Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7           Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3

          Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor

          				                                       and its Associate or Joint Venture1

          Amendments to IFRS Accounting             Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting

          Standards			                               Standards - Volume 113

          Amendments to IAS 21 		                   Lack of Exchangeability2

          IFRS 18				                               Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4

          1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

          2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.

          3 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.

          4 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


          IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

          IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation and disclosures
          in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new IFRS Accounting Standard, while
          carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements to present specified categories and
          defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures
          in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the
          financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7
          Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.

          IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027, with
          early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation of the statement of
          profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process of assessing the detailed impact
          of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

          Except as described above, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of other amendments to IFRS




272
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.


(3) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except that the following assets and
liabilities are measured at their fair value: financial derivatives, non-derivative financial assets and liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The methods used to measure fair
value are discussed further in Note 2(8).

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi ("RMB"), which is the functional currency of the Company.
All financial information presented in RMB has been rounded to the nearest thousand, except when otherwise indicated. The


                                                                                                                                               About Us
Group translates the consolidated financial statements of subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies into the
Group's functional currency if the subsidiaries' functional currencies are not the same as that of the Group.


(4) Basis of consolidation

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires management
to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.




                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Judgments made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have significant effect on the
consolidated financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2(30).

(i) Business combinations

The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and
assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group (see Note 2(4)(ii)). In determining whether
a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired
includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
The Group has an option to apply a 'concentration test' that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of
activities and assets is not a business. The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.

(ii) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When
assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
gains arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meet the definition of a financial
liability.

Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented
on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the reporting period
between non-controlling interests and the shareholders of the Company.




                                                                                                                                      273
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Changes in the Group's interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
          transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
          consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss
          is recognised.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with
          a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when
          control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
          asset (see Note 2(8)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture
          (see Note 2(4)(iii)).

          In the Company's statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see
          Note 2(15)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for
          sale).

          (iii) Associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
          management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

          A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or Company and other parties contractually agree to share control of
          the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

          Investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
          method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) or applied
          the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and measured the investment at fair value
          through profit or loss. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the
          Group's share of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee's identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
          any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group's share of the investee's net assets
          and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 2(15)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group's
          share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised
          in profit or loss, whereas the Group's share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees' other comprehensive
          income is recognised in other comprehensive income.

          When the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group's interest is reduced to
          nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
          obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group's interest is the carrying amount of
          the investment under the equity method together with the Group's long-term interests that in substance form part of the
          Group's net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

          Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are
          eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
          impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

          If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not remeasured.
          Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

          When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
          capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
          in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position.

          In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
          venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
          in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is
          recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note
          2(8)).

          In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint venture of the Company are
          accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is




274
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
classified as held for sale) or applied the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and
measured the investment at fair value through profit or loss.


(5) Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of:

(i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
acquiree and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

(ii) the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.


                                                                                                                                         About Us
When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to
each cash-generating unit ("CGU"), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination
and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(15)).

On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the
profit or loss on disposal.


(6) Foreign currency

When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to RMB at the spot exchange
                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial recognition, translated to RMB at the spot
exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.

A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the PBOC, the State Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate
determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under
a systematic and rational method, normally the average exchange rate of the current period.

Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of the
reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for exchange differences




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely
to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other
comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group's interests
in associates/joint ventures.

Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to RMB using
the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are
measured at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rate at the date the fair value is determined; the resulting
exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for the differences arising from the translation of equity
securities investment designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) (except on impairment,




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
in which case foreign currency differences that have been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
profit or loss), which are recognised as OCI in reserve.

The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of reporting




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
period. The equity items, excluding "retained profits", are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction
dates. The income and expenses of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
approximate the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other
comprehensive income, and presented in the foreign currency translation reserve (translation reserve) in equity. Upon
disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognised in shareholders' equity
which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the period in which the disposal occurs.


(7) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, short term deposits, and short-term, highly liquid
investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of change in




                                                                                                                                275
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          value.


          (8) Financial instruments

          (i) Recognition and initial measurement

          Financial instruments are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the investment.
          Financial instruments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those
          investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in
          profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 2(8)(iv). Financial
          instruments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

          (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

          On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI; or FVTPL.

          Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for
          managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting
          period following the change in the business model.

          A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at
          FVTPL:

          - it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

          - its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
          principal amount outstanding.

          A debt instruments is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

          - it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling the
          financial assets; and

          - its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
          principal amount outstanding.

          On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present
          subsequent changes in the investment's fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.

          All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL.
          This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset
          that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or
          significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.

          Financial assets - Business model assessment

          The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level
          because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management.

          Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for
          this purpose, consistent with the Group's continuing recognition of the assets.

          Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are
          measured at FVTPL.

          Financial assets - Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

          For the purposes of this assessment, 'principal' is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition.
          'Interest' is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal
          amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and
          administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

          In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the




276
                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that
could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this
assessment, the Group considers:

- contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;

- terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features;

- prepayment and extension features; and

- terms that limit the Group's claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).



                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount
substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include
reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at
a discount or premium to its contractual paramount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that
substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also
include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value
of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.

Financial assets - Subsequent measurement and gains and losses



                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Financial assets at FVTPL                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or
                                             dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

Financial assets at amortised cost           These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The
                                             amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses
                                             and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit
                                             or loss.

Debt instruments at FVOCI                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the effective
                                             interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss.
                                             Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in
                                             OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Equity investments at FVOCI                  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or
                                             loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                             gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.




Financial liabilities - Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses

Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is
classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL
are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. The fair
value change of a financial liability designated at FVTPL that is attributable to changes of that financial liability's credit risk




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
is to be recognised in OCI (without reclassification to profit or loss). Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at
amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised
in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
(iii) Impairment

The Group recognises loss allowances for Expected Credit Losses (ECLs) on:

- financial assets measured at amortised cost;

- debt instruments measured at FVOCI;

- financial guarantee contracts;

- contract assets;and

- lease receivables.

Debt instruments at fair value, FVTPL and equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL




                                                                                                                                                          277
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          assessment.

          Measurement of ECLs

          ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash
          shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows
          that the Group expects to receive).

          The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is
          exposed to credit risk.

          In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue
          cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

          ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

          - 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the
          reporting date; and

          - lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the
          items to which the ECL model applies.

          Loss allowances for accounts receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
          ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience,
          adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic
          conditions at the reporting date.

          For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been
          a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is
          measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

          The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which are measured at
          12-month ECLs:

          - debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

          - other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the
          financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

          Significant increases in credit risk

          When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
          estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
          cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group's historical
          experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.

          In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly
          since initial recognition:

          - failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

          - an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument's external or internal credit rating (if available);

          - an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

          - existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse
          effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

          Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly since
          initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument
          is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its
          contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
          longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.




278
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed
on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial
instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

Definition of default

For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally
or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without
taking into account any collateral held by the Group).

Credit-impaired financial assets


                                                                                                                                               About Us
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI
are credit-impaired. A financial asset is 'credit-impaired' when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

- significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;

- a breach of contract such as a default;




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
- the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;

- it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisations; or



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
- the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

- the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

Presentation of allowance for ECL in the consolidated statement of financial position

Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the
assets.




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is recognised in OCI.

Write-off

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written-off when the Group has no reasonable expectations of recovering
a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no significant recovery from the amount written-
off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the
Group's procedures for recovery of amounts due.

Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written-off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or
loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

(iv) Fair value measurement




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
If there is an active market for a financial asset or financial liability, the quoted market price without adjusting for
transaction costs that may be incurred upon future disposal or settlement is used to establish the fair value of the financial
asset or financial liability. Quoted prices from an active market are prices that are readily and regularly available from an




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
exchange, dealer, broker, industry group or pricing service agency, and represent actual and regularly occurring market
transactions on an arm's length basis.

If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair value. Valuation
techniques include using recent arm's length market transactions between knowledgeable, willing parties, reference
to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
pricing models. Where discounted cash flow technique is used, future cash flows are estimated based on management's
best estimates and the discount rate used is the prevailing market rate applicable for instrument with similar terms and
conditions at the end of the reporting period. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on market data at the
end of the reporting period.

In estimating the fair value of a financial asset and financial liability, the Group considers all factors including, but not




                                                                                                                                      279
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          limited to, risk-free interest rate, credit risk, foreign exchange rate and market volatility, that are likely to affect the fair value
          of the financial asset and financial liability.

          The Group obtains market data from the same market where the financial instrument was originated or purchased.

          (v) Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities

          Financial assets (or a part of a financial asset or group of financial assets) are derecognised when the financial assets
          meet one of the following conditions:

          - the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or

          - the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets or where substantially all
          the risks and rewards of ownership of a financial asset are neither retained nor transferred, the control over that asset is
          relinquished.

          If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but
          retains control, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and relevant liability to the extent of its continuing
          involvement in the financial asset.

          The financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised only when the underlying present obligation (or part of it) specified in
          the contracts is discharged, cancelled or expired. An agreement between the Group and an existing lender to replace the
          original financial liability with a new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the
          terms of an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and recognition
          of a new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of the derecognised financial liability and the
          consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

          (vi) Offsetting

          Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial
          position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the transactions are
          intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realising the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.

          (vii) Equity instruments

          An equity instrument is a contract that proves the ownership interest of the residual assets after deducting all liabilities of
          the Group. Considerations received from issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs are recognised in equity.
          Considerations and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing its own equity instruments are deducted from
          equity.

          (viii) Perpetual bonds

          At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds issued as financial liabilities or equity instruments based
          on their contractual terms and their economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity
          instruments.

          Perpetual bonds issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on the actual
          amount received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the instruments' duration is treated as profit appropriation.
          When the perpetual bonds are redeemed according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to equity.

          (ix) Derivative financial instruments

          Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value is
          remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss, except where
          the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or hedges of net investment in a foreign operation, in which case
          recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being hedged.

          A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more
          than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months. Other derivatives are presented as current assets
          or current liabilities.

          (x) Hedge accounting

          At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group formally designates the hedge instruments and the hedged items,




280
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
and documents the hedging relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management
objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identiﬁcation of the hedging instrument,
the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument's
effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item's fair value or cash ﬂows attributable to the hedged
risk. Such hedges are expected to meet the hedge effectiveness in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash ﬂows
and are assessed on an ongoing basis to analyse the sources of hedge ineffectiveness which are expected to affect
the hedging relationship in remaining hedging period. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness
requirement relating to the hedge ratio, but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship
remains the same, the Group would rebalance the hedging relationship.



                                                                                                                                         About Us
The Group designates such hedged items as debt securities issued with floating interest that expose the Group to the risk of
variability of its cash flows.

Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group's risk management positions,
do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held for trading with fair value gains or losses
recognised in proﬁt or loss. Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for in accordance
with the Group's accounting policy as set out below.

Fair value hedges




                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or
an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment, or an identiﬁed portion of such an asset, liability or unrecognised ﬁrm commitment,
that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income. Among them,


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
the circumstances affecting other comprehensive income are limited to the hedging for the risk exposure from fair value
change of non-trading equity investment designated as at FVOCI. For fair value hedges, the carrying amount of the hedged
item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable to the risk being hedged, the derivative is remeasured at fair value and
the gains and losses from both are taken to proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income.

For hedged items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged item and the face
value is amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective interest rate method.




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
When an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in the fair
value of the ﬁrm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain
or loss recognised in proﬁt or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognised in proﬁt or
loss.

The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting when the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria
after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has
been sold, terminated or exercised. If the hedged items are derecognised, the unamortised fair value is recorded in proﬁt or
loss.

Cash ﬂow hedges

Cash ﬂow hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to variability in cash ﬂows that is attributable to a particular risk




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
associated with a recognised asset or liability, a highly probable forecast transaction or a component of any such item,
and could affect proﬁt or loss. For designated and qualifying cash ﬂow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on
the hedging instrument is initially recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the gain or




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
loss on the hedging instrument is recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss.

When the hedged cash ﬂow affects proﬁt or loss, the gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised directly in other
comprehensive income is recycled in the corresponding income or expense line of the statement of proﬁt or loss. When
the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging
relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has been sold, terminated or exercised, any cumulative gain
or loss existing in other comprehensive income at that time remains in other comprehensive income until the hedged
forecast transaction ultimately occurs. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or
loss that was reported in other comprehensive income is immediately transferred to proﬁt or loss.

Net investment hedges

Net investment hedge is a hedge of the currency risk of a net investment in a foreign institution operation.




                                                                                                                                281
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash ﬂow hedges. Any gain or loss on the
          hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised directly in other comprehensive income; the
          gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised in proﬁt or loss immediately. Gains and losses accumulated in
          other comprehensive income are included in proﬁt or loss when the foreign operation is disposed of as part of the gain or
          loss on the disposal.


          (9) Margin financing and securities lending

          Margin financing and securities lending refer to the lending of funds by the Group to customers for purchase of securities,
          or lending of securities by the Group to customers for securities selling, for which the customers provide the Group with
          collateral.

          The classification, subsequent measurement and impairment of margin financing receivables is based on policies in Note
          2(8). Securities lent are not derecognised when the risk and rewards are not transferred, and interest income from margin
          financing receivables and securities lent is recognised accordingly.

          The collateral is not recognised on the statement of financial position, the transfer of the collateral from counterparties is
          only reflected on the statement of financial position if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred.

          Securities trading on behalf of margin financing or securities lending customers are accounted for as securities brokerage
          business.


          (10) Financial assets held under resale and sold under repurchase agreements

          Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions where the Group acquires financial assets which will
          be resold at a predetermined price at a future date under resale agreements. Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements are transactions where the Group sells financial assets which will be repurchased at a predetermined price at
          a future date under repurchase agreements.

          The cash advanced or received is recognised as amounts held under resale or sold under repurchase agreements in the
          consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in memorandum accounts
          as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the consolidated
          statement of financial position.

          The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale and repurchase consideration,
          is amortised over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest
          income and interest expenses, respectively.


          (11) Investments in subsidiaries

          In the Group's consolidated financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance with the
          principles described in Note 2(4).

          In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost method. The
          investment is stated at cost less impairment loss (Note 2(15)) in the statements of financial position. Except for declared
          but not yet distributed cash dividends or profits distribution that have been included in the price or consideration paid
          in obtaining the investments, the Group recognises its share of the cash dividends or profit distribution declared by the
          investees as investment income.


          (12) Property and equipment and construction in progress

          (i) Recognition and measurement

          Items of property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
          losses (see Note 2(15)). Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-
          constructed assets includes the following:

          - the cost of materials and direct labour;

          - any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use;




282
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
- when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling and
removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and

- capitalised borrowing costs.

Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.
When parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items
(major components) of property and equipment.

Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property and equipment (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds
from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in profit or loss.


                                                                                                                                              About Us
Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditures incurred which include all necessary
expenditures incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation and other costs incurred to
bring the asset to its intended use.

Items classified as construction in progress are transferred to property and equipment when such assets are ready for their
intended use.

(ii) Subsequent costs

Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the


                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
expenditure will flow to the Group. Ongoing repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.




                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
(iii) Depreciation

Items of property and equipment are depreciated from the date they are available for use or, in respect of self-constructed
assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.

Depreciation is calculated to write-off the cost of items of property and equipment less their estimated residual values
using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

Depreciation is generally recognised in profit or loss, unless the amount is included in the carrying amount of another asset.




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that
the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years of significant items of property and equipment are as
follows:


                                                       Estimated                      Estimated                    Depreciation
Types of assets                                       useful lives               residual values                          rates



Buildings                                             30 - 35 years                           3%                    2.77% - 3.23%

Motor vehicles                                          5 - 8 years                           3%                   12.13% - 19.40%

Electronic equipment                                       5 years                            3%                           19.40%




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Furniture and fixtures                                     5 years                            3%                           19.40%




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress. Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values
are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.


(13) Investment property

Investment property is property held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in
the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

Investment property is accounted for using the cost model and stated in the financial statements at cost less accumulated
depreciation, and impairment losses (see Note 2(15)). The cost of investment property, less its estimated residual value and
accumulated impairment losses, is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, unless the
investment property is classified as held for sale.




                                                                                                                                     283
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                    Estimated                    Estimated                      Depreciation
                                                                   useful lives             residual values                            rates



          Investment property                                      30 - 35 years                         3%                      2.77% - 3.23%




          Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment property. The cost of self-
          constructed investment property includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to
          bringing the investment property to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs.


          (14) Land-use rights and other intangible assets

          Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and
          impairment loss (see Note 2(15)). For an intangible asset with finite useful life, its cost less impairment loss is amortised on
          the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.

          The respective amortisation periods for intangible assets are as follows:



          Types of assets                                                                                              Estimated useful lives




          Existing relationships with broker-dealers                                                                                Indefinite

          Enterprise distribution channel customer relationships                                                                    Indefinite

          Trading seat fee                                                                                                          Indefinite

          Land-use rights                                                                                                       40 - 50 years

          Trade names                                                                                                             11 - 20 years

          Software and others                                                                                                     2 - 14 years




          An intangible asset is regarded as having an indefinite useful life and is not amortised when there is no foreseeable limit to
          the period over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.


          (15) Impairment of non-financial assets

          The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
          indication of impairment:

          - property and equipment

          - construction in progress

          - investment property

          - land-use rights and other intangible assets

          - equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

          - goodwill

          - leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses

          If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
          assets are tested annually for impairment. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU
          exceeds its recoverable amount.

          The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing
          value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
          reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For impairment
          testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that
          are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs. Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, CGUs to




284
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the
lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is
allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first
to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying
amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed only to the
extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

                                                                                                                                           About Us
(16) Non-current assets held for sale

Non-current assets (and disposal groups) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally
through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is regarded as met only when the asset (or
disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary
for sales of such asset (or disposal group) and its sale is highly probable. Management must be committed to the sale,
which should be expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets and liabilities of that
subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met, regardless of whether the Group will



                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
retain a non-controlling interest in the relevant subsidiary after the sale.

When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving disposal of an investment, or a portion of an investment, in an
associate or joint venture, the investment or the portion of the investment that will be disposed of is classified as held for
sale when the criteria described above are met, and the Group discontinues the use of the equity method in relation to the
portion that is classified as held for sale from the time when the investment (or a portion of the investment) is classified as
held for sale.

Non-current assets (and disposal groups) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their carrying amount




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
and fair value less costs to sell, except for financial assets within the scope of IFRS 9 which continue to be measured in
accordance with the accounting policies as set out in respective sections.


(17) Contract assets and contract liabilities

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy
set out in Note 2(8)(iii) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.

A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue.
A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple
contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under the
effective interest method.


(18) Employee benefits

(i) Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing
plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by
the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.




                                                                                                                                  285
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (ii) Defined contribution plans

          A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
          separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined
          contribution plans are recognised as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related
          services are rendered by employees.

          (iii) Other long-term employee benefits

          The Group's net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the amount of future
          benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted
          to determine its present value, and the fair value of any related assets is deducted. The discount rate is the yield at the
          reporting date on corporate bonds, which have a credit rating of at least AA from rating agency, that have maturity dates
          approximating the terms of the Group's obligations and that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits are
          expected to be paid. The calculation is performed using the projected unit credit method. Any actuarial gains and losses
          are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

          (iv) Termination benefits

          Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic possibility
          of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date, or to provide
          termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary
          redundancies are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is probable that
          the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable more than 12
          months after the reporting date, then they are discounted to their present value.


          (19) Share-based payments

          (i) Accounting treatment of cash-settled share-based payments

          Where the Group receives services from employees by incurring a liability to deliver cash or other assets for amounts that
          are determined based on the price of shares or other equity instruments, the service received from employees is measured
          at the fair value of the liability incurred. If a cash-settled share-based payment do not vest until the completion of services
          for a period, or until the achievement of a specified performance condition, the Group recognises costs or expenses as
          services are received, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on
          the best estimate of the outcome of vesting. Until the liability is settled, the Group will remeasure the fair value of the liability
          at each balance sheet date and at the date of settlement, with changes recognised in profit or loss for the current period.

          When the Group receives services and has the obligation to settle the transaction, but the relevant equity instruments are
          issued by the Company's ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group classifies the transaction as cash-
          settled.

          (ii) Accounting treatment of equity-settled share-based payments

          Where the Group uses shares or other equity instruments as consideration for services received from the employees, the
          payment is measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted to the employees at the grant date. If the equity
          instruments granted do not vest until the completion of services for a period, or until the achievement of a specified
          performance condition, the Group recognises an amount at each balance sheet date during the vesting period based
          on the best estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest according to the newly obtained subsequent
          information of the changes of the number of the employees expected to vest the equity instruments. The Group measures
          the services received at the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments and recognises the costs or expenses as the
          services are received, with a corresponding increase in capital reserve.

          When the Group receives services, but the Group has no obligation to settle the transaction because the relevant equity
          instruments are issued by the Company's ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group also classifies the
          transaction as equity-settled.




286
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(20) Income tax

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax expense. Current tax and deferred tax is recognised in
profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

(i) Current tax

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or
substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax
payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends.

(ii) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for                   About Us
financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.

Deferred tax is not recognised for:

- temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination
and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal
taxable and deductible temporary differences;




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
- temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities to the extent that
the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not
reverse in the foreseeable future; and


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
- taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects,
at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. For investment
property that is measured at fair value, the presumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be
recovered through sale has not been rebutted.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and
assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities,
but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised
simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognised for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
be realised.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets
and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use
assets or the lease liabilities.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12
requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to
lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

(iii) Tax exposures

In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax positions
and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may
involve a series of judgements about future events. New information may become available that causes the Group to
change its judgement regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax
expense in the period that such a determination is made.




                                                                                                                                   287
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (21) Leases

          At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease
          if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
          To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group uses the definition of
          a lease in IFRS 16. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently
          changed.

          (i) As a lessee

          At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
          consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand‑alone prices. However, for the
          leases of property the Group has elected not to separate non‑lease components and account for the lease and non‑lease
          components as a single lease component.

          The Group recognises a right‑of‑use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right‑of‑use asset is
          initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at
          or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
          the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

          The right‑of‑use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‑line method from the commencement date to
          the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the
          lease term or the cost of the right‑of‑use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that case the
          right‑of‑use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis
          as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right‑of‑use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any,
          and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
          date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group's
          incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

          The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources
          and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.

          Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

          - fixed payments, including in‑substance fixed payments;

          - variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
          commencement date;

          - amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and

          - the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in
          an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early
          termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

          The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a
          change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group's estimate of
          the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
          will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised in‑substance fixed lease payment.

          When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
          right‑of‑use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right‑of‑use asset has been reduced to zero.

          The Group presents right‑of‑use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in 'property and equipment'
          and lease liabilities in 'other payables and accruals' in the statement of financial position.


          Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

          The Group has elected not to recognise right‑of‑use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low‑value assets and
          short‑term leases, including IT equipment. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an
          expense on a straight‑line basis over the lease term.




288
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(ii) As a lessor

At inception or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the
contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.

When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
lease.

To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks
and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then
it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for


                                                                                                                                             About Us
the major part of the economic life of the asset.

When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It
assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not
with reference to the underlying asset.

If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-
lease as an operating lease.

If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, then the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
in the contract.

The Group applies the derecognition and impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the net investment in the lease (see Note



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
2(8)). The Group further regularly reviews estimated unguaranteed residual values used in calculating the gross investment
in the lease.

The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
term as part of 'other income and gains'.


(22) Provisions and contingent liabilities

A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of
the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably,
the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible
obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are
also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


(23) Fiduciary activities

The Group acts in a fiduciary activity as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the Group and




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are recorded as off-balance sheet items as the risks and
rewards of the assets reside with customers.




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
(24) Revenue recognition

Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer at the amount of promised consideration
to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue
excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.

Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be
entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to a customer and includes in the transaction price some or all
of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a
significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.

Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for
more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount




                                                                                                                                    289
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued
          separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a
          significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted
          on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient of IFRS
          15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12
          months or less.

          Further details of the Group's revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

          (i) Commission income from brokerage business

          Brokerage commission income is recognised on a trade date basis when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling
          and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognised when the related services are rendered.

          (ii) Underwriting and sponsor fees

          Underwriting fee is recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the underwriting contract.

          Depending on contract terms, sponsor fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group's
          performance, or at a point in time when the service is completed.

          (iii) Advisory fees

          Depending on the nature of the advisory services and the contract terms, advisory fees are recognised progressively over
          time using a method that depicts the Group's performance, or at a point in time when the advisory service is completed.

          (iv) Asset management fees

          Asset management fees include periodic management fees calculated based on assets under management and
          performance-based fees. The fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group's
          performance, to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
          recognised will not occur.

          (v) Other income

          Other income is recognised on an accrual basis.


          (25) Expenses recognition

          (i) Commission expenses

          Commission expenses relate mainly to transactions, which are recognised as expenses when the services are received.

          (ii) Interest expenses

          Interest expenses are recognised based on the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

          (iii) Other expenses

          Other expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.


          (26) Dividend distribution

          Dividends or profit distributions proposed in the profit appropriation plan, which will be authorised and declared after the
          end of the reporting period, are not recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period but disclosed in the notes to
          the financial statements separately.


          (27) Government grants

          Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
          attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

          Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises
          as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose
          primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as




290
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
deferred revenue in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and
rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss
in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under "other income and gains".


(28) Related parties

(i) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:



                                                                                                                                           About Us
(1) has control or joint control over the Group;

(2) has significant influence over the Group; or

(3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.

(ii) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

(1) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
subsidiary is related to the others).




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(2) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of
which the other entity is a member).




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
(3) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

(4) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

(5) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the
Group.

(6) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).

(7) A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

(8) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or
to the Group's parent.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


(29) Segment reporting

Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the structure of the
Group's internal organisation, management requirements and internal reporting system. An operating segment is a




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose
financial performance are regularly reviewed by the Group's management to make decisions about resource to be
allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which financial information regarding financial position,




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
financial performance and cash flows is available.

Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments have same or
similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and service, the nature of
production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services, the methods used to distribute the
products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment.

Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment reporting,
and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements.


(30) Significant accounting estimates and judgements

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect




                                                                                                                                  291
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results
          may differ from these judgments and estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.
          Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods
          affected.

          (i) Fair value of financial instruments

          If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group determines the fair value by using valuation technique.
          Valuation technique makes maximum use of observable market input. However, where observable market inputs are not
          available, management makes estimates on such unobservable market inputs.

          (ii) Measurement of ECL

          The following significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring the ECL.

          Significant increase of credit risk

          As explained in Note 2(8)(iii), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for Stage 1 assets, or lifetime ECL
          assets for Stage 2 or Stage 3 assets. An asset moves to Stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial
          recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased, the Group takes into account
          qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information.

          Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics

          When ECLs are measured on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk
          characteristics. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess
          whether they continue to be similar. This is required in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is
          appropriate re-segmentation of the assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing
          portfolio that better reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to
          lifetime ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue to be
          measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the credit risk of the
          portfolios differ.

          Models and assumptions used

          The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most
          appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models, including
          assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk.

          Forward-looking information

          When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based on
          assumptions for the future movements of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

          Probability of default (PD)

          PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the
          calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.

          Loss given default (LGD)

          LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
          and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit
          enhancements.

          Loss rate (LR)

          LR represents the Group's expectation of the likelihood and extent of loss on exposure based on the relevant loan
          to collateral ratio. The Group uses historical loss rates based on publicly available information and assesses their
          appropriateness.




292
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(iii) Impairment of non-financial assets

At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amount of non-financial assets are reviewed to determine whether there
is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is
provided. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment.

Since the market price of an asset (the asset group) cannot be obtained reliably, the fair value of the asset cannot be
estimated reliably. In assessing the present value of future cash flows, significant judgements are exercised over the future
cash flows and discounting rates, based on all relevant materials which can be obtained together with reasonable and
supportable assumptions.



                                                                                                                                             About Us
(iv) Income taxes

Determining income tax provisions requires the Group to estimate the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
Group evaluates tax implications of transactions in accordance with prevailing tax regulations and makes tax provisions
accordingly. In addition, deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised. This requires significant judgement on the tax
treatments of certain transactions and also significant assessment on the probability that adequate future taxable profits
will be available for the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

(v) Determination scope of consolidation


                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, controls the investee.
The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of investors' returns.
The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

The Group held interests as investor and/or acted as investment manager in various structured entities including asset
management schemes, investment funds and partnerships. The Group considered its power, arising from the rights entitled
directly or indirectly, over the structured entities, and assessed whether the combination of investments it held together
with its remuneration created exposure to variability of returns from the structured entities that are of such significance that




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
it indicated the Group controlled the structured entities and should consolidated these structured entities.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    293
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3 Taxation

          The Group's main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:



          Tax type                                                                   Tax basis                                         Tax rate



          Value-added tax (VAT)                     Output VAT is calculated on product sales and taxable services revenue.             3% - 13%
                                                    The basis for VAT payable is to deduct input VAT from the output VAT for the
                                                    period.
          City maintenance and construction tax     Based on VAT payable                                                                 1% - 7%

          Education surcharge                       Based on VAT payable                                                                2% - 3%

          Local Education surcharge                 Based on VAT payable                                                                 1% - 2%

          Income tax                                Based on taxable profits                                                               25%(i)




          (i) The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in the Mainland China is 25% (2023: 25%). The
          income tax rate applicable to subsidiaries in Hong Kong is 16.5% (2023: 16.5%). The federal income tax of subsidiaries in the
          United States were provided at the rate of 21% (2023: 21%). Taxes of other overseas subsidiaries are charged at the relevant
          local rates.



          4 Fee and commission income


                                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                                  2024                     2023



          Income from securities brokerage and advisory business                                               8,549,351               7,870,599

          Income from asset management business                                                                4,810,453               6,422,832

          Income from underwriting and sponsorship business                                                    1,891,474                2,980,061

          Income from futures brokerage business                                                               1,561,096                 1,188,621

          Income from financial advisory business                                                                252,241                 238,015

          Other commission income                                                                                194,721                 240,854

          Total                                                                                               17,259,336               18,940,982




294
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
5 Interest income


                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                               2024                      2023



Interest income from margin financing and securities lending                6,773,051                7,839,468

Interest income from financial institutions                                 4,417,006                4,325,319

Interest income from debt instruments at amortised cost                     1,455,189                1,445,973

Interest income from securities-backed lendings                               146,181                 273,945
Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other


                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                                             479,387                   461,396
  comprehensive income
Interest income from other financial assets held under resale
                                                                             274,953                  247,544
  agreements
Others                                                                         15,227                   21,587

Total                                                                     13,560,994                 14,615,232




6 Net investment gains



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                               2024                      2023




                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Dividend income and interest income from financial instruments at
                                                                           8,976,586                 8,068,148
  fair value through profit or loss
Net realised gains from disposal of subsidiaries                           6,335,547                         -
Net realised gains/(losses) from disposal of derivative financial
                                                                           2,249,924                (8,941,901)
 instruments
Net realised gains from disposal of financial instruments at fair value
                                                                            1,690,391               11,639,856
 through profit or loss
Net realised gains/(losses) from disposal of debt instruments at fair
                                                                               101,101                (80,389)
 value through other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Dividend income from financial instruments at fair value through other
                                                                               8,800                         -
  comprehensive income
Unrealised fair value changes of derivative financial instruments          (988,058)                (6,518,537)
Unrealised fair value changes of financial instruments at fair value
                                                                          (3,873,533)                7,493,050
 through profit or loss
Other investment gains                                                              -                    10,173

Total                                                                     14,500,758                 11,670,400




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                  295
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          7 Other income and gains


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2024                            2023



          Income from commodity sales                                                  7,860,243                        4,890,072

          Government grants(i)                                                            193,172                        306,922

          Rental income                                                                   23,335                          30,709

          Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                      3,930                            1,525

          Gain on acquiring interest in an associate                                           -                         239,728

          Foreign exchange gain                                                          750,297                        1,322,894

          Others                                                                          133,418                         241,957

          Total                                                                        8,964,395                        7,033,807




          (i) The government grants were received unconditionally by the Company and its subsidiaries from the local government
          where they reside.



          8 Fee and commission expenses


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2024                            2023



          Expenses for securities brokerage and advisory business                       2,512,392                       2,366,556

          Expenses for futures brokerage business                                      1,084,258                          619,462

          Expenses for asset management business                                          664,112                        1,158,376

          Expenses for underwriting and sponsorship business                              46,564                          180,253

          Expenses for financial advisory business                                           330                             943

          Other commission expenses                                                         3,321                           2,700

          Total                                                                         4,310,977                       4,328,290




          9 Interest expenses


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2024                            2023



          Interest expenses on long-term bonds                                         4,752,586                        4,876,439
          Interest expenses on financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                                        3,411,098                       3,954,529
            agreements
          Interest expenses on placements from banks and other financial
                                                                                         777,410                        1,935,432
            institutions
          Interest expenses on short-term debt instruments issued                        525,412                         704,782

          Interest expenses of accounts payable to brokerage clients                    830,502                          1,187,166

          Interest expenses on short-term bank loans                                     220,685                          597,601

          Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                          50,632                           63,271

          Interest expenses on long-term bank loans                                       34,669                           59,122

          Others                                                                         253,430                         284,567

          Total                                                                       10,856,424                       13,662,909




296
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
10 Staff costs


                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                Note                    2024                                 2023



Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                    8,025,434                             7,245,418

Contribution to pension schemes                                                        899,117                             942,195

Share-based payment expense                                     63                     101,204                             187,494

Other social welfare                                                                 1,048,866                             996,735

Total                                                                               10,074,621                            9,371,842


                                                                                                                                                About Us

The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in social welfare plans, including pension, medical, housing,
and other welfare benefits, organised and administered by the governmental authorities. According to the relevant
regulations, the premiums and welfare benefits contributions that should be borne by the Group are calculated on a regular
basis and paid to the labour and social welfare authorities. The contributions to the social security plans are expensed as
incurred.

The Group provides its full-time employees in Mainland China and certain countries or jurisdictions outside Mainland


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
China with relevant pension plans as required by the governments or by local labour laws, including the basic pension
plan in Mainland China, the Mandatory Provident Funds in Hong Kong and other statutory plans in certain countries outside



                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Mainland China. The Group did not have any forfeited contributions under these pension plans.

The Group also provides an enterprise annuity plan to employees in Mainland China. According to the plan, when an
employee resigns, part of the contributed amount may be returned to the Company's enterprise annuity account based
on his/her actual working time. Such returned contributions had no impact on the level of annuity contributions for existing
employees. The Group did not utilise any of such forfeited contributions to reduce the existing level of contributions.



11 Depreciation and amortisation expenses




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2024                                 2023



Amortisation of land-use rights and other intangible assets                           556,849                                571,151

Depreciation of property and equipment                                               1,073,402                             1,123,754

   - Right-of-use assets                                                              547,296                              590,215

   - Other property and equipment                                                     526,106                              533,539
Amortisation of leasehold improvements and long-term deferred
                                                                                      136,768                                151,130
 expenses
Depreciation of investment properties                                                   7,592                                10,374




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Total                                                                                 1,774,611                           1,856,409




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                       297
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          12 Tax and surcharges


                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                  2024                    2023



          City maintenance and construction tax                                  67,642                   71,367

          Education surcharges                                                   49,472                  52,929

          Others                                                                 62,303                  63,368

          Total                                                                  179,417                 187,664




          13 Other operating expenses


                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                  2024                    2023



          Cost of commodity sales                                             7,947,202                4,935,251

          IT expenses                                                         2,025,726                2,283,005

          Consulting fees                                                       490,561                 352,224

          Marketing, advertising and promotion expenses                         423,647                  482,319

          Stock exchange fees                                                   366,592                 476,254

          Postal and communication expenses                                     326,875                 322,632

          Travel expenses                                                       318,539                  377,100

          Litigation and regulatory matters(Note58)                             176,067                  700,119

          Securities investor protection funds                                  106,242                  110,900

          Utilities                                                              65,681                  68,409

          Products distribution expenses                                         54,924                   55,377

          Rental expenses                                                         31,234                  39,142

          Auditors' remuneration                                                  12,578                  12,022

          Others                                                              1,498,909                 1,429,619

          Total                                                               13,844,777               11,644,373




          14 Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal


                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                  2024                    2023



          Reversal of impairment losses against cash and bank balances            (190)                    (290)
          Provision for impairment losses against cash held on behalf of
                                                                                      15                       -
            brokerage clients
          Provision for / (reversal of) impairment losses against margin
                                                                                242,700                  (6,325)
            accounts receivable
          Provision for impairment losses against other receivables and
                                                                                  4,453                   23,917
            interest receivable
          (Reversal of) /provision for impairment losses against debt
                                                                                  (125)                      367
            instruments at amortised cost
          (Reversal of) /provision for impairment losses against financial
                                                                               (32,659)                    11,753
            assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
          Reversal of impairment losses against financial assets held under
                                                                               (36,155)                (485,801)
            resale agreements
          Provision for impairment losses against accounts receivable            68,230                  45,433

          Total                                                                 246,269                (410,946)




298
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
15 Income tax expense

(a) Taxation in the consolidated income statements represents:


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2024                              2023



Current income tax

   - Mainland China                                                                      882,656                          1,080,281




                                                                                                                                               About Us
   - Hong Kong                                                                            73,273                           128,348

   - Overseas                                                                            309,284                           321,369

                                                                                        1,265,213                         1,529,998

Adjustment in respect of prior years

   - Mainland China                                                                      (27,219)                          (28,198)



Deferred tax                                                                          (1,404,528)                        (333,396)

Total                                                                                  (166,534)                          1,168,404




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
(1) According to the PRC Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") Law that took effect on 1 January 2008, the Company and the Group's
subsidiaries in the Mainland China are subject to CIT at the statutory tax rate of 25%.


                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
(2) Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits. The federal income
tax of subsidiaries in the United States were provided at the rate of 21%, whereas the states' income tax are charged at the
applicable local tax rates.

(3) As at 31 December 2024, the profits from jurisdictions where the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted
but not yet in effect is less than 0.1 per cent of the Group's total profits. The Group is continuing to assess the impact of the
Pillar Two income taxes legislation on its future financial performance.




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception for recognising and disclosing deferred tax assets and
liabilities for the impacts of the top-up tax and accounts for it as a current tax when it is incurred.


(b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rate:


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                                                           2024                              2023



Profit before income tax                                                              15,352,340                        14,204,664

Notional tax calculated using the PRC statutory tax rate                               3,838,085                          3,551,166




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                                     190,172                          274,688

Tax effect of non-taxable income                                                     (2,522,090)                        (2,302,220)
Tax effect of deductible temporary differences or unused tax
                                                                                            9,214                              544
  losses not recognised




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Effect of using the deductible tax losses for which no deferred tax
                                                                                         (5,054)                           (10,033)
  asset was recognised in previous period
Effect of different tax rates of the subsidiaries                                     (1,420,405)                         (141,529)

Adjustment in respect of prior years                                                     (27,219)                          (28,198)

Others (Note)                                                                          (229,237)                          (176,014)

Income tax expense for the year                                                        (166,534)                          1,168,404




Note: The balance of others mainly represents tax impact of dividends to perpetual subordinated bonds.




                                                                                                                                      299
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          16 Directors' and supervisors' remuneration

          The remuneration of directors and supervisors for current year who held office is as follows:



                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2024
                                                             Salaries, allowances          Contribution
                                                             and benefits in kind           to pension        Annuity
          Name                             Directors' fees                                    schemes           plan     Total



          Executive directors

            Zhang Wei                                    -                    812                    47           219    1,078

            Zhou Yi                                      -                  1,440                    47            151   1,638

            Yin lihong                                   -                    731                    47           153      931



          Non-executive directors

            Ding Feng(1)                                 -                      -                     -             -        -

            Chen Zhongyang(1)                            -                      -                     -             -        -

            Ke Xiang(1)                                  -                      -                     -             -        -

            Zhang Jin Xin(1)                             -                      -                     -             -        -

            Liu Changchun(1)(3)                          -                      -                     -             -        -



          Independent non-executive
            directors
            Wang Jianwen                              240                       -                     -             -      240

            Wang Quansheng                            240                       -                     -             -      240

            Peng Bing                                 240                       -                     -             -      240

            Wang Bing                                 240                       -                     -             -      240

            Tse Yung Hoi (5)                           120                      -                     -             -      120

            Lo Kin Wing Terry(4)                       140                      -                     -             -      140



          Supervisors

            Gu Chengzhong                                -                  1,094                    47           158    1,299

            Li Chongqi(1)(5)                             -                      -                     -             -        -

            Yu Lanying(1)                                -                      -                     -             -        -

            Zhang Xiaohong(1)                            -                      -                     -             -        -

            Zhou Hongrong(1)                             -                      -                     -             -        -

            Wang Ying                                    -                  1,003                    47            83     1,133

            Wang Juan                                    -                    652                    47            73      772

            Lv Wei(1)(4)                                 -                      -                     -             -        -

          Total                                      1,220                  5,732                   282           837    8,071




300
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                  Salaries, allowances           Contribution
                                                  and benefits in kind            to pension       Annuity
Name                            Directors' fees                                     schemes          plan           Total



Executive directors

 Zhang Wei                                    -                    802                     46          167              1,015

 Zhou Yi                                      -                   1,440                    46          147           1,633

 Yin lihong                                   -                    722                     46          148               916



Non-executive directors


                                                                                                                                         About Us
 Ding Feng(1)                                 -                      -                      -            -                 -

 Chen Zhongyang(1)                            -                      -                      -            -                 -

 Ke Xiang(1)                                  -                      -                      -            -                 -

 Liu Changchun(1)(3)                          -                      -                      -            -                 -

 Zhang Jin Xin(1)                             -                      -                      -            -                 -

 Hu Xiao(1)(2)                                -                      -                      -            -                 -



Independent non-executive




                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
  directors
 Wang Jianwen                              240                       -                      -            -              240

 Wang Quansheng                            240                       -                      -            -              240




                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
 Peng Bing                                 240                       -                      -            -              240

 Wang Bing                                 240                       -                      -            -              240

 Tse Yung Hoi                              240                       -                      -            -              240



Supervisors

 Gu Chengzhong                                -                   1,079                    46          155           1,280

 Li Chongqi(1)                                -                      -                      -            -                 -

 Yu Lanying(1)                                -                      -                      -            -                 -




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
 Zhang Xiaohong(1)                            -                      -                      -            -                 -

 Zhou Hongrong(1)                             -                      -                      -            -                 -

 Wang Ying                                    -                   996                      46           80              1,122

 Wang Juan                                    -                    621                     46            71             738

Total                                     1,200                  5,660                    276          768           7,904




(1) The remunerations of these non-executive directors and supervisors of the Company were borne by its shareholders
and other related parties including Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited, Jiangsu Communications Holdings Co., Ltd.,
Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd., etc. No allocation of the remunerations




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
between these shareholders and the Group has been made during the reporting period.

(2) Resigned as non-executive director on 19 September 2023.

(3) Appointed as non-executive director on 24 November 2023.




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
(4) Appointed as independent non-executive director or supervisor on 20 June 2024.

(5) Resigned as independent non-executive director or supervisor on 20 June 2024.

(6) For the year ended 31 December 2024, in addition to remuneration of directors and supervisors as disclosed above, the
Company recognised share-based payment expense amounted to RMB 663 thousand, for the restricted shares granted to
Zhou Yi under Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares (for the year ended 31 December 2023: RMB1,389 thousand).




                                                                                                                                301
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The total pre-tax remuneration in the table represents the compensation accrued and paid during the year 2024 and
          2023, respectively, which was received by the directors or supervisors during their tenure in the relevant positions. The total
          compensation packages of the directors and supervisors for the fiscal year 2024 have not been finalised and will be further
          disclosed when they are confirmed. The finalised bonus of the directors and supervisors for the fiscal year 2023 are as
          follows: Zhang Wei 644 thousand, Zhou Yi 2,310 thousand, Yin Lihong 578 thousand, Gu Chengzhong 2,341 thousand, Wang
          Ying 1,274 thousand, Wang Juan 1,599 thousand.

          There were no amounts paid during the year ended 31 December 2024 to the directors and supervisors in connection with
          their retirement from employment or compensation for loss of office with the Company, or inducement to join. During the
          year, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor who had resigned waived or agreed to waive any
          remuneration.



          17 Individuals with highest emoluments

          Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, none are directors or supervisors whose emoluments are disclosed in
          Note 16. The aggregate of the emoluments are as follows:



                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2024                                  2023



          Salaries and allowances                                                               12,768                                 11,272

          Discretionary bonuses                                                                 37,928                                70,652

          Employer's contribution to pension schemes                                               262                                    82

          Share-based payments                                                                     525                                  868

          Total                                                                                 51,483                                82,874




          The emoluments with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:



                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2024                                  2023

                                                                                 Number of individuals                 Number of individuals



          RMB8,000,001 to RMB9,000,000                                                               2                                     -

          RMB9,000,001 to RMB10,000,000                                                              1                                     -

          RMB10,000,001 to RMB11,000,000                                                             1                                        1

          Over RMB11,000,000                                                                         1                                     4

          Total                                                                                      5                                     5




          No emoluments are paid or payable to these individuals as retirement from employment or as an inducement to join or
          upon joining the Company or as compensation for loss of office during the reporting period.




302
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
18 Other comprehensive income


                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                         Before tax                 Tax expense      Net of tax



Net gain from debt instruments at FVOCI                                      58,221                      (12,120)        46,101

Equity instruments at FVOCI:

 - Net movements in fair value reserve (non-recycling)                         (15)                           97             82

Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                                 (83,916)                            -       (83,916)



                                                                                                                                            About Us
Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint
                                                                            367,987                            -       367,987
 ventures
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements in foreign
  currencies                                                                267,501                            -        267,501
Total                                                                       609,778                      (12,023)      597,755




                                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                         Before tax                  Tax expense     Net of tax




                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Net gain from debt instruments at FVOCI                                      106,977                     (22,779)        84,198

Equity instruments at FVOCI:




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
 - Net movements in fair value reserve (non-recycling)                        17,759                      (4,760)        12,999

Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                                   (3,571)                           -         (3,571)
Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint
                                                                           (40,580)                            -       (40,580)
 ventures
Exchange differences on translation of financial statements in foreign
  currencies                                                                262,953                            -       262,953

Total                                                                       343,538                      (27,539)       315,999




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   303
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          19 Basic and diluted earnings per share

          (1) Basic earnings per share

          Basic earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
          Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                            Note                     2024                       2023



          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
           of the Company (in RMB thousands)                               19(1)(a)              14,635,336                  12,167,133
          Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands)        19(1)(b)               9,009,279                 8,996,366
          Basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders
           (in RMB per share)                                                                          1.62                        1.35




          (a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (in RMB thousands)


                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                       2024                     2023



          Consolidated net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company               15,351,162               12,750,633

          Dividends declared under Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares                     (7,960)                  (12,507)

          Profit attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds holders of the Company (i)           (707,866)                (570,993)
          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company
           (Adjusted)                                                                             14,635,336                 12,167,133




          (i) For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2024, RMB
          708 million (2023: RMB 571million) attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds were deducted from profits attributable to
          shareholders of the Company.


          (b) Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands)


                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                     2024                       2023



          Number of ordinary shares as at 1 January                                               9,074,663                 9,075,589

          Decrease in weighted average number of ordinary shares                                  (65,384)                    (79,223)

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                              9,009,279                 8,996,366




304
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(2) Diluted earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
Company (diluted) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                       Note                      2024                       2023



Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
 the Company (diluted)                                                19(2)(a)              14,638,263                11,984,829




                                                                                                                                              About Us
Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (in
 thousands)                                                           19(2)(b)                9,016,227               9,006,563
Diluted earnings per share attributable to ordinary shareholders
  (in Renminbi per share)                                                                          1.62                       1.33




(a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted) is
calculated as follows:




                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                       2023




                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company
                                                                                            14,635,336                 12,167,133
 (Adjusted)
Diluted adjustments:
Effect of dividends declared under Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A
                                                                                                 7,960                      12,507
  Shares(i)
                                                                                 (ii)
Effect of conversion of convertible bonds from the associate of the Company                          -                 (192,227)

Assumed vesting of shares granted to employees of a subsidiary(iii)                            (5,033)                     (2,584)
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company
 (diluted)                                                                                  14,638,263                11,984,829




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
(i) The Group granted Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A shares to certain employees in 2021. Diluted earnings per
share should take into account both the impact of the cash dividend of the current period distributed to the holders of
restricted shares who are expected to reach the unlocking conditions and estimate number of restricted shares which will
be unlocked. After considering the abovementioned impact, the Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme has a dilutive effect for
the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: dilutive).

(ii) Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ("Bank of Jiangsu"), the associate of the Company issued convertible bonds in 2019. Diluted
earnings per share takes into account the potential dilutive impact on the Group's share of profits of this associate due to
the potential full conversion of bonds to shares. The convertible bond was fully redeemed and delisted in October 2023.




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
(iii) The dilutive effect is due to the share-based payment schemes of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. ("AssetMark").


(b) Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (diluted) is calculated as follows:



                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                       2023



Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                                    9,009,279                8,996,366

Diluted adjustments:

Effect of Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A shares                                          6,948                      10,197

Weighted average number of ordinary shares(diluted)                                           9,016,227               9,006,563




                                                                                                                                     305
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          20 Property and equipment


                                                     Motor       Electronic    Furniture and      Construction     Right-of-use
                                      Buildings    vehicles     equipment             fixtures     in progress           assets         Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2024        4,848,570     156,796        2,118,972          487,843          565,790         2,618,734    10,796,705

          Additions                         286         686         182,403              41,811        764,068          358,395      1,347,649

          Transfer during the year            -            -            518              4,259        (54,744)                -      (49,967)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties         2,163           -              -                  -                -               -          2,163
             (Note 21)
          Disposals                           -      (1,790)        (65,211)          (4,524)                 -       (289,773)      (361,298)

          Disposal of subsidiaries            -            -       (82,966)         (100,278)                 -        (328,811)     (512,055)
          Reclassified as held for
                                              -       (1,217)       (3,938)             (744)                 -         (7,662)       (13,561)
            sale
          As at 31 December 2024       4,851,019    154,475       2,149,778           428,367          1,275,114      2,350,883     11,209,636



          Accumulated
           depreciation
          As at 1 January 2024       (1,392,980)   (102,062)     (1,219,878)         (311,593)                -      (1,250,482)   (4,276,995)

          Charge for the year          (138,159)    (10,752)      (312,865)          (64,330)                 -       (547,296)    (1,073,402)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties       (1,790)           -              -                  -                -               -        (1,790)
             (Note 21)
          Disposals                           -        1,375         56,517               1,412               -         277,395       336,699

          Disposal of subsidiaries            -            -         68,203            54,999                 -         164,956       288,158
          Reclassified as held for
                                              -         839           3,188               532                 -           2,547          7,106
            sale
          As at 31 December 2024     (1,532,929)   (110,600)    (1,404,835)         (318,980)                 -      (1,352,880)   (4,720,224)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2024      3,318,090      43,875        744,943             109,387         1,275,114        998,003      6,489,412




306
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                             Motor      Electronic       Furniture      Construction     Right-of-use
                           Buildings       vehicles    equipment       and fixtures      in progress           assets           Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2023        4,689,613        161,582       1,917,816        424,009           195,750        2,515,403       9,904,173

Additions                      33,595          8,154       274,094           90,614           471,520           612,601      1,490,578

Transfer during the year            -             -            650             5,811         (101,480)                -       (95,019)
Transfer in from
  investment properties       125,660             -               -                -                -                 -       125,660
  (Note 21)
Disposals                       (298)       (12,940)      (73,588)          (32,591)                -        (509,270)      (628,687)



                                                                                                                                                   About Us
As at 31 December 2023      4,848,570       156,796        2,118,972        487,843          565,790         2,618,734      10,796,705



Accumulated
 depreciation
As at 1 January 2023       (1,202,470)      (92,247)     (945,500)         (271,132)                -        (1,105,441)   (3,616,790)

Charge for the year         (135,906)       (17,200)      (326,871)        (53,562)                 -        (590,215)      (1,123,754)
Transfer in from
   investment properties     (54,732)             -               -                -                -                 -      (54,732)
   (Note 21)
Disposals                         128         7,385         52,493             13,101               -          445,174         518,281




                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
As at 31 December 2023     (1,392,980)     (102,062)     (1,219,878)       (311,593)                -       (1,250,482)    (4,276,995)




                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2023      3,455,590        54,734        899,094          176,250          565,790         1,368,252       6,519,710




As at 31 December 2024, included in buildings, there is a carrying amount of RMB 35.27 million for which the Group has yet to
obtain the relevant land or building certificates (as at 31 December 2023: RMB37.57 million).




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                          307
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          21 Investment properties


                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                        2024                                  2023



          Cost

          As at 1 January                                                              262,472                              388,132

          Transfer in from other current assets (Note 36)                               79,925                                     -

          Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                 (2,163)                             (125,660)

          As at 31 December                                                           340,234                               262,472



          Accumulated depreciation

          As at 1 January                                                             (121,641)                            (165,999)

          Charge for the year                                                          (7,592)                              (10,374)

          Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                   1,790                               54,732

          As at 31 December                                                          (127,443)                              (121,641)



          Impairment

          As at 1 January                                                              (4,547)                               (4,547)

          Transfer in from other current assets (Note 36)                              (26,113)                                    -

          As at 31 December                                                           (30,660)                               (4,547)



          Carrying amount                                                               182,131                             136,284




          As at 31 December 2024, included in investment properties, there is a carrying amount of RMB 4.00 million, for which the
          Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates (as at 31 December 2023: RMB4.37 million).




308
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
22 Goodwill



Cost

As at 1 January 2024                                                                                                    3,419,332

Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                              (3,367,990)

As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                     51,342



Impairment losses



                                                                                                                                              About Us
As at 1 January 2024                                                                                                            -

Impairment losses                                                                                                               -

As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                          -



Carrying amounts

As at 1 January 2024                                                                                                    3,419,332

As at 31 December 2024                                                                                                     51,342



Cost



                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                     3,352,219

Adjustment of acquisition through business combination                                                                      14,631




                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                                                      52,482

As at 31 December 2023                                                                                                   3,419,332



Impairment losses

As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                            -

Impairment losses                                                                                                               -

As at 31 December 2023                                                                                                          -




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
Carrying amounts

As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                     3,352,219

As at 31 December 2023                                                                                                   3,419,332




The Group acquired the investment banking business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over
the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill.

The Group acquired the futures brokerage business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (previously known as Great Wall Futures Co., Ltd.) in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair
value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill.

The Group acquired the overseas asset management business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
interest in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. ("Assetmark") in 2016. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the
consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill. In 2024, Huatai International
Investment Holding Co., Ltd., the wholly-owned overseas subsidiary of the Company, sold all of the common shares it held
in AssetMark, and the relevant goodwill amounting to RMB 3,367,990 thousand is written off accordingly. The details of the
disposal transaction are disclosed in Note 24(b).

AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. in April 2019. The
Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets
acquired as goodwill of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc.. In 2024, Huatai International Investment Holding Co., Ltd., the
wholly-owned overseas subsidiary of the Company, sold all of the common shares it held in AssetMark, and the relevant
goodwill is written off accordingly.




                                                                                                                                     309
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of WBI OBS Financial, Inc. in February 2020. The Group
          recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets
          acquired as goodwill of WBI OBS Financial, Inc.. In 2021, the Group adjusts its organizational structure. AssetMark Financial
          Holdings, Inc. 's subsidiary, AssetMark, Inc., merged WBI OBS Financial, LLC. Considering this is a combination under the
          same control, the goodwill remains unchanged. In 2024, Huatai International Investment Holding Co., Ltd., the wholly-owned
          overseas subsidiary of the Company, sold all of the common shares it held in AssetMark, and the relevant goodwill is written
          off accordingly.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Voyant, Inc. in July 2021. The Group recognised the excess of
          fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill of Voyant,
          Inc.. In 2024, Huatai International Investment Holding Co., Ltd., the wholly-owned overseas subsidiary of the Company, sold
          all of the common shares it held in AssetMark, and the relevant goodwill is written off accordingly.

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. in December 2022.
          The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable
          assets acquired as goodwill of Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc.. During the year of 31 December 2023, the AssetMark
          Financial Holdings, Inc. finalized the valuation of identifiable assets and liabilities and goodwill and completed the
          acquisition accounting. In 2024, Huatai International Investment Holding Co., Ltd., the wholly-owned overseas subsidiary of
          the Company, sold all of the common shares it held in AssetMark, and the relevant goodwill is written off accordingly.

          Impairment testing on goodwill

          Goodwill is allocated to the Group's cash-generating units ("CGU") identified according to operating segment as follows:



                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                         2024                                         2023




          Investment banking                                                            51,090                                       51,090

          Futures brokerage                                                               252                                           252

          Overseas asset management                                                         -                                    3,367,990

          Total                                                                         51,342                                     3,419,332




          For the investment banking and futures brokerage CGU, the cash flows generated from each subsidiary acquired are
          independent. Therefore, each of these acquired subsidiaries is a separate CGU. The Group performed the impairment test
          for the goodwill generated from each CGU.


          (1) Investment banking and futures brokerage CGU

          The recoverable amounts of each CGU are determined based on value-in-use calculations, respectively. These calculations
          use cash flow projections with reference to financial budgets approved by management covering certain period. Cash-
          flows beyond the certain period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth rate, which does not
          exceed the long-term average growth rate. As at 31 December 2024, the discount rate used by the investment banking and
          futures brokerage CGUs were 16.00% and 13.33%, respectively (16.00% and 16.39%, respectively, as at 31 December 2023), and
          the weighted average growth rate were 5.00% and 6.60%, respectively (5.00% and 6.60%, respectively, as at 31 December
          2023). The discount rate and weighted average growth rate reflected the risks and growth expectations of the relevant
          CGUs.

          Other major assumptions for the recoverable amount estimation relate to the estimation of cash inflows / outflows which
          include budgeted income and profit margins. Such estimation is based on the CGU's past performance and management's
          expectations for the market development.




310
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
23 Land-use rights and other intangible assets


                                                    Existing           Enterprise
                                              relationships           distribution
                                   Land-       with broker-     channel customer                     Software and
                                use rights          dealers         relationships    Trade names           others         Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2024             1,768,330         4,011,405               195,859        355,792        4,696,188    11,027,574

Additions                                -                 -                     -              -          601,230       601,230




                                                                                                                                             About Us
Disposals                                -                 -                     -              -          (1,228)       (1,228)

Disposal of subsidiaries                 -        (4,102,171)            (201,988)      (364,190)      (2,631,825)   (7,300,174)

Reclassified as held for sale            -                 -                     -              -          (6,122)       (6,122)

Exchange differences                     -           90,766                  6,129          8,398          60,233        165,526

As at 31 December 2024           1,768,330                 -                     -              -        2,718,476    4,486,806



Accumulated amortisation

As at 1 January 2024            (200,089)                  -                     -      (203,590)      (3,108,635)    (3,512,314)

Charge for the year                (41,771)                -                     -        (2,950)       (546,639)      (591,360)




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Disposals                                -                 -                     -              -            1,228         1,228

Disposal of subsidiaries                 -                 -                     -         211,481       1,479,708      1,691,189




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Reclassified as held for sale            -                 -                     -              -           5,297          5,297

Exchange differences                     -                 -                     -        (4,941)        (40,006)      (44,947)

As at 31 December 2024           (241,860)                 -                     -              -      (2,209,047)   (2,450,907)



Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2024           1,526,470                 -                     -              -         509,429     2,035,899




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    311
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                          Existing           Enterprise
                                                    relationships           distribution
                                         Land-       with broker-     channel customer                       Software
                                      use rights          dealers         relationships    Trade names     and others          Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2023          1,768,330        3,931,667               242,226        348,720       4,087,137    10,378,080
          Adjustment of acquisition
            through business                   -                 -              (50,287)              -              -      (50,287)
            combination
          Additions                            -                 -                     -              -       603,829        603,829

          Disposals                            -                 -                     -              -        (44,197)      (44,197)

          Exchange differences                 -            79,738                 3,920           7,072        49,419        140,149

          As at 31 December 2023        1,768,330         4,011,405              195,859        355,792      4,696,188      11,027,574



          Accumulated amortisation

          As at 1 January 2023         (158,886)                 -                     -       (178,508)   (2,600,870)    (2,938,264)

          Charge for the year            (41,203)                -                     -        (21,035)     (524,401)     (586,639)

          Disposals                            -                 -                     -              -         42,097        42,097

          Exchange differences                 -                 -                     -         (4,047)      (25,461)      (29,508)

          As at 31 December 2023       (200,089)                 -                     -       (203,590)    (3,108,635)    (3,512,314)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2023        1,568,241         4,011,405              195,859         152,202     1,587,553      7,515,260




312
      24 Investments in subsidiaries

      (a) Details of principal subsidiaries

      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of shares hold is
      ordinary, and the issued and fully paid-up capital is expressed in Renminbi Yuan:


                                                                              Place and date of
                                                                                 Incorporation /     Issued and fully    Equity interest held by the Company                                             Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                               establishment and business       paid-up capital               as at 31 December                      Principal activity              GAAP
                                                                                                                                     2024                      2023                                     2024                2023



                                                                                            PRC                  RMB                                                             Investment       Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                        100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                               5 September 1997           997,480,000                                                               banking         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                              PRC                RMB                                                                 Futures      Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                     10 July 1995       3,939,000,000                                                             brokerage         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                             PRC                 RMB                                                                  Equity      Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                   100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                  12 August 2008        5,200,000,000                                                            investment         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                     Hong Kong                   HKD                                                               Securities         Deloitte            Deloitte
      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited(2)                                                                             100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                              23 November 2006          8,800,000,000                                                 and futures brokerage           HKFRSs               HKFRSs


                                                                                      Hong Kong                   HKD                                                                Holding          Deloitte            Deloitte
      Huatai International Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                            100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                      5 April 2017      10,200,000,002                                                             company            HKFRSs               HKFRSs


                                                                                           PRC                   RMB                                                              Alternative     Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                    100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                               21 November 2013         2,600,000,000                                                            investment         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                            PRC                  RMB                                                                Asset         Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Assets Management Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                 16 October 2014        2,600,000,000                                                         management            PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


      Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited                              PRC                 RMB                                                                  Equity      Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
                                                                                                                                   45.00%                  45.00%
        Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                        1 June 2015                  -                                                             investment         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                             PRC                  RMB                                                                 Equity      Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Yili Suxin Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                                    24.73%                 24.73%
                                                                                 19 February 2016        1,348,088,000                                                           investment         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                              US                 USD                                                                Asset                                KPMG LLP
      AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.(2)                                                                                              -                 68.40%                                         N/A
                                                                                  1 January 1996               73,563                                                         management                                 US GAAP




313
                                        Financial Report and                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Corporate Governance                                                                           About Us                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                                      and Strategies
314



                                                                          Place and date of
                                                                             Incorporation /   Issued and fully   Equity interest held by the Company                                        Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                           establishment and business     paid-up capital              as at 31 December                    Principal activity           GAAP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                         HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                                                              2024                      2023                                2024                2023



                                                                                                                                                               Spread trading and
                                                                                       PRC                RMB                                                                         Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Capital Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%    commodity warrant
                                                                            6 December 2013        650,000,000                                                                          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP
                                                                                                                                                                           trading


                                                                                        PRC                RMB                                                        Investment      Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Investment Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                               100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                               3 August 2017        550,000,000                                                     management          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP




      (1) Auditors of the respective subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

      - Deloitte PRC represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, a firm of certified public accountants registered in PRC;

      - Deloitte represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in Hong Kong, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Hong Kong;

      - KPMG LLP represents KPMG in the United States, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United States.

      (2) These subsidiaries are indirectly controlled by the Company.

      (3) As at 31 December 2024, the Company indirectly held less than 50% of the equity of Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited Partnership) and Yili Suxin Investment
      Fund (Limited Partnership). According to the articles of partnership agreement, the Company has the power to control these funds and has the ability to use the power to affect the
      Company's variable return amount. Therefore, they are included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements.

      (4) Company with limited liability in Mainland China.

      (5) Limited partnership in Mainland China.
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(b) Disposal of subsidiaries AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.

Following the approval at the ninth meeting of the sixth board of directors on 25 April 2024, the Group intended to sell all
50,873,799 common shares held by its wholly-owned overseas subsidiary, Huatai International Investment Holdings Limited
("Huatai International"), in AssetMark.

The Group completed the disposal of all shares of AssetMark held by it on September 5, 2024 (New York time) (the "Closing
Date"), with the final consideration for the disoposal of AssetMark being USD 1,793 million (equivalent to RMB 12,755 million).
The Group has ceased to hold any shares in AssetMark since the Closing Date and AssetMark will no longer be consolidated
by the Group.



                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                                                                                        As at 5
Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:                                                  September 2024



Property and equipment                                                                                                   223,897

Goodwill                                                                                                               3,367,990

Land-use rights and other intangible assets                                                                            5,608,985

Accounts receivable                                                                                                      176,623

Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets                                                                  205,809




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                                    329,516

Cash and bank balances                                                                                                 1,958,446

Employee benefits payable                                                                                               (212,932)



                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Other payables and accruals                                                                                            (704,838)

Contract liabilities                                                                                                    (361,230)

Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                               (993,715)

Net assets disposed of                                                                                                 9,598,551



Consideration received:




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Cash received                                                                                                          12,754,675

Total consideration received                                                                                           12,754,675



Consideration received                                                                                                 12,754,675

Less: net assets disposed of                                                                                          (9,598,551)

Non-controlling interests                                                                                              3,025,855
Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal
                                                                                                                         153,568
  of Assetmark to profit or loss
Gain on disposal                                                                                                       6,335,547



Net cash inflow arising on disposal:




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Cash consideration                                                                                                     12,754,675

Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                                           (1,958,446)

Net cash inflow arising on disposal                                                                                    10,796,229




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    315
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (c) A disposal group held for sale

          Following the approval at the 14th meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors on December 20, 2024, the
          Company agreed to transfer its 20% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd. ("Jiangsu Equity Exchange
          Center") to Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd. Upon completion of the transaction, the Company’s shareholding in Jiangsu
          Equity Exchange Center will be reduced to 32%, resulting in the loss of control over the entity. Consequently, Jiangsu Equity
          Exchange Center will become an associate of the Company. As of the end of the reporting period, the closing of this
          transaction had not yet been finalized, and the related procedures were progressing as planned. The assets and liabilities
          of Jiangsu Equity Exchange Center have been classified as a disposal group held for sale. The equity transfer was ultimately
          completed in January 2025.

          The net proceeds from the disposal are expected to exceed the net carrying amount of the relevant assets and liabilities,
          and accordingly, no impairment loss has been recognised. The major classes of assets and liabilities of Jiangsu Equity
          Exchange Center classified as held for sale are as follows:


                                                                                                                               As at 31
                                                                                                                         December 2024



          Property and equipment                                                                                                  6,455

          Land-use rights and other intangible assets                                                                               825

          Accounts receivable                                                                                                        20

          Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets                                                                  5,357

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                                  318,042

          Interests in associates                                                                                                 63,130

          Deferred tax assets                                                                                                     12,901

          Cash and bank balances                                                                                                  10,109

          Total assets classified as held for sale                                                                               416,839



          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                                                  (8,809)

          Employee benefits payable                                                                                             (61,989)

          Other payables and accruals                                                                                            (4,604)

          Total liabilities classified as held for sale                                                                         (75,402)




316
                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
25 Interests in associates


                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                                  2024                                                      2023



Share of net assets                                                                          21,446,915                                                 19,496,027




As at 31 December 2024 , the Group has pledged the shares of interest in an associate with a total book value of RMB 5,214


                                                                                                                                                                              About Us
million to China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ("CSF") for refinancing and supporting the Group's securities lending
business (as at 31 December 2023: RMB4,649 million).

The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which (except that Bank of Jiangsu has been
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange) are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available:



                                                                                         Proportion of owner ship interest
                            Registered                                                                                                                  Principal
Name of associate                place      Registered capital        Group's effective interest Held by the Company      Held by a subsidiary           activity




                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                           31/12/2024 31/12/2023       31/12/2024    31/12/2023 31/12/2024 31/12/2023 31/12/2024 31/12/2023



                                                                                                                                                      Commercial



                                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Bank of Jiangsu(i)               Nanjing    18,351,324   18,351,324         5.03%        5.03%        5.03%      5.03%             -             -
                                                                                                                                                         banking
China Southern Asset                                                                                                                                       Fund
                             Shenzhen          361,720     361,720          41.16%       41.16%      41.16%      41.16%            -             -
  Management Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                               management




All the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

(i) The Company has appointed one director in the board of directors of Bank of Jiangsu. The Company exercises
significant influence over Bank of Jiangsu by participating in the formulation of financial and operational policies through




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
the director it has appointed.




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                     317
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summarised financial information of Bank of Jiangsu and China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. which are individually
          significant associates to the Group are disclosed below:

          Bank of Jiangsu



                                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                              2024                              2023



          Gross amounts of the associate

          Assets                                                                       3,951,814,000                     3,403,361,837

          Liabilities                                                                (3,638,475,403)                   (3,144,245,806)

          Net assets                                                                     313,338,597                       259,116,031




                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                                              2024                              2023



          Revenue                                                                        80,815,000                        74,293,433

          Profit for the year                                                             33,258,161                        30,013,140

          Other comprehensive income                                                      6,872,626                           1,191,493

          Total comprehensive income                                                      40,130,787                       31,204,633

          Dividend received from the associate                                               716,787                          426,010

          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                        11,744,260                        10,577,267




          China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.



                                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                              2024                              2023



          Gross amounts of the associate

          Assets                                                                          17,598,335                       13,926,073

          Liabilities                                                                    (4,923,657)                      (4,303,783)

          Net assets                                                                      12,674,678                        9,622,290




                                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                                              2024                              2023



          Revenue                                                                         7,522,605                          6,741,416

          Profit for the year                                                              2,351,599                         2,011,255

          Other comprehensive income / (expense)                                              12,028                            (1,412)

          Total comprehensive income                                                       2,363,627                        2,009,843

          Other adjustment                                                                  806,170                                  -

          Dividend received from the associate                                                    -                           492,991



          Reconciled to the Group's interest in the associate:

          Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company                  12,334,396                         9,324,416

          The Group's effective interest                                                      41.16%                            41.16%

          The Group's share of net assets of the associate                                5,076,837                         3,837,930

          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                        5,076,837                         3,837,930




318
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:



                                                                                                                  2024                                 2023


Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
                                                                                                               4,625,818                            3,874,991
consolidated financial statements



Aggregate amounts of the Group's share of those associates' gains                                              (231,374)                             265,093

Other comprehensive income                                                                                             -                                   -

Total comprehensive income                                                                                     (231,374)                             265,093



                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
26 Interests in joint ventures


                                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                                  2024                                 2023



Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair value through profit or loss (i)                                 208,769                               380,612




                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Unlisted investment in a joint venture                                                                          790,344                               918,793

Total                                                                                                            999,113                            1,299,405




                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
(i) As at 31 December 2024, the Group elected to measure its investment in Huatai International Greater Bay Area
Investment Fund, L.P. of RMB208.77 million held through Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly-owned
subsidiary, at fair value through profit or loss as management measured the performance of this joint venture on a fair
value basis.

The following list contains only the particulars of unlisted joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
the consolidated financial statements, and details of the joint venture as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 are
as follows:



                                                                                               Proportion of ownership interest
                                               Registered          Registered      Group's effective          Held by the             Held by a    Principal
Name of joint venture                               place             capital               interest           Company               subsidiary     activity


Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu)
 Capital Market Investment Fund                                                                                                                        Equity
 of Funds (Limited Partnership) (i)                Nanjing            10,001,000              10.00%                       -             10.00%   investment




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
(i) As at 31 December 2024, the Group held 10.00% equity interest of Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu) Capital Market Investment
Fund of Funds (Limited Partnership). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group and a third party
contractually agree to share control of the fund, and have rights to the net assets of the fund. The directors of the Group




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
consider the fund is jointly controlled by the Group and the third party, and it is therefore accounted for as a joint venture of
the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                319
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          27 Debt instruments at amortised cost

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                                2023



          Debt securities                                                                   40,859,525                       45,409,678

          Less: impairment losses                                                               (4,761)                            (5,096)

          Total                                                                             40,854,764                       45,404,582



          Analysed as:

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                           19,315,669                          19,508,797

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                              180,622                             120,049

          Unlisted                                                                          21,358,473                           25,775,736

          Total                                                                             40,854,764                       45,404,582




          Current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                                2023



          Debt securities                                                                    6,939,588                            4,712,633

          Less: impairment losses                                                                (630)                               (403)

          Total                                                                              6,938,958                            4,712,230



          Analysed as:

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                           3,867,704                             2,291,361

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                    -                                14,921

          Unlisted                                                                           3,071,254                           2,405,948

          Total                                                                              6,938,958                            4,712,230




          As at 31 December 2024, the Group has pledged debt instruments at amortised cost with a total fair value of RMB 33,578
          million and carrying amount of RMB 30,930 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business and derivative
          business (as at 31 December 2023: a total fair value of RMB35,024 million and carrying amount of RMB34,265 million).


          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                                2023



          At the beginning of the year                                                           5,499                                5,132

          (Reversal)/charge for the year, net                                                    (125)                                 367

          Other changes                                                                              17                                   -

          At the end of the year                                                                  5,391                              5,499




320
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
28 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

(a) Analysed by nature:

Non-current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2024                             2023



Debt securities                                                                   5,938,076                        15,027,489


                                                                                                                                          About Us
Other debt instruments                                                                    -                           180,463

Total                                                                             5,938,076                        15,207,952



Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                            271,247                         2,466,091

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                            360,543                           1,078,108

Unlisted                                                                          5,306,286                         11,663,753

Total                                                                             5,938,076                        15,207,952




                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Current


                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2024                             2023



Debt securities                                                                    4,197,477                        1,054,048

Total                                                                              4,197,477                        1,054,048




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                           845,668                            271,786

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                   -                          782,262

Unlisted                                                                          3,351,809                                 -

Total                                                                              4,197,477                        1,054,048




As at 31 December 2024, the Group has pledged debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income with
a total fair value of RMB1,342 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business and bond lending business (as at 31
December 2023: RMB2,903 million).




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income with
commitment were RMB1,023million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB751 million).




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 321
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          29 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                              2024                           2023



          Equity securities designated at financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income
            - Unlisted equity securities                                                    125,860                         124,506

          Total                                                                             125,860                         124,506



          Analysed as:

          Unlisted                                                                          125,860                         124,506




          Equity instruments at FVOCI include non-traded equity instruments held by the Group. As the equity instruments are not
          held for trading purpose, the Group has designated these investments as equity instruments at FVOCI.

          During the year ended 31 December 2024, the losses from the equity instruments at FVOCI recognised in other
          comprehensive income amounted to RMB15 thousand (During the year ended 31 December 2023: the gains amounted to
          RMB17,759 thousand). As a result of the change of investment strategies, the Group disposed certain equity instrument at
          FVOCI and the corresponding losses amounted to RMB143 thousand (During the year ended 31 December 2023: the losses
          amounted to RMB1,462 thousand).




322
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
30 Financial assets held under resale agreements

(a) Analysed by collateral type:

Non-current



                                                      As at 31 December
                                                       2024                   2023



Equity securities                                     200,110                     -


                                                                                                About Us
Less: impairment losses                                (500)                      -

Total                                                199,610                      -




Current



                                                      As at 31 December
                                                       2024                   2023



Debt securities                                    12,308,144              7,617,629         Operating Analysis


                                                                                              and Strategies
Equity securities                                  3,339,156              5,495,729

Less: impairment losses                            (618,509)              (653,126)

Total                                              15,028,791             12,460,232




(b) Analysed by market:

Non-current




                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                      As at 31 December
                                                       2024                   2023



Shanghai stock exchange                               200,110                     -

Less: impairment losses                                (500)                      -

Total                                                199,610                      -




Current




                                                                                               Financial Report and
                                                      As at 31 December
                                                       2024                   2023




                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Inter-bank market                                  8,520,557               5,238,381

Shenzhen stock exchange                            2,760,201              3,674,765

Shanghai stock exchange                              787,717              2,398,939

Others                                             3,578,825               1,801,273

Less: impairment losses                            (618,509)              (653,126)

Total                                              15,028,791             12,460,232




                                                                                       323
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (c) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2024                       2023



          At the beginning of the year                                                              653,126                    1,138,413

          Reversal for the year, net                                                               (36,155)                   (485,801)

          Other                                                                                       2,038                         514

          Total                                                                                     619,009                    653,126




          (d) Analysed by remaining contractual maturities of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2024                       2023



          Within 1 month                                                                            823,232                    870,766

          1 to 3 months                                                                             251,808                    887,085

          3 months to 1 year                                                                       2,264,116                  3,737,878

          Over 1 year                                                                               200,110                           -

          Less: impairment losses                                                                (487,960)                    (524,112)

          Total                                                                                   3,051,306                    4,971,617




          (e) Analysed by the stage of ECL of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                                 As at 31 December 2024
                                                                     Lifetime ECL-not credit        Lifetime ECL-credit
                                                   12-month ECL                                                                  Total
                                                                                  impaired                    impaired



          Amortised cost                               3,060,224                           -                      479,042    3,539,266

          Impairment losses                              (8,918)                           -                    (479,042)    (487,960)

          Carrying amount                              3,051,306                           -                             -   3,051,306

          Collateral                                   8,030,573                           -                             -   8,030,573




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2023
                                                                           Lifetime ECL-not                  Lifetime ECL-
                                                   12-month ECL                                                                  Total
                                                                            credit impaired               credit impaired



          Amortised cost                               4,987,546                           -                       508,183   5,495,729

          Impairment losses                              (17,279)                          -                    (506,833)     (524,112)

          Carrying amount                              4,970,267                           -                         1,350     4,971,617

          Collateral                                    13,797,117                         -                       296,916   14,094,033




          As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of the collateral of the Group's financial assets held under resale agreements was
          RMB 21,431,864 thousand (31 December 2023: RMB22,211,468 thousand).




324
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
31 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Non-current


(a) Analysed by type:


                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                 2024                    2023



Equity securities                                            4,387,352                6,190,549


                                                                                                            About Us
Mutual funds                                                   528,732                 727,238

Other debt instruments                                        376,065                 1,034,234

Total                                                        5,292,149                7,952,021




(b) Analysed as:


                                                                As at 31 December



                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                 2024                    2023




                                                                                                          and Strategies
Listed outside Hong Kong                                       493,753                  372,821

Unlisted                                                     4,798,396               7,579,200

Total                                                        5,292,149                7,952,021




Current


(a) Analysed by type:




                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                 2024                    2023



Equity securities                                           56,499,288              123,416,836

Debt securities                                             171,564,677             195,764,277

Mutual funds                                                60,547,525              61,040,090

Private funds                                                3,548,647              22,344,489

Wealth management products                                   3,756,018                1,418,630

Other debt instruments                                         329,453                 1,143,041




                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Total                                                      296,245,608              405,127,363




                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                   325
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Analysed as:


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2024                               2023



          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                               119,442,341                        184,553,142

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                17,830,773                         30,595,909

          Unlisted                                                                              158,972,494                         189,978,312

          Total                                                                                296,245,608                          405,127,363




          As at 31 December 2024, the fund investments with lock-up periods in its investment portfolio held by the Group are RMB880
          million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB772 million).

          As at 31 December 2024, the listed equity securities held by the Group included approximately RMB 710 million of restricted
          shares (as at 31 December 2023: RMB8,801 million). The restricted shares are listed in the PRC with a legally enforceable
          restriction on these securities that prevents the Group to dispose of within the specified period.

          The equity interest in unlisted securities held by the Group are issued by private companies. The value of the securities is
          measured by comparing with comparable companies that are listed and in the same sector or measured by using other
          valuation techniques.

          Non-current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments are expected to be realised or restricted for
          sale beyond one year from the end of the respective reporting periods. The fair value of the Group's investments in unlisted
          funds, which mainly invest in publicly traded equities listed in the PRC, are valued based on the net asset values of the funds
          calculated by the respective fund managers by reference to their underlying assets and liabilities' fair values.

          The fair value of the Group's investments in equity securities without restriction, exchange-listed funds and debt securities
          are determined with reference to their quoted prices as at reporting date.

          As at 31 December 2024, the Group has entered into securities lending arrangement with clients that resulted in the transfer
          of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments with total fair value of RMB 1,275 million to external clients
          (as at 31 December 2023: RMB1,791 million), which did not result in derecognition of the financial assets. The fair value of
          collateral for the securities lending business is analysed in Note 37(c) together with the fair value of collateral of margin
          financing business.

          As at 31 December 2024, the Group has not pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments to CSF
          for refinancing and supporting the Group's securities lending business (as at 31 December 2023: RMB15,990 million).

          As at 31 December 2024, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments with a total
          fair value of RMB 136,355 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business, bond lending business and derivative
          business (as at 31 December 2023: RMB142,687 million).

          As at 31 December 2024, the wealth management products held by the Group included approximately RMB 70 million of
          restricted products(as at 31 December 2023: RMB49 million). The restricted products are subscribed by the Group as the
          fund manager with a legally enforceable restriction on these products that prevents the Group to dispose of within the
          specified period.




326
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
32 Refundable deposits


                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                     2024                    2023



Deposits with stock exchanges

- Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                      16,684                 46,104

- China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited    1,682,104              1,636,953

- Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                           71,420                25,666



                                                                                                               About Us
- Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited                          44,028                   81,106

                                                                  1,814,236              1,789,829



Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges

- China Financial Futures Exchange                                10,401,127            15,040,738

- Shanghai Futures Exchange                                      4,385,920               4,988,570

- Dalian Commodity Exchange                                      3,098,634               3,837,356

- Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                                   2,698,887               3,054,381

- Shanghai International Energy Exchange                           965,577                1,109,516



                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
- Other domestic commodity exchange                                 537,815                      -

  - Overseas commodity exchange                                      52,110                 53,553




                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                 22,140,070              28,084,114



Deposits with other institutions

- China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                         1,218                319,011

- Shanghai Clearing House                                          814,963               1,230,694

- Shanghai Gold Exchange                                               200                    400

- Others financial institutions                                   8,680,611              9,120,230

                                                                 9,496,992              10,670,335




                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Total                                                            33,451,298             40,544,278




                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                      327
328



      33 Deferred taxation
                                                                                                                                                                                         HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) The components of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and the movements during
      the year are as follows:


                                                                               Changes             Changes                Changes
                                                                         in fair value of    in fair value of       in fair value of         Intangible
                                       Provision for    Employee                financial         derivative               financial             assets
                                       impairment        benefits           instruments             financial          instruments       recognised in
      Deferred tax arising from:             losses      payable      measured at FVTPL         instruments     measured at FVOCI       the acquisition       Others           Total



      As at 1 January 2024                   712,946     1,593,378              (735,042)         (206,845)                (30,969)          (1,193,296)    (1,398,113)    (1,257,941)

      Recognised in profit or loss            46,919       255,301                 20,766            379,681                       -              11,359      690,502       1,404,528

      Disposal of subsidiaries                (286)      (49,267)                     321                   -                      -           1,181,937    (138,990)         993,715

      Reclassified as held for sale                -      (13,747)                    761                   -                      -                   -            85        (12,901)

      Recognised in reserves                   5,437             -                      -                   -               (17,460)                   -              -      (12,023)

      As at 31 December 2024                 765,016     1,785,665               (713,194)           172,836               (48,429)                    -    (846,516)        1,115,378



      As at 1 January 2023(Restated)        840,595       1,737,046               (31,402)         (562,460)                 (4,853)         (1,267,508)    (2,310,873)    (1,599,455)

      Recognised in profit or loss         (126,226)     (143,668)              (703,640)             355,615                      -             38,555        912,760        333,396

      Acquisition of subsidiaries                  -             -                      -                   -                      -             35,657               -        35,657

      Recognised in reserves                  (1,423)            -                      -                   -                (26,116)                  -              -      (27,539)

      As at 31 December 2023                 712,946      1,593,378             (735,042)          (206,845)                (30,969)          (1,193,296)    (1,398,113)   (1,257,941)
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(b) Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                           2024                                2023



Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
                                                                                        1,591,926                            702,722
  position
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statement of
  financial position                                                                   (476,548)                          (1,960,663)
Total                                                                                    1,115,378                         (1,257,941)




                                                                                                                                                  About Us
(c) Deferred tax assets not recognised

As at 31 December 2024 , in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(20)(ii), the Group has not recognised
unused tax losses of RMB123 million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB877 million), as deferred tax assets, as it is not probable
that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction and entity.
Most of the tax losses will not expire under current tax legislation.




                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
34 Other non-current assets



                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                           2024                                2023



Leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses                                   240,951                              311,789




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
(b) The movements of leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses are as below:


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                                           2024                                2023



At the beginning of the year                                                              311,789                            300,664

Additions                                                                                  17,440                             68,385

Transfer in from property and equipment                                                   49,834                              93,870

Amortisation                                                                            (136,768)                            (151,130)




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Other decrease                                                                            (1,344)                                   -

At the end of the year                                                                   240,951                              311,789




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                         329
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          35 Accounts receivable

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                   2024                                2023



          Accounts receivable of:

            - Brokers, dealers and clearing house                                              1,961,690                          3,172,930

            - Fee and commission                                                                1,610,627                         1,469,110

            - Return swap and OTC options                                                        872,561                         2,894,747

            - Settlement                                                                         395,144                         1,494,496

            - Redemption of open-ended fund                                                     892,370                            750,412

            - Subscription receivable                                                              1,540                                  571

            - Others                                                                              33,525                            76,953

          Less: impairment losses                                                              (180,224)                          (115,458)

          Total                                                                                5,587,233                          9,743,761




          (b) Analysed by ageing:

          As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of accounts receivable, based on the trade date, is as follows:



                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                   2024                                2023



          Within 1 month                                                                       4,036,738                         6,666,521

          1 to 3 months                                                                          125,483                          663,523

          Over 3 months                                                                         1,425,012                         2,413,717

          Total                                                                                5,587,233                          9,743,761




          (c) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                   2024                                2023



          At the beginning of the year                                                           115,458                               68,531

          Charge for the year, net                                                               68,230                             45,433

          Other                                                                                  (3,464)                                1,494

          At the end of the year                                                                 180,224                            115,458




          (d) Accounts receivable that is not impaired

          Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired were relate to a wide range of customers for whom there was no
          recent history of default.

          The receivables from securities-backed lendings business are not included in accounts receivable.




330
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
36 Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                     2024                                2023



Inventory                                                                         1,147,499                            245,380

Prepayments                                                                        427,547                             698,314



                                                                                                                                            About Us
Dividends receivable                                                               292,700                                 1,190

Deductable VAT                                                                      221,388                             82,049

Other receivables(1)                                                                210,805                            338,953

Interest receivable(2)                                                               8,390                              64,446

Others                                                                              571,898                        1,109,653

Total                                                                             2,880,227                       2,539,985




The balance of others mainly represents prepaid tax and other current assets arising from normal course of business.


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
As at 31 December 2024, the Group has pledged inventory with a total amount of RMB966 million for the purpose of
derivative business (as at 31 December 2023: RMB125 million).


(1) Other receivables:                                                                                                                    and Strategies


                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                     2024                                2023



Other receivables                                                                   933,170                            1,057,147




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Less: impairment losses                                                           (722,365)                        (718,194)

Total                                                                               210,805                            338,953




Analysis of the movements of provision for other receivables impairment losses:



                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                     2024                                2023



At the beginning of the year                                                        718,194                            763,738




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Charge for the year, net                                                              4,225                              16,821

Written-off                                                                           (37)                         (62,365)

Other                                                                                  (17)                                   -




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
Total                                                                              722,365                              718,194




                                                                                                                                   331
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Interest receivable:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2024                   2023



          Interest receivable                                                                      53,889                  109,717

          Less: impairment losses                                                                (45,499)                (45,271)

          Total                                                                                     8,390                 64,446




          Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses of interest receivable:



                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2024                   2023



          At the beginning of the year                                                              45,271                 38,175

          Charge for the year, net                                                                    228                   7,096

          At the end of the year                                                                   45,499                  45,271




          37 Margin accounts receivable

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2024                   2023



          Individuals                                                                        115,911,970               98,472,604

          Institutions                                                                       18,399,659                15,389,837

          Less: impairment losses                                                           (1,765,624)                (1,521,347)

          Total                                                                             132,546,005                112,341,094




          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2024                   2023



          At the beginning of the year                                                           1,521,347              1,526,356

          Charge/(reversal) for the year, net                                                     242,700                 (6,325)

          Other                                                                                      1,577                   1,316

          At the end of the year                                                                 1,765,624               1,521,347




332
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(c) The fair value of collateral for margin financing and securities lending business is analysed as
follows:


                                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                                              2024                        2023



Fair value of collateral:

  Equity securities                                                                     329,724,873                 290,376,975

  Funds                                                                                   16,087,915                 36,266,977




                                                                                                                                             About Us
  Cash                                                                                    9,636,977                   8,535,007

  Debt securities                                                                         1,247,809                    1,354,000

Total                                                                                   356,697,574                 336,532,959




The Group evaluates the collectability of receivable from margin clients based on management's assessment on the credit
rating, collateral value and the past collection history of each margin client.


(d) Analysed by the stage of ECL of margin accounts receivable:


                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                                       As at 31 December 2024
                                                                  Lifetime ECL-not                Lifetime ECL-
                                            12-month ECL           credit impaired              credit impaired           Total



Amortised cost                                 122,541,806               11,575,523                     194,300      134,311,629

Impairment losses                              (640,003)                 (964,367)                     (161,254)    (1,765,624)

Carrying amount                                121,901,803                10,611,156                     33,046     132,546,005

Collateral                                    318,540,485               37,983,652                       173,437    356,697,574




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                       As at 31 December 2023
                                                                  Lifetime ECL-not                 Lifetime ECL-
                                            12-month ECL           credit impaired              credit impaired           Total



Amortised cost                                 102,465,790                 11,194,173                    202,478      113,862,441

Impairment losses                               (560,203)                (843,096)                      (118,048)     (1,521,347)

Carrying amount                                101,905,587                10,351,077                      84,430      112,341,094

Collateral                                      301,195,391              35,051,742                     285,826     336,532,959




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    333
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          38 Derivative financial instruments


                                                                            As at 31 December 2024
                                                       Notional amount                               Fair value

                                                                                               Assets                    Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                         1,460,855,341                      697,426                    (814,414)

          Currency derivatives                               174,069,967                      1,851,589                  (1,337,738)

          Equity derivatives                                204,986,804                      6,262,677                  (5,899,597)

          Credit derivatives                                    4,374,717                        13,841                    (10,264)

          Commodity derivatives and others                   368,218,063                      1,633,079                 (2,965,533)

          Total                                            2,212,504,892                     10,458,612                 (11,027,546)

          Less: settlement                                                                   (467,487)                        83,761

          Net position                                                                        9,991,125                (10,943,785)




                                                                            As at 31 December 2023
                                                        Notional amount                              Fair value

                                                                                               Assets                     Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                         1,644,689,668                      945,881                    (405,920)

          Currency derivatives                                186,761,759                      295,866                   (1,474,728)

          Equity derivatives                                 474,762,005                     12,465,246                 (11,396,087)

          Credit derivatives                                   10,873,787                        30,174                      (5,684)

          Commodity derivatives and others                    417,780,134                     3,319,877                  (3,915,670)

          Total                                             2,734,867,353                    17,057,044                 (17,198,089)

          Less: settlement                                                                    (797,163)                      316,448

          Net position                                                                       16,259,881                  (16,881,641)




          Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group's position in interest rate
          swap contracts settled in Shanghai Clearing House, stock index futures and treasury futures settled in China Financial
          Futures Exchange and certain commodity futures traded through futures companies, were settled daily and the
          corresponding receipts and payments were included in "clearing settlement funds". Accordingly, the net position of the
          above contracts was nil as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.




334
                                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Cash flow hedges

The Group's cash flow hedges consist of cross currency swap contracts that are used to protect against exposures to
variability of future cash flows.

Among the above derivative financial instruments, those designated hedging instruments in cash flow hedges are set out
below:



                                                                            As at 31 December 2024

                                                               Notional amount                                                              Fair value



                                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
                                            Over 3 months         Over 1 year but
                        Within 3 months    but within 1 year       within 5 years        Over 5 years                Total            Assets               Liabilities



Currency derivatives                   -          3,025,000                      -                    -         3,025,000                      -             (169,081)




                                                                            As at 31 December 2023

                                                               Notional amount                                                              Fair value

                                            Over 3 months         Over 1 year but




                                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                         Within 3 months   but within 1 year       within 5 years        Over 5 years                Total             Assets               Liabilities



Currency derivatives                   -                   -            3,025,000                     -           3,025,000                    -              (32,763)




                                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Details of the Group's hedged risk exposures in cash flow hedges and the corresponding effect on equities are as follows:



                                                                                 As at 31 December 2024

                                       Carrying amount of hedged items                      Effect of hedging              Accumulated
                                                                                                 instruments           effect of hedging
                                                                                                      on other              instruments




                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                                                              comprehensive                      on other            Line items in the
                                                                                                       income            comprehensive                   statement of
                                                Assets                    Liabilities         during the year                     income           financial position



Bonds                                                 -                  (3,048,491)                    (83,916)                (44,844)           Long-term bonds




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2023

                                       Carrying amount of hedged items                        Effect of hedging             Accumulated
                                                                                         instruments on other           effect of hedging
                                                                                                comprehensive       instruments on other             Line items in the
                                                                                            income during the             comprehensive                 statement of




                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                Assets                     Liabilities                     year                    income          financial position



Bonds                                                  -                 (3,044,890)                      (3,571)                  39,072          Long-term bonds




                                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the net losses from the hedging instruments recognised in other comprehensive
income amounted to RMB 83,916 thousand (During the year ended 31 December 2023: the net losses amounted to RMB3,571
thousand). There was no hedge ineffectiveness for the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                          335
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          39 Clearing settlement funds


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                              2023



          Deposits with stock exchanges

          - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited                     6,654,049                          5,746,776

          - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                       120,296                           32,488

          Deposits with other institutions                                                    4,362,413                        3,350,002

          Total                                                                               11,136,758                        9,129,266




          40 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients

          The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold clients' monies arising
          from its normal course of business. The Group has classified the brokerage clients' monies as cash held on behalf of
          brokerage clients under the current assets section of the consolidated statement of financial position, and recognised
          the corresponding accounts payable to the respective brokerage clients on the grounds that they are liable for any loss
          or misappropriation of their brokerage clients' monies. In the Mainland China, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage
          clients for their transaction and settlement funds is restricted and governed by the relevant third-party deposit regulations
          issued by the CSRC. In Hong Kong, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage clients is restricted and governed by the
          Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.



          41 Cash and Bank balances

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                              2023



          Cash on hand                                                                              186                              189

          Bank balances                                                                      39,521,623                       46,296,689

          Less: impairment losses                                                                 (351)                             (512)

          Total                                                                              39,521,458                       46,296,366




          Bank balances mainly comprise time and demand deposits which bear interest at the prevailing market rates.


          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                              2023



          At the beginning of the year                                                              512                              833

          Reversal of impairment for the year                                                     (190)                            (290)

          Other Changes                                                                              29                              (31)

          At the end of the year                                                                    351                              512




336
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
42 Cash and cash equivalents

(a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:


                                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                                       2024                         2023



Cash on hand                                                                              186                         189

Bank balances                                                                     39,425,490                   46,203,098



                                                                                                                                      About Us
Clearing settlement funds                                                           11,136,758                  9,129,266
Financial assets held under resale agreements within 3 months original
                                                                                   6,538,630                    7,352,535
  maturity
Bond investment within 3 months original maturity                                   1,279,718                    1,436,707
Less: restricted bank deposits and bank deposits with original maturity of more
  than three months                                                               (2,347,573)                  (4,291,466)
Total                                                                             56,033,209                   59,830,329




As at 31 December 2024, the total amount of bank balances included cash and bank balances classified as held for sale


                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
amounting to RMB10,109 thousand (as at 31 December 2023: nil).

The restricted bank deposits mainly include deposits reserved for VAT payable of asset management plans, minimum liquid


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
capital restriction deposits and risk reserve deposits.




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             337
338



      (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

      The following table details changes in the Group's liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                HUATAI SECURITIES


      which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                                                                                                   Dividends payable to
                                                                                                                                                                  ordinary shareholders
                                              Short-term debt                                    Short-term                                                              and perpetural
                                                  instruments       Long-term bonds              bank loans      Long-term bank loans         Lease liabilities     subordinated bonds                Total


      At 1 January 2024                            25,475,507              159,816,001             11,478,573                 647,052                 1,468,161                 145,230          199,030,524

      Changes from financing cash flows

      Proceeds from issuance                       36,075,820                       -               3,355,750                       -                         -                       -           39,431,570

      Repayment of borrowings                     (31,906,954)           (44,310,354)             (11,377,260)              (642,200)                         -                       -         (88,236,768)

      Interest paid                                 (1,582,413)           (4,610,987)               (314,768)                 (44,278)                        -                       -          (6,552,446)

      Payment of lease liabilities                           -                      -                       -                       -                (623,242)                        -           (623,242)

      Dividend paid                                          -                      -                       -                       -                         -             (6,280,608)          (6,280,608)
      Total changes from financing cash
        flows                                       2,586,453             (48,921,341)            (8,336,278)               (686,478)                (623,242)              (6,280,608)         (62,261,494)
      Other changes

      Interest expenses                                525,412              4,752,586                220,685                   34,669                   50,632                        -           5,583,984

      New leases                                             -                      -                       -                       -                  346,016                        -             346,016

      Dividends declared                                     -                      -                       -                       -                         -               6,229,608           6,229,608

      Exchange differences                            265,567               (188,429)                       -                    4,757                        -                       -               81,895

      Others                                                 -                      -                       -                       -                (226,952)                        -           (226,952)
      Total other changes                             790,979               4,564,157                220,685                   39,426                  169,696                6,229,608            12,014,551
      At 31 December 2024                          28,852,939              115,458,817             3,362,980                        -                 1,014,615                  94,230          148,783,581
                                                                                                                                           Dividends payable to
                                                                                                                                          ordinary shareholders
                                                Short-term debt      Long-term        Short-term           Long-term           Lease             and perpetural
                                                    instruments          bonds        bank loans           bank loans      liabilities      subordinated bonds           Total


      At 1 January 2023                               25,772,604       139,419,338      7,997,434             804,903       1,518,585                    94,230     175,607,094

      Changes from financing cash flows

      Proceeds from issuance                          43,556,056       48,241,623       11,377,260                   -               -                        -     103,174,939

      Repayment of borrowings                       (39,227,936)      (28,630,617)     (7,948,720)            (175,592)              -                        -    (75,982,865)

      Interest paid                                   (5,330,291)      (4,362,411)      (545,002)             (53,487)               -                        -      (10,291,191)

      Payment of lease liabilities                              -               -                -                   -      (662,201)                         -       (662,201)

      Dividend paid                                             -               -                -                   -               -               (4,769,463)    (4,769,463)
      Total changes from financing cash
        flows                                          (1,002,171)     15,248,595       2,883,538            (229,079)      (662,201)                (4,769,463)      11,469,219
      Other changes

      Interest expenses                                  704,782        4,876,439           597,601             59,122          63,271                        -        6,301,215

      New leases                                                -               -                -                   -       548,506                          -        548,506

      Dividends declared                                        -               -                -                   -               -                 4,820,463     4,820,463

      Exchange differences                                   292          271,629                -               12,106              -                        -        284,027
      Total other changes                               705,074         5,148,068           597,601              71,228        611,777                 4,820,463       11,954,211
      At 31 December 2023                             25,475,507       159,816,001      11,478,573             647,052       1,468,161                   145,230    199,030,524




339
                                       Financial Report and                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                     Corporate Governance                                                About Us                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                     Documents for Inspection                                          and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          43 Short-term bank loans

                                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                                2024                                      2023



          Credit loans                                                                    2,983,239                                    10,549,181

          Pledged loans                                                                        379,741                                  929,392

          Total                                                                           3,362,980                                    11,478,573




          As of 31 December 2024, the interest rates for short-term loans were in the range of 3.30% - 6.30% per annum (as of 31
          December 2023: 3.90% - 6.84% per annum).



          44 Short-term debt instruments issued

          As at 31 December 2024


          Name                                 Par value     Issuance date         Due date               Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                        Original currency                                              Original currency



          23 HUATAI S3                     RMB3,000,000          13/11/2023        13/9/2024              RMB3,000,000                    2.67%

          23 HUATAI S4                     RMB4,000,000         20/11/2023         20/9/2024              RMB4,000,000                    2.65%

          23 HUATAI S5                     RMB2,000,000          8/12/2023          8/7/2024              RMB2,000,000                     2.81%

          23 HUATAI S6                     RMB5,000,000         19/12/2023         19/3/2024              RMB5,000,000                    2.75%

          24 HUATAI S1                     RMB2,000,000         18/10/2024         18/3/2025              RMB2,000,000                    1.96%

          24 HUATAI S2                     RMB4,800,000          13/11/2024        13/5/2025              RMB4,800,000                    1.90%

          24 HUATAI S3                      RMB1,000,000         13/11/2024        13/11/2025              RMB1,000,000                    1.92%

          24 HUATAI S4                     RMB6,000,000         10/12/2024         10/6/2025              RMB6,000,000                     1.75%

          24 HUATAI S6                     RMB3,000,000         24/12/2024         24/8/2025              RMB3,000,000                     1.67%

          HUATAI B2401a                        USD25,800          13/1/2023         12/1/2024                 USD25,800                   5.00%

          HUATAI B2401b                        USD20,000          19/1/2023        19/1/2024                  USD20,000                   5.75%

          HUATAI B2402a                        USD15,000          3/2/2023          2/2/2024                  USD15,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2402b                        USD20,600          6/2/2023          5/2/2024                  USD20,600                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2403a                        USD30,000         27/3/2023         27/3/2024                  USD30,000                   5.60%

          HUATAI B2405b                      HKD475,000           5/5/2023          3/5/2024                HKD475,000                    4.60%

          HUATAI B2406c                        USD50,000         13/6/2023         13/6/2024                  USD50,000                   5.95%

          HUATAI B2401c                        USD27,500         18/7/2023         18/1/2024                  USD27,500                    6.17%

          HUATAI B2407a                         USD11,000        19/7/2023         19/7/2024                   USD11,000                   6.17%

          HUATAI B2401d                       HKD100,000         19/7/2023         19/1/2024                 HKD100,000                   5.36%

          HUATAI B2401e                        USD20,000         24/7/2023         24/1/2024                  USD20,000                   6.07%

          HUATAI B2407b                        USD19,000         27/7/2023         26/7/2024                  USD19,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2401h                        USD15,000         31/7/2023         31/1/2024                  USD15,000                   6.15%

          HUATAI B2401i                       HKD100,000         31/7/2023         31/1/2024                 HKD100,000                   5.55%

          HUATAI B2407c                        USD10,000          2/8/2023         31/7/2024                  USD10,000           SOFR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2408a                        USD15,000          3/8/2023          1/8/2024                  USD15,000           SOFR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2408b                        USD15,000          4/8/2023          2/8/2024                  USD15,000           SOFR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2408c                        USD10,000          4/8/2023          2/8/2024                  USD10,000           SOFR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2408d                        USD15,000         10/8/2023          9/8/2024                  USD15,000                   6.05%

          HUATAI B2402j                        USD30,000         18/8/2023         21/2/2024                  USD30,000                   6.14%

          HUATAI B2402k                        HKD29,000         22/8/2023         22/2/2024                  HKD29,000                   5.50%

          HUATAI B2402l                         USD5,800         22/8/2023         22/2/2024                   USD5,800                   6.10%

          HUATAI B2409a                       USD65,000          12/9/2023         11/9/2024                 USD65,000                    6.00%

          HUATAI B2403b                        USD18,050         22/9/2023         22/3/2024                  USD18,050                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2409b                         USD13,150        22/9/2023         20/9/2024                   USD13,150                  0.00%




340
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Name                          Par value    Issuance date     Due date       Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                       Original currency                                 Original currency



HUATAI B2403c                 USD60,000        27/9/2023    26/3/2024           USD60,000                   6.00%

HUATAI B2409c               RMB400,000         28/9/2023    24/9/2024         RMB400,000                    3.78%

HUATAI B2404                  USD10,000        17/10/2023   17/4/2024           USD10,000                   6.31%

HUATAI B2410a               RMB650,000        20/10/2023    16/10/2024        RMB650,000                    3.80%

HUATAI B2401f                 USD16,750       25/10/2023    25/1/2024           USD16,750                   0.00%

HUATAI B2405c                 USD14,500       25/10/2023     2/5/2024           USD14,500                   0.00%

HUATAI B2407d                 USD15,000       27/10/2023    27/7/2024           USD15,000                   6.36%



                                                                                                                              About Us
HUATAI B2401g                 USD10,000       27/10/2023     27/1/2024          USD10,000                   6.27%

HUATAI B2407e                 USD10,000       27/10/2023    27/7/2024           USD10,000                   6.36%

HUATAI B2411a                 USD30,000         6/11/2023    4/11/2024          USD30,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2402c                 USD18,000         7/11/2023    7/2/2024           USD18,000                   6.30%

HUATAI B2402g                 USD17,000         9/11/2023   15/2/2024           USD17,000                   6.30%

HUATAI B2402h                 USD15,000        10/11/2023   15/2/2024           USD15,000                   6.30%

HUATAI B2402e                 USD10,000        10/11/2023    9/2/2024           USD10,000                   5.87%

HUATAI B2411b                 USD35,000        13/11/2023    8/11/2024          USD35,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2402d                 USD18,200        13/11/2023    8/2/2024           USD18,200                   0.00%




                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2402f                 USD20,000        14/11/2023   14/2/2024           USD20,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2402i                 USD15,460        15/11/2023   15/2/2024           USD15,460                   0.00%




                                                                                                                            and Strategies
HUATAI B2405d                 USD10,000        21/11/2023   21/5/2024           USD10,000                   6.46%

HUATAI B2405e               HKD200,000        28/11/2023    28/5/2024         HKD200,000                    6.04%

HUATAI B2409d                 USD95,000        6/12/2023     6/9/2024           USD95,000                   6.00%

HUATAI B2406d                 USD25,000        7/12/2023     7/6/2024           USD25,000                   6.40%

HUATAI B2406e                 USD10,000        7/12/2023     7/6/2024           USD10,000                   6.36%

HUATAI B2403d                USD40,000         8/12/2023     8/3/2024          USD40,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2406f                 USD20,000        8/12/2023     7/6/2024           USD20,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2407f                 USD35,000        22/1/2024    22/7/2024           USD35,000                   5.85%




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2407g                HKD100,000        22/1/2024    22/7/2024          HKD100,000                   5.09%

HUATAI B2407h                USD60,000         25/1/2024    25/7/2024          USD60,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2405f                 USD35,000        26/1/2024    14/5/2024           USD35,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2405g                RMB100,000         1/2/2024    10/5/2024          RMB100,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2405h                 HKD81,000         2/2/2024    16/5/2024           HKD81,000                   5.04%

HUATAI B2405i                 USD10,000         6/2/2024    21/5/2024           USD10,000                   5.99%

HUATAI B2405j               RMB300,000          6/2/2024    21/5/2024         RMB300,000                    3.00%

HUATAI B2406g                 USD20,000         7/2/2024     7/6/2024           USD20,000                   5.97%

HUATAI B2408e                 USD10,000         7/2/2024     7/8/2024           USD10,000                   5.89%

HUATAI B2408f               RMB200,000          8/2/2024     8/8/2024         RMB200,000                    3.10%

HUATAI B2408g                 USD34,300        15/2/2024    15/8/2024           USD34,300                   5.96%




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
HUATAI B2408h                 USD20,000        15/2/2024    15/8/2024           USD20,000                   5.85%

HUATAI B2405k                 USD10,000        16/2/2024    30/5/2024           USD10,000                   5.97%

HUATAI B2411c                USD50,000         9/5/2024      7/11/2024         USD50,000                    6.00%

HUATAI B2411d                USD50,000         10/5/2024     8/11/2024         USD50,000                    6.00%




                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2409e                 USD20,000        6/6/2024      6/9/2024           USD20,000                   5.00%

HUATAI B2409f                 USD30,000        6/6/2024      6/9/2024           USD30,000                   5.85%

HUATAI B2412a                 USD42,000        11/6/2024    11/12/2024          USD42,000                   5.81%

HUATAI B2410b                 USD30,000        11/7/2024    11/10/2024          USD30,000                   5.72%

HUATAI B2410c                 USD30,000        15/7/2024    15/10/2024          USD30,000                   5.71%

Structured notes (1)      RMB12,788,986          Note (1)     Note (1)      RMB12,788,986                 Note (1)




                                                                                                                     341
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          Book value as at 1                                          Book value as at 31
          Name               January 2024             Increase          Decrease         December 2024
                            RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent        RMB equivalent



          23 HUATAI S3             3,010,680            53,400         (3,064,080)                      -

          23 HUATAI S4             4,012,072            70,667         (4,082,739)                      -

          23 HUATAI S5             2,003,626             28,100        (2,031,726)                      -

          23 HUATAI S6            5,004,805              22,917        (5,027,722)                      -

          24 HUATAI S1                     -         2,008,009                   -              2,008,009

          24 HUATAI S2                     -          4,812,160                  -               4,812,160

          24 HUATAI S3                     -          1,002,560                  -              1,002,560

          24 HUATAI S4                     -          6,006,210                  -              6,006,210

          24 HUATAI S6                     -          3,001,077                  -               3,001,077

          HUATAI B2401a              191,563              3,331          (194,894)                      -

          HUATAI B2401b              149,401             2,678           (152,079)                      -

          HUATAI B2402a              105,865              1,992          (107,857)                      -

          HUATAI B2402b              145,320             2,804           (148,124)                      -

          HUATAI B2403a              215,457             6,365           (221,822)                      -

          HUATAI B2405b             442,864              14,550          (457,414)                      -

          HUATAI B2406c              365,627             15,646          (381,273)                      -

          HUATAI B2401c              200,207              3,767         (203,974)                       -

          HUATAI B2407a              80,069              3,907            (83,976)                      -

          HUATAI B2401d               92,848             2,258            (95,106)                      -

          HUATAI B2401e              143,770              2,222          (145,992)                      -

          HUATAI B2407b              130,051             6,568           (136,619)                      -

          HUATAI B2401h              108,958              2,216           (111,174)                     -

          HUATAI B2401i               92,760             2,435            (95,195)                      -

          HUATAI B2407c                71,515             3,797           (75,312)                      -

          HUATAI B2408a              107,254              5,715          (112,969)                      -

          HUATAI B2408b              107,235             5,696            (112,931)                     -

          HUATAI B2408c               71,490              3,797           (75,287)                      -

          HUATAI B2408d              108,645             5,720           (114,365)                      -

          HUATAI B2402j              217,250              5,198         (222,448)                       -

          HUATAI B2402k                  491             27,109           (27,600)                      -

          HUATAI B2402l                  851             42,154          (43,005)                       -

          HUATAI B2409a              467,832            27,983           (495,815)                      -

          HUATAI B2403b               126,129            3,659           (129,788)                      -

          HUATAI B2409b                89,161            5,394           (94,555)                       -

          HUATAI B2403c               431,221            13,080          (444,301)                      -

          HUATAI B2409c             403,780               11,216         (414,996)                      -

          HUATAI B2404                 71,719            2,455            (74,174)                      -

          HUATAI B2410a             654,445             20,052          (674,497)                       -

          HUATAI B2401f               118,128             2,313          (120,441)                      -

          HUATAI B2405c              100,618             3,644           (104,262)                      -

          HUATAI B2407d              107,402             5,600           (113,002)                      -

          HUATAI B2401g               71,590              1,442           (73,032)                      -

          HUATAI B2407e                71,601             3,734           (75,335)                      -

          HUATAI B2411a              201,570             14,145          (215,715)                      -

          HUATAI B2402c              128,623             2,844           (131,467)                      -




342
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                       Book value as at 1                                         Book value as at 31
Name                      January 2024             Increase         Decrease         December 2024
                         RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent    RMB equivalent        RMB equivalent



HUATAI B2402g                      121,435            2,857          (124,292)                      -

HUATAI B2402h                      107,130             2,521         (109,651)                      -

HUATAI B2402e                      71,365              1,583          (72,948)                      -

HUATAI B2411b                    235,040              16,627         (251,667)                      -

HUATAI B2402d                     128,016              2,851         (130,867)                      -

HUATAI B2402f                     140,531              3,279         (143,810)                      -



                                                                                                                 About Us
HUATAI B2402i                     108,628              2,537          (111,165)                     -

HUATAI B2405d                      71,297             2,930           (74,227)                      -

HUATAI B2405e                     182,247             8,538          (190,785)                      -

HUATAI B2409d                    673,468             40,368          (713,836)                      -

HUATAI B2406d                     177,726              7,789         (185,515)                      -

HUATAI B2406e                      71,086              3,144          (74,230)                      -

HUATAI B2403d                     279,875              7,745         (287,620)                      -

HUATAI B2406f                      137,712            6,098          (143,810)                      -

HUATAI B2407f                           -           259,029         (259,029)                       -



                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2407g                           -            94,954          (94,954)                       -

HUATAI B2407h                           -            431,430         (431,430)                      -




                                                                                                               and Strategies
HUATAI B2405f                           -            251,667         (251,667)                      -

HUATAI B2405g                           -           100,000          (100,000)                      -

HUATAI B2405h                           -            76,086          (76,086)                       -

HUATAI B2405i                           -             73,161           (73,161)                     -

HUATAI B2405j                           -           302,589         (302,589)                       -

HUATAI B2406g                           -            146,672         (146,672)                      -

HUATAI B2408e                           -            74,023           (74,023)                      -

HUATAI B2408f                           -           203,092         (203,092)                       -




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2408g                           -           254,065         (254,065)                       -

HUATAI B2408h                           -            148,016         (148,016)                      -

HUATAI B2405k                           -             73,144          (73,144)                      -

HUATAI B2411c                           -            370,192         (370,192)                      -

HUATAI B2411d                           -           370,249          (370,249)                      -

HUATAI B2409e                           -            145,647         (145,647)                      -

HUATAI B2409f                           -            218,871          (218,871)                     -

HUATAI B2412a                           -            310,774         (310,774)                      -

HUATAI B2410b                           -            218,800         (218,800)                      -

HUATAI B2410c                           -            218,862         (218,862)                      -




                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Structured notes (1)            2,745,458         15,124,024       (5,846,559)             12,022,923

Total                          25,475,507        36,866,800       (33,489,368)             28,852,939




                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                        343
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2023



          Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                  Original currency



          22 HUATAI F1                 RMB4,000,000         17/1/2022     17/1/2024       RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          22 HUATAI S2                 RMB5,000,000         19/8/2022     17/2/2023       RMB5,000,000                     1.78%

          23 HUATAI S1                 RMB5,000,000         17/3/2023     15/9/2023       RMB5,000,000                    2.65%

          23 HUATAI S2                 RMB5,000,000        23/3/2023     25/10/2023       RMB5,000,000                    2.65%

          23 HUATAI S3                 RMB3,000,000         13/11/2023    13/9/2024       RMB3,000,000                    2.67%

          23 HUATAI S4                 RMB4,000,000        20/11/2023    20/9/2024        RMB4,000,000                    2.65%

          23 HUATAI S5                 RMB2,000,000         8/12/2023     8/7/2024        RMB2,000,000                     2.81%

          23 HUATAI S6                 RMB5,000,000        19/12/2023     19/3/2024       RMB5,000,000                    2.75%

          HUATAI B2304a                  USD100,000         7/4/2022      6/4/2023          USD100,000                    1.50%

          HUATAI B2304b                  USD100,000         7/4/2022      6/4/2023          USD100,000                    1.50%

          HUATAI B2304c                  USD100,000         7/4/2022      6/4/2023          USD100,000                    1.50%

          HUATAI B2302a                   USD50,000        27/5/2022     28/2/2023           USD50,000                    2.81%

          HUATAI B2302b                  HKD300,000         13/5/2022     13/2/2023         HKD300,000                    2.15%

          HUATAI B2305a                   USD50,000        27/5/2022     25/5/2023           USD50,000                    2.85%

          HUATAI B2306                   USD100,000         10/6/2022     8/6/2023          USD100,000                    2.86%

          HUATAI B2308                    USD15,000         10/8/2022     9/8/2023           USD15,000                    3.00%

          HUATAI B2302d                   USD18,000         14/11/2022    14/2/2023          USD18,000                    5.75%

          HUATAI B2302e                  HKD300,000         14/11/2022    14/2/2023         HKD300,000                    5.75%

          HUATAI B2302f                    USD10,700        16/11/2022    16/2/2023           USD10,700                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2302g                 HKD496,000          16/11/2022    16/2/2023        HKD496,000                     5.50%

          HUATAI B2302h                    USD5,499         18/11/2022    17/2/2023           USD5,499                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2302i                   HKD23,390         18/11/2022    17/2/2023          HKD23,390                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2302j                  HKD150,000        22/11/2022    22/2/2023          HKD150,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2311                    USD40,000        23/11/2022    22/11/2023          USD40,000                    6.05%

          HUATAI B2302k                    USD8,580        25/11/2022    24/2/2023            USD8,580                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2302l                  USD100,000        29/11/2022    27/2/2023          USD100,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2302m                   USD50,000        29/11/2022    27/2/2023           USD50,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2303a                    USD4,839         1/12/2022      1/3/2023           USD4,839                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2303b                   HKD14,000         1/12/2022      1/3/2023          HKD14,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2303c                   USD10,000         6/12/2022     3/3/2023           USD10,000                    5.70%

          HUATAI B2312                  RMB440,000         13/12/2022    12/12/2023        RMB440,000                     3.49%

          HUATAI B2306b                   USD62,000        15/12/2022    15/6/2023           USD62,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2306c                   USD32,300       29/12/2022     29/6/2023           USD32,300                    5.60%

          HUATAI B2304d                   USD30,000         13/1/2023     13/4/2023          USD30,000                    5.00%

          HUATAI B2401a                   USD25,800         13/1/2023     12/1/2024          USD25,800                    5.00%

          HUATAI B2304e                   HKD62,000         13/1/2023     13/4/2023          HKD62,000                    5.34%

          HUATAI B2304f                   USD20,000         17/1/2023     17/4/2023          USD20,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2304g                   USD20,000         17/1/2023    18/4/2023           USD20,000                    5.25%

          HUATAI B2307d                   USD20,000         17/1/2023     18/7/2023          USD20,000                    5.00%

          HUATAI B2312a                   USD60,000         17/1/2023    22/12/2023          USD60,000                    5.00%

          HUATAI B2307e                 HKD200,000          17/1/2023     18/7/2023        HKD200,000                     5.14%

          HUATAI B2401b                   USD20,000         19/1/2023     19/1/2024          USD20,000                    5.75%

          HUATAI B2310                    USD50,000         19/1/2023    19/10/2023          USD50,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2402a                   USD15,000         3/2/2023      2/2/2024           USD15,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2308a                   USD10,000         6/2/2023      4/8/2023           USD10,000                    5.50%

          HUATAI B2308b                   USD47,000         6/2/2023      7/8/2023           USD47,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2402b                   USD20,600         6/2/2023      5/2/2024           USD20,600                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2308c                   USD20,000         8/2/2023      8/8/2023           USD20,000                    5.55%




344
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Name                   Par value    Issuance date    Due date         Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                Original currency                                  Original currency

HUATAI B2308d         USD100,000         9/2/2023     9/8/2023           USD100,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2305b           USD6,600         10/2/2023    10/5/2023            USD6,600                    0.00%

HUATAI B2308e          USD15,000         10/2/2023    10/8/2023           USD15,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2305c           USD13,350        17/2/2023    17/5/2023            USD13,350                   0.00%

HUATAI B2308h          USD30,000         17/2/2023    17/8/2023           USD30,000                    5.46%

HUATAI B2305d          USD15,000         21/2/2023   23/5/2023            USD15,000                    5.28%

HUATAI B2308i         USD100,000         21/2/2023    18/8/2023          USD100,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2305e         HKD200,000         21/2/2023   23/5/2023           HKD200,000                    3.82%


                                                                                                                        About Us
HUATAI B2308f          USD50,000        22/2/2023     15/8/2023           USD50,000                    5.00%

HUATAI B2306a           USD11,820        8/3/2023     8/6/2023             USD11,820                   0.00%

HUATAI B2306d          USD20,000         10/3/2023    9/6/2023            USD20,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2309b         USD100,000         10/3/2023    12/9/2023          USD100,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2403a          USD30,000        27/3/2023    27/3/2024            USD30,000                    5.60%

HUATAI B2307f           USD17,000       19/4/2023     19/7/2023            USD17,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2307g           USD6,300        20/4/2023    20/7/2023             USD6,300                    0.00%

HUATAI B2307h          USD18,000        20/4/2023    20/7/2023            USD18,000                    0.00%




                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2307i          USD20,000        24/4/2023     21/7/2023           USD20,000                    5.55%

HUATAI B2311a          HKD51,000         2/5/2023     2/11/2023           HKD51,000                    0.00%




                                                                                                                      and Strategies
HUATAI B2405b         HKD475,000         5/5/2023     3/5/2024           HKD475,000                    4.60%

HUATAI B2307a          USD10,000         8/5/2023      7/7/2023           USD10,000                    5.55%

HUATAI B2311b          USD20,000         9/5/2023     9/11/2023           USD20,000                    5.55%

HUATAI B2307b          USD40,000        10/5/2023     11/7/2023           USD40,000                    5.55%

HUATAI B2307c          USD12,500        16/5/2023     14/7/2023           USD12,500                    5.55%

HUATAI B2311c          USD10,000        16/5/2023     16/11/2023          USD10,000                    5.66%

HUATAI B2311d            USD5,150       19/5/2023     17/11/2023            USD5,150                   0.00%

HUATAI B2307j          USD25,427        19/5/2023     21/7/2023           USD25,427                    5.00%




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2311g         HKD200,000        23/5/2023    24/11/2023          HKD200,000                    4.70%

HUATAI B2307k         HKD100,000        29/5/2023    28/7/2023           HKD100,000                    4.85%

HUATAI B2307l          USD15,000        29/5/2023    28/7/2023            USD15,000                    5.73%

HUATAI B2309a          USD15,000         6/6/2023     6/9/2023            USD15,000                    5.88%

HUATAI B2406c          USD50,000        13/6/2023     13/6/2024           USD50,000                    5.95%

HUATAI B2308g         HKD250,000        14/6/2023     15/8/2023          HKD250,000                    4.65%

HUATAI B2309c          USD26,300        15/6/2023     15/9/2023           USD26,300                    0.00%

HUATAI B2311f          USD39,000        23/6/2023    22/11/2023           USD39,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2311h          USD10,500        26/6/2023    27/11/2023           USD10,500                    0.00%

HUATAI B2309d          USD10,000        27/6/2023    27/9/2023            USD10,000                    5.50%

HUATAI B2311i          USD25,500        30/6/2023    30/11/2023           USD25,500                    5.50%




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
HUATAI B2310a          USD46,600         7/7/2023     11/10/2023          USD46,600                    5.50%

HUATAI B2401c          USD27,500         18/7/2023    18/1/2024           USD27,500                    6.17%

HUATAI B2310b          USD10,000         19/7/2023   19/10/2023           USD10,000                    5.80%




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2407a           USD11,000        19/7/2023    19/7/2024            USD11,000                   6.17%

HUATAI B2401d         HKD100,000         19/7/2023    19/1/2024          HKD100,000                    5.36%

HUATAI B2401e          USD20,000        24/7/2023     24/1/2024           USD20,000                    6.07%

HUATAI B2310c        HKD200,000         26/7/2023    26/10/2023         HKD200,000                     5.36%

HUATAI B2407b          USD19,000        27/7/2023    26/7/2024            USD19,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2401h          USD15,000         31/7/2023    31/1/2024           USD15,000                    6.15%

HUATAI B2401i         HKD100,000         31/7/2023    31/1/2024          HKD100,000                    5.55%

HUATAI B2311j          USD30,000          1/8/2023     1/11/2023          USD30,000                    6.03%

HUATAI B2407c          USD10,000         2/8/2023     31/7/2024           USD10,000              SOFR+0.95%

HUATAI B2408a          USD15,000         3/8/2023      1/8/2024           USD15,000              SOFR+0.95%

HUATAI B2311k           USD12,477        3/8/2023     3/11/2023            USD12,477                   0.00%




                                                                                                               345
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name                          Par value    Issuance date     Due date         Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                 Original currency                                   Original currency

          HUATAI B2408b                 USD15,000         4/8/2023      2/8/2024            USD15,000              SOFR+0.95%

          HUATAI B2408c                 USD10,000         4/8/2023      2/8/2024            USD10,000              SOFR+0.95%

          HUATAI B2312b                 USD40,000         4/8/2023      1/12/2023           USD40,000                    6.02%

          HUATAI B2408d                 USD15,000         10/8/2023     9/8/2024            USD15,000                    6.05%

          HUATAI B2402j                 USD30,000         18/8/2023     21/2/2024           USD30,000                    6.14%

          HUATAI B2311l                 USD10,000         21/8/2023     21/11/2023          USD10,000                    6.00%

          HUATAI B2311m                 USD45,000        22/8/2023     22/11/2023           USD45,000                    6.05%

          HUATAI B2402k                 HKD29,000        22/8/2023     22/2/2024            HKD29,000                    5.50%

          HUATAI B2402l                  USD5,800        22/8/2023     22/2/2024             USD5,800                    6.10%

          HUATAI B2409a                 USD65,000         12/9/2023     11/9/2024           USD65,000                    6.00%

          HUATAI B2312c                 USD30,000        18/9/2023     18/12/2023           USD30,000                    6.06%

          HUATAI B2403b                 USD18,050        22/9/2023     22/3/2024            USD18,050                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2409b                  USD13,150       22/9/2023     20/9/2024             USD13,150                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2403c                 USD60,000        27/9/2023     26/3/2024            USD60,000                    6.00%

          HUATAI B2409c               CNY400,000         28/9/2023     24/9/2024          CNY400,000                     3.78%

          HUATAI B2312d                 USD10,340        29/9/2023     29/12/2023           USD10,340                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2404                  USD10,000        17/10/2023     17/4/2024           USD10,000                    6.31%

          HUATAI B2410                CNY650,000        20/10/2023     16/10/2024         CNY650,000                     3.80%

          HUATAI B2401f                  USD16,750      25/10/2023      25/1/2024            USD16,750                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2405c                 USD14,500       25/10/2023      2/5/2024            USD14,500                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2407d                 USD15,000        27/10/2023    27/7/2024            USD15,000                    6.36%

          HUATAI B2401g                 USD10,000        27/10/2023     27/1/2024           USD10,000                    6.27%

          HUATAI B2407e                 USD10,000        27/10/2023    27/7/2024            USD10,000                    6.36%

          HUATAI B2411a                 USD30,000         6/11/2023     4/11/2024           USD30,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2402c                 USD18,000         7/11/2023     7/2/2024            USD18,000                    6.30%

          HUATAI B2402g                  USD17,000        9/11/2023     15/2/2024            USD17,000                   6.30%

          HUATAI B2402h                 USD15,000         10/11/2023    15/2/2024           USD15,000                    6.30%

          HUATAI B2402e                 USD10,000         10/11/2023    9/2/2024            USD10,000                    5.87%

          HUATAI B2411b                 USD35,000         13/11/2023    8/11/2024           USD35,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2402d                 USD18,200         13/11/2023    8/2/2024            USD18,200                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2402f                 USD20,000         14/11/2023   14/2/2024            USD20,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2402i                 USD15,460        15/11/2023    15/2/2024            USD15,460                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2405d                 USD10,000         21/11/2023   21/5/2024            USD10,000                    6.46%

          HUATAI B2405e                HKD200,000        28/11/2023    28/5/2024           HKD200,000                    6.04%

          HUATAI B2409d                 USD95,000        6/12/2023      6/9/2024            USD95,000                    6.00%

          HUATAI B2406d                 USD25,000         7/12/2023     7/6/2024            USD25,000                    6.40%

          HUATAI B2406e                 USD10,000         7/12/2023     7/6/2024            USD10,000                    6.36%

          HUATAI B2403d                 USD40,000        8/12/2023      8/3/2024            USD40,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2406f                 USD20,000        8/12/2023      7/6/2024            USD20,000                    0.00%

          Structured notes (1)       RMB2,786,805           Note (1)     Note (1)        RMB2,786,805                  Note (1)




346
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                Book value as at 1                                           Book value as at 31
Name                January 2023           Increase           Decrease          December 2023
                   RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent



22 HUATAI F1              4,105,269             4,731         (4,110,000)                      -

22 HUATAI S2              5,032,777             7,417         (5,040,194)                      -

23 HUATAI S1                     -          5,060,551         (5,060,551)                      -

23 HUATAI S2                     -         5,069,456         (5,069,456)                       -

23 HUATAI S3                     -          3,010,680                   -               3,010,680

23 HUATAI S4                     -          4,012,072                   -               4,012,072



                                                                                                             About Us
23 HUATAI S5                     -          2,003,626                   -              2,003,626

23 HUATAI S6                     -          5,004,805                   -              5,004,805

HUATAI B2304a              697,585             21,280          (718,865)                       -

HUATAI B2304b              697,585             21,280          (718,865)                       -

HUATAI B2304c              697,585             21,280          (718,865)                       -

HUATAI B2302a              354,203              7,484          (361,687)                       -

HUATAI B2302b               271,621            4,659           (276,280)                       -

HUATAI B2305a              354,025             10,148           (364,173)                      -

HUATAI B2306                707,321            21,095          (728,416)                       -



                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2308               105,092              4,327           (109,419)                      -

HUATAI B2302d               126,321             3,015          (129,336)                       -




                                                                                                           and Strategies
HUATAI B2302e              269,950             5,850           (275,800)                       -

HUATAI B2302f               74,030              1,755           (75,785)                       -

HUATAI B2302g              445,902             9,804           (455,706)                       -

HUATAI B2302h                38,132               816           (38,948)                       -

HUATAI B2302i               20,749               447             (21,196)                      -

HUATAI B2302j               132,878             3,052          (135,930)                       -

HUATAI B2311                279,817           20,584           (300,401)                       -

HUATAI B2302k               59,279              1,490           (60,769)                       -




                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2302l              690,163              18,107         (708,270)                       -

HUATAI B2302m              345,082             9,053           (354,135)                       -

HUATAI B2303a               33,398               875            (34,273)                       -

HUATAI B2303b                12,390              297             (12,687)                      -

HUATAI B2303c               69,931              1,858            (71,789)                      -

HUATAI B2312               440,604              14,710         (455,314)                       -

HUATAI B2306b              420,182             18,945           (439,127)                      -

HUATAI B2306c              225,057              10,102         (235,159)                       -

HUATAI B2304d                    -             215,101           (215,101)                     -

HUATAI B2401a                    -            191,563                   -                 191,563




                                                                                                            Financial Report and
HUATAI B2304e                    -            56,924            (56,924)                       -

HUATAI B2304f                    -            141,654           (141,654)                      -

HUATAI B2304g                    -            143,508          (143,508)                       -

HUATAI B2307d                    -            145,186           (145,186)                      -




                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2312a                     -          444,697           (444,697)                       -

HUATAI B2307e                     -           185,885          (185,885)                       -

HUATAI B2401b                     -           149,401                   -                 149,401

HUATAI B2310                      -           354,135          (354,135)                       -

HUATAI B2402a                     -           105,865                   -                105,865

HUATAI B2308a                     -            72,737            (72,737)                       -




                                                                                                    347
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          Book value as at 1                                        Book value as at 31
          Name                January 2023          Increase          Decrease         December 2023
                             RMB equivalent    RMB equivalent    RMB equivalent         RMB equivalent



          HUATAI B2308b                    -          332,887          (332,887)                      -

          HUATAI B2402b                    -           145,320                 -                145,320

          HUATAI B2308c                    -           145,553         (145,553)                      -

          HUATAI B2308d                    -          708,270          (708,270)                      -

          HUATAI B2305b                    -           46,746           (46,746)                      -

          HUATAI B2308e                    -           106,241          (106,241)                     -

          HUATAI B2305c                    -           94,554           (94,554)                      -

          HUATAI B2308h                    -           218,234         (218,234)                      -

          HUATAI B2305d                    -           107,639         (107,639)                      -

          HUATAI B2308i                    -          708,270          (708,270)                      -

          HUATAI B2305e                    -           182,966         (182,966)                      -

          HUATAI B2308f                    -          362,576          (362,576)                      -

          HUATAI B2306a                    -            83,718          (83,718)                      -

          HUATAI B2306d                    -           141,654          (141,654)                     -

          HUATAI B2309b                    -          708,270          (708,270)                      -

          HUATAI B2403a                    -           215,457                 -                 215,457

          HUATAI B2307f                    -           120,406         (120,406)                      -

          HUATAI B2307g                    -            44,621          (44,621)                      -

          HUATAI B2307h                    -           127,489         (127,489)                      -

          HUATAI B2307i                    -           143,549         (143,549)                      -

          HUATAI B2311a                    -            46,216          (46,216)                      -

          HUATAI B2405b                    -          442,864                  -                442,864

          HUATAI B2307a                    -            71,473           (71,473)                     -

          HUATAI B2311b                    -           145,617          (145,617)                     -

          HUATAI B2307b                    -          285,979          (285,979)                      -

          HUATAI B2307c                    -           89,328           (89,328)                      -

          HUATAI B2311c                    -           72,848           (72,848)                      -

          HUATAI B2311d                    -           36,476           (36,476)                      -

          HUATAI B2307j                    -           181,646          (181,646)                     -

          HUATAI B2311g                    -           185,557         (185,557)                      -

          HUATAI B2307k                    -            91,342          (91,342)                      -

          HUATAI B2307l                    -           107,241          (107,241)                     -

          HUATAI B2309a                    -           107,815          (107,815)                     -

          HUATAI B2406c                    -          365,627                  -                365,627

          HUATAI B2308g                    -          228,339          (228,339)                      -

          HUATAI B2309c                    -           186,275         (186,275)                      -

          HUATAI B2311f                    -          276,225          (276,225)                      -

          HUATAI B2311h                    -           74,368           (74,368)                      -

          HUATAI B2309d                    -            71,809          (71,809)                      -

          HUATAI B2311i                    -           184,773         (184,773)                      -

          HUATAI B2310a                    -          334,828          (334,828)                      -

          HUATAI B2401c                    -          200,207                  -                200,207

          HUATAI B2310b                    -            71,862          (71,862)                      -

          HUATAI B2407a                    -           80,069                  -                 80,069

          HUATAI B2401d                    -           92,848                  -                 92,848

          HUATAI B2401e                    -           143,770                 -                 143,770

          HUATAI B2310c                    -           183,689         (183,689)                       -

          HUATAI B2407b                    -           130,051                 -                 130,051

          HUATAI B2401h                    -           108,958                 -                108,958




348
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                  Book value as at 1                                                      Book value as at 31
Name                                  January 2023                Increase                Decrease          December 2023
                                     RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent



HUATAI B2401i                                      -                  92,760                       -                   92,760

HUATAI B2311j                                      -                  215,710               (215,710)                        -

HUATAI B2407c                                      -                   71,515                      -                    71,515

HUATAI B2408a                                      -                 107,254                       -                   107,254

HUATAI B2311k                                      -                  88,371                (88,371)                         -

HUATAI B2408b                                      -                 107,235                       -                   107,235



                                                                                                                                           About Us
HUATAI B2408c                                      -                  71,490                       -                    71,490

HUATAI B2312b                                      -                288,868               (288,868)                          -

HUATAI B2408d                                      -                 108,645                       -                  108,645

HUATAI B2402j                                      -                 217,250                       -                   217,250

HUATAI B2311l                                      -                  71,898                (71,898)                         -

HUATAI B2311m                                      -                323,582                (323,582)                         -

HUATAI B2402k                                      -                     491                       -                       491

HUATAI B2402l                                      -                     851                       -                       851

HUATAI B2409a                                      -                467,832                        -                  467,832



                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2312c                                      -                  215,691               (215,691)                        -

HUATAI B2403b                                      -                  126,129                      -                   126,129




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
HUATAI B2409b                                      -                   89,161                      -                    89,161

HUATAI B2403c                                      -                  431,221                      -                   431,221

HUATAI B2409c                                      -                403,780                        -                  403,780

HUATAI B2312d                                      -                  73,235                (73,235)                         -

HUATAI B2404                                       -                   71,719                      -                     71,719

HUATAI B2410                                       -                654,445                        -                  654,445

HUATAI B2401f                                      -                  118,128                      -                    118,128

HUATAI B2405c                                      -                 100,618                       -                   100,618




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2407d                                      -                 107,402                       -                   107,402

HUATAI B2401g                                      -                  71,590                       -                    71,590

HUATAI B2407e                                      -                   71,601                      -                    71,601

HUATAI B2411a                                      -                 201,570                       -                   201,570

HUATAI B2402c                                      -                 128,623                       -                   128,623

HUATAI B2402g                                      -                  121,435                      -                   121,435

HUATAI B2402h                                      -                  107,130                      -                   107,130

HUATAI B2402e                                      -                  71,365                       -                    71,365

HUATAI B2411b                                      -                235,040                        -                  235,040

HUATAI B2402d                                      -                  128,016                      -                   128,016




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
HUATAI B2402f                                      -                  140,531                      -                   140,531

HUATAI B2402i                                      -                 108,628                       -                  108,628

HUATAI B2405d                                      -                   71,297                      -                    71,297

HUATAI B2405e                                      -                 182,247                       -                   182,247




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2409d                                      -                673,468                        -                  673,468

HUATAI B2406d                                      -                 177,726                       -                   177,726

HUATAI B2406e                                      -                  71,086                       -                    71,086

HUATAI B2403d                                      -                 279,875                       -                  279,875

HUATAI B2406f                                      -                  137,712                      -                   137,712

Structured notes (1)                       9,065,676                702,082              (7,022,300)                2,745,458

Total                                     25,772,604               44,261,130           (44,558,227)               25,475,507




(1) During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company has issued 186 tranches of structured notes, bearing interest
ranging from 1.78% to 6.58% per annum, repayable within 1 year. Structured notes repayable more than 1 year are classified
as "Long-term bonds" (Note 53). (During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has issued 182 tranches of
structured notes, bearing interest ranging from 2.20% to 6.58% per annum).




                                                                                                                                  349
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          45 Placements from other financial institutions

          Current




                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2024                             2023



          Placements from banks                                                               30,113,661                       39,244,418

          Placements from refinancing business                                                        -                           292,109

          Total                                                                               30,113,661                      39,536,527




          As at 31 December 2024, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of 1.40% - 5.17% per annum, with
          maturities within 114 days (as at 31 December 2023, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of 1.00%
          -6.15% per annum, with maturities within 361 days), and the placements from CSF is nil (as at 31 December 2023: the
          placements from CSF are secured by the securities and refundable deposits held by the Group, bearing interest of 2.15%-
          2.90%per annum, with maturities within 170 days, and the placements from CSF is RMB292 million).



          46 Accounts payable to brokerage clients

          Current



                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2024                             2023



          Clients' deposits for brokerage trading                                           162,456,364                       129,645,383

          Clients' deposits for margin financing and securities lending                       22,130,612                       15,055,977

          Total                                                                             184,586,976                       144,701,360




          Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the monies received from and repayable to brokerage clients, which are
          mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage clients are interest-bearing at
          the prevailing interest rate.

          The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayable on demand except where certain accounts payable to
          brokerage clients represent monies received from clients for their margin financing activities under normal course of
          business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excess amounts over the required margin deposits and
          cash collateral stipulated are repayable on demand.

          No aging analysis is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the aging analysis does not give additional
          value in view of the nature of these businesses.




350
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
47 Employee benefits payable

Non-current



                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                      2024                             2023



Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                    6,116,922                        6,431,780




                                                                                                                                         About Us
Current



                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                      2024                             2023



Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                   4,194,639                         3,744,726

Contribution to pension scheme                                                          203                            4,284

Other social welfare                                                                394,171                          402,429



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Total                                                                             4,589,013                         4,151,439




                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
48 Other payables and accruals

Non-current



                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                      2024                             2023




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Lease liabilities

1 to 2 years (inclusive)                                                           296,568                           572,755

2 to 5 years (inclusive)                                                             251,721                         282,494

After 5 years                                                                        33,657                            72,031

Total                                                                               581,946                          927,280




The Group's leases are mainly land and buildings for operations. Most lease contracts are entered into terms from 1 year to
5 years.

(1) During year of 2024, the expenses related to short-term leases and low-value leases of RMB31 million (2023: RMB39




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
million) were recognised in profit or loss.

(2) As at 31 December 2024, the cash flows of lease contracts signed by the Group but lease not yet commenced are




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
insignificant.




                                                                                                                                351
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2024                             2023



          Trade payable                                                                      67,027,191                       98,159,066

          Payable to brokers, dealers and clearing house                                     3,967,684                         3,841,663

          Payable to open-ended funds                                                        1,008,569                         7,825,379

          Other tax payable                                                                   344,952                            168,412

          Restrictive repurchase obligation                                                    100,545                           228,371

          Lease liabilities                                                                   432,669                           540,881

          Fee and commission payable                                                           42,640                            110,456

          Futures risk reserve                                                                 261,750                          238,043

          Payable to outsourcing service                                                       115,275                           161,898

          Payable to the securities investor protection fund                                   66,545                            48,563

          Funds payable to securities issuers                                                  69,650                            228,431

          Payable for office building construction                                              20,635                            24,314

          Dividend payable                                                                      13,097                           64,097

          Accrued liabilities(1)                                                               746,108                           570,142

          Others (2)                                                                          1,219,109                        1,675,083

          Total                                                                             75,436,419                       113,884,799




          (1) The balance of accrued liabilities mainly represents the provisions accrued for the outstanding litigations amounting to
          RMB746 million. (Note 58).

          (2) The balance of others mainly represents payable to brokerage agents and sundry payables arising from normal course
          of business.




352
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
49 Contract liabilities


                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                     2024                    2023



Advance fee and commission                                                         104,280                  158,581

Advance consideration from commodity trading                                           412                   18,919

Total                                                                              104,692                  177,500




50 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                                                            About Us


(a) Analysed by collateral type:


                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                     2024                    2023




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Debt securities                                                                113,398,845              130,284,994

Equity securities                                                                7,649,323                13,771,155




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Total                                                                           121,048,168             144,056,149




As at 31 December 2024, the Group's pledged collateral in connection with financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements amounted to RMB 154,418 million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB177,096 million).


(b) Analysed by market:




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                     2024                    2023



Inter-bank market                                                               73,799,904               91,007,974

Shanghai stock exchange                                                         33,351,190               39,159,490

Shenzhen stock exchange                                                         13,897,074               13,888,685

Total                                                                           121,048,168             144,056,149




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                       353
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          51 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

          Non-current



                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024                               2023



          Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                  6,973,421                          8,961,031




          Current



                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2024                               2023



          Financial liabilities held for trading                                               26,585,600                          35,932,137

          Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                  6,889,311                         7,777,998

          Total                                                                                 33,474,911                         43,710,135




          In the consolidated financial statements, the financial liabilities arising from consolidation of structured entities and private
          funds with the underlying investments related to listed equity investments in active markets and unlisted equity investments
          are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to pay other investors
          or limited partners upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on net book value and related terms of those
          consolidated asset management schemes or private equity funds.

          In the consolidated financial statements, certain structured notes are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the
          Group, as the host contracts of structured notes contains embedded derivatives.

          In the consolidated financial statements, certain bonds are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as
          the designation can significantly reduce the accounting mismatch.

          As at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, there were no significant fair value changes related to the changes in the
          credit risk of the Group, respectively.




354
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
52 Long-term bonds due within one year

As at 31 December 2024


Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                  Original currency



21 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000        2021/01/20    2024/01/20       RMB4,000,000                     3.58%

21 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000        2021/04/26    2024/04/26       RMB5,000,000                     3.42%

21 HUATAI G5                RMB4,000,000        2021/05/24    2024/05/24       RMB4,000,000                     3.28%



                                                                                                                                 About Us
21 HUATAI G7                RMB2,000,000        2021/06/15    2024/06/15       RMB2,000,000                    3.40%

21 HUATAI 09                RMB2,500,000        2021/06/21    2024/06/21       RMB2,500,000                    3.45%

21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000       2021/09/07    2024/09/07        RMB1,500,000                    3.03%

21 HUATAI 13                 RMB2,100,000        2021/10/18    2024/10/18       RMB2,100,000                    3.25%

21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000       2021/10/25    2024/10/25        RMB2,200,000                    3.22%

22 HUATAI G2                RMB2,000,000        2022/08/15    2024/08/15       RMB2,000,000                     2.43%

22 HUATAI G3                RMB3,000,000       2022/08/26     2024/08/26       RMB3,000,000                     2.33%

22 HUATAI G6                RMB3,600,000         2022/11/21    2024/11/21      RMB3,600,000                     2.87%

22 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,500,000       2022/12/05    2024/12/05        RMB1,500,000                    2.87%




                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
22 HUATAI 12                RMB4,000,000        2022/12/22    2024/12/22       RMB4,000,000                     3.24%

20 HUATAI G3                RMB3,500,000       2020/04/29     2025/04/29       RMB3,500,000                     2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                RMB3,000,000        2020/05/21    2025/05/21       RMB3,000,000                     3.20%




                                                                                                                               and Strategies
22 HUATAI G1                RMB5,000,000        2022/02/14    2025/02/14       RMB5,000,000                     2.79%

22 HUATAI G4                RMB2,000,000       2022/09/05     2025/09/05       RMB2,000,000                     2.52%

22 HUATAI G5                RMB3,000,000        2022/09/13    2025/09/13       RMB3,000,000                    2.50%

22 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000         2022/12/12    2025/12/12      RMB2,000,000                     3.35%

23 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000        2023/01/10    2025/01/10       RMB4,000,000                     2.92%

23 HUATAI G2                  RMB800,000        2023/01/16    2025/01/16         RMB800,000                    3.00%

23 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,700,000       2023/05/10    2025/07/10        RMB1,700,000                    2.82%

23 HUATAI 13                 RMB1,000,000       2023/10/16    2025/10/16        RMB1,000,000                   2.80%




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
20 HUATAI C1                RMB5,000,000         2020/11/13    2025/11/13      RMB5,000,000                    4.48%

HUATAI B2404                  USD900,000        2021/04/09    2024/04/09         USD900,000                     1.30%

HUATAI B2503                 USD1,000,000      2022/03/03     2025/03/03        USD1,000,000                    2.38%

HUATAI B2509                RMB3,025,000        2022/09/14    2025/09/14       RMB3,025,000                    2.85%

Structured notes (1)          RMB500,843           Note (1)      Note (1)        RMB500,843                  Note (1)




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and



                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                        355
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Book value as at                                             Book value as at
          Name                    1 January 2024            Increase          Decrease      31 December 2024
                                  RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent       RMB equivalent



          21 HUATAI G1                   4,135,816             7,384         (4,143,200)                     -

          21 HUATAI G3                   5,115,842             55,158         (5,171,000)                    -

          21 HUATAI G5                  4,078,828              52,372         (4,131,200)                    -

          21 HUATAI G7                   2,036,717             31,283        (2,068,000)                     -

          21 HUATAI 09                   2,545,126             41,124        (2,586,250)                     -

          21 HUATAI 11                    1,514,151            31,299        (1,545,450)                     -

          21 HUATAI 13                   2,113,824            54,426         (2,168,250)                     -

          21 HUATAI 15                   2,213,012            57,828         (2,270,840)                     -

          22 HUATAI G2                   2,017,898            30,702         (2,048,600)                     -

          22 HUATAI G3                  3,023,508             46,392         (3,069,900)                     -

          22 HUATAI G6                    3,611,143            92,177        (3,703,320)                     -

          22 HUATAI G8                   1,502,580            40,470         (1,543,050)                     -

          22 HUATAI 12                  4,001,636             127,964        (4,129,600)                     -

          20 HUATAI G3                           -         3,669,503           (101,500)             3,568,003

          20 HUATAI G4                           -          3,154,606          (96,000)              3,058,606

          22 HUATAI G1                           -          5,261,756          (139,500)              5,122,256

          22 HUATAI G4                           -          2,066,255          (50,400)              2,015,855

          22 HUATAI G5                           -          3,096,831          (75,000)               3,021,831

          22 HUATAI 10                           -          2,070,097          (67,000)              2,003,097

          23 HUATAI G1                           -          4,231,409          (116,800)              4,114,609

          23 HUATAI G2                           -            847,152          (24,000)                823,152

          23 HUATAI G8                           -          1,778,787          (47,940)               1,730,847

          23 HUATAI 13                           -          1,033,674          (28,000)              1,005,674

          20 HUATAI C1                           -          5,253,184         (224,000)              5,029,184

          HUATAI B2404                  6,388,692             67,244         (6,455,936)                     -

          HUATAI B2503                           -          7,416,677          (170,846)              7,245,831

          HUATAI B2509                           -           3,135,411         (86,920)              3,048,491

          Structured notes (1)            504,716                   -          (504,716)                     -

          Total                        44,803,489          43,751,165       (46,767,218)            41,787,436




356
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As at 31 December 2023



Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date         Issue amount Nominal   interest rate
                         Original currency                                   Original currency



13 HUATAI 02                 RMB6,000,000          5/6/2013     5/6/2023         RMB6,000,000                  5.10%

18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000         26/11/2018   26/11/2023        RMB1,000,000                  4.17%

20 HUATAI G1                 RMB8,000,000        26/3/2020     26/3/2023         RMB8,000,000                  2.99%

20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000        18/6/2020      18/6/2023        RMB3,200,000                  3.10%




                                                                                                                                About Us
20 HUATAI G7                 RMB3,500,000        24/11/2020    24/11/2023        RMB3,500,000                 3.90%

20 HUATAI G9                 RMB4,000,000         9/12/2020     9/12/2023        RMB4,000,000                  3.79%

21 HUATAI G1                 RMB4,000,000         20/1/2021     20/1/2024        RMB4,000,000                 3.58%

21 HUATAI G3                 RMB5,000,000         26/4/2021    26/4/2024         RMB5,000,000                  3.42%

21 HUATAI G5                 RMB4,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2024         RMB4,000,000                  3.28%

21 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,000,000         15/6/2021     15/6/2024        RMB2,000,000                 3.40%

21 HUATAI 09                 RMB2,500,000         21/6/2021     21/6/2024        RMB2,500,000                 3.45%

21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000          7/9/2021     7/9/2024         RMB1,500,000                  3.03%

21 HUATAI 13                  RMB2,100,000       18/10/2021    18/10/2024         RMB2,100,000                 3.25%




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000        25/10/2021    25/10/2024        RMB2,200,000                  3.22%

22 HUATAI G2                 RMB2,000,000         15/8/2022     15/8/2024        RMB2,000,000                  2.43%




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
22 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,000,000        26/8/2022     26/8/2024         RMB3,000,000                  2.33%

22 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,600,000         21/11/2022    21/11/2024       RMB3,600,000                  2.87%

22 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,500,000         5/12/2022     5/12/2024        RMB1,500,000                  2.87%

22 HUATAI 12                 RMB4,000,000        22/12/2022    22/12/2024        RMB4,000,000                  3.24%

HUATAI B2302c                  USD400,000         12/2/2020     12/2/2023          USD400,000          LIBOR+0.95%

HUATAI B2404                  USD900,000           9/4/2021     9/4/2024          USD900,000                   1.30%

Structured notes (1)          RMB500,843            Note (1)      Note (1)        RMB500,843                Note (1)




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                       357
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                             Book value as at                                                         Book value as at
          Name                                1 January 2023                Increase                Decrease        31 December 2023
                                               RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent



          13 HUATAI 02                                6,177,782                 128,218            (6,306,000)                         -

          18 HUATAI G2                               1,003,869                  37,831              (1,041,700)                        -

          20 HUATAI G1                               8,182,656                 56,544              (8,239,200)                         -

          20 HUATAI G6                               3,251,653                  47,547             (3,299,200)                         -

          20 HUATAI G7                               3,513,690                  122,810            (3,636,500)                         -

          20 HUATAI G9                                4,009,121                142,479              (4,151,600)                        -

          21 HUATAI G1                                       -               4,279,016               (143,200)                4,135,816

          21 HUATAI G3                                       -               5,286,842                (171,000)               5,115,842

          21 HUATAI G5                                       -               4,210,028                (131,200)              4,078,828

          21 HUATAI G7                                       -                2,104,717               (68,000)                2,036,717

          21 HUATAI 09                                       -               2,631,376                (86,250)                2,545,126

          21 HUATAI 11                                       -                1,559,601               (45,450)                  1,514,151

          21 HUATAI 13                                       -               2,182,074                (68,250)                 2,113,824

          21 HUATAI 15                                       -               2,283,852                (70,840)                 2,213,012

          22 HUATAI G2                                       -               2,066,498                (48,600)                2,017,898

          22 HUATAI G3                                       -               3,093,408                (69,900)               3,023,508

          22 HUATAI G6                                       -               3,714,463               (103,320)                 3,611,143

          22 HUATAI G8                                       -               1,545,630                (43,050)                1,502,580

          22 HUATAI 12                                       -                4,131,236              (129,600)                4,001,636

          HUATAI B2302c                              2,802,824                   11,082             (2,813,906)                        -

          HUATAI B2404                                       -               6,471,560                (82,868)               6,388,692

          Structured notes (1)                          121,154                504,716                 (121,154)               504,716

          Total                                     29,062,749               46,611,528           (30,870,788)              44,803,489




          (1) As at 31 December 2024, no structured note would mature within one year (as at 31 December 2023: RMB504.72 million).




358
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
53 Long-term bonds

As at 31 December 2024


Name                            Par value    Issuance date    Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                 Original currency



20 HUATAI G3                RMB3,500,000         29/4/2020    29/4/2025       RMB3,500,000                    2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                RMB3,000,000         21/5/2020    21/5/2025       RMB3,000,000                    3.20%

21 HUATAI G4                RMB6,000,000          17/5/2021   17/5/2026       RMB6,000,000                     3.71%



                                                                                                                                About Us
21 HUATAI G6                RMB2,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2026       RMB2,000,000                    3.63%

21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000         7/9/2021      7/9/2031       RMB2,700,000                   3.78%

21 HUATAI 14                RMB3,400,000         18/10/2021   18/10/2031      RMB3,400,000                    3.99%

21 HUATAI 16                 RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2031       RMB1,100,000                   3.94%

22 HUATAI G1                RMB5,000,000         14/2/2022    14/2/2025       RMB5,000,000                    2.79%

22 HUATAI G4                RMB2,000,000          5/9/2022     5/9/2025       RMB2,000,000                    2.52%

22 HUATAI G5                RMB3,000,000         13/9/2022    13/9/2025       RMB3,000,000                    2.50%

22 HUATAI G7                 RMB1,400,000        21/11/2022   21/11/2027       RMB1,400,000                   3.18%




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
22 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000         12/12/2022   12/12/2025      RMB2,000,000                    3.35%

22 HUATAI 11                  RMB500,000         12/12/2022   12/12/2027        RMB500,000                    3.49%

23 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000         10/1/2023     10/1/2025      RMB4,000,000                    2.92%




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
23 HUATAI G2                  RMB800,000         16/1/2023     16/1/2025        RMB800,000                    3.00%

23 HUATAI G3                RMB2,000,000         16/1/2023     16/1/2028      RMB2,000,000                    3.48%

23 HUATAI G4                RMB4,500,000          6/2/2023     6/2/2026       RMB4,500,000                    3.23%

23 HUATAI G5                RMB4,000,000         13/2/2023    13/2/2028       RMB4,000,000                    3.39%

23 HUATAI G6                 RMB1,500,000        27/2/2023    27/2/2026        RMB1,500,000                   3.14%

23 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,200,000        27/2/2023    27/2/2028        RMB2,200,000                   3.36%

23 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,700,000        10/5/2023    10/7/2025        RMB1,700,000                   2.82%




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
23 HUATAI G9                  RMB700,000         10/5/2023    10/5/2028         RMB700,000                    3.07%

23 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000         24/8/2023    24/8/2026       RMB2,000,000                    2.64%

23 HUATAI 11                RMB2,500,000         21/9/2023    21/9/2026       RMB2,500,000                    2.89%

23 HUATAI 13                 RMB1,000,000       16/10/2023    16/10/2025       RMB1,000,000                   2.80%

23 HUATAI 14                 RMB1,600,000       16/10/2023    16/10/2033       RMB1,600,000                   3.35%

23 HUATAI 15                 RMB1,000,000        6/11/2023     6/8/2026        RMB1,000,000                   2.83%

23 HUATAI 16                RMB2,500,000         6/11/2023     6/11/2033      RMB2,500,000                    3.30%

23 HUATAI F2                RMB2,800,000         27/11/2023   27/11/2026      RMB2,800,000                    3.07%

23 HUATAI F4                RMB3,600,000        15/12/2023    15/12/2026      RMB3,600,000                    3.08%

20 HUATAI C1                RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020   13/11/2025      RMB5,000,000                    4.48%

21 HUATAI C1                RMB9,000,000         29/1/2021    29/1/2026       RMB9,000,000                    4.50%




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
HUATAI B2604                  USD500,000          9/4/2021     9/4/2026         USD500,000                    2.00%

HUATAI B2503                 USD1,000,000         3/3/2022     3/3/2025        USD1,000,000                   2.38%

HUATAI B2509                RMB3,025,000         14/9/2022    14/9/2025       RMB3,025,000                    2.85%




                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2608                  USD400,000          9/8/2023     9/8/2026         USD400,000                    5.25%

HUATAI B2611                  USD800,000        29/11/2023    29/11/2026        USD800,000             SOFR + 0.9%

Structured notes (1)         RMB3,030,000          Note (1)     Note (1)       RMB3,030,000                 Note (1)




                                                                                                                       359
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Book value as at                                     Book value as at
          Name                    1 January 2024       Increase       Decrease      31 December 2024
                                            RMB             RMB            RMB                   RMB
                                      equivalent      equivalent     equivalent            equivalent



          20 HUATAI G3                   3,567,318             -     (3,567,318)                     -

          20 HUATAI G4                   3,058,017             -     (3,058,017)                     -

          21 HUATAI G4                  6,135,944        223,782      (222,600)               6,137,126

          21 HUATAI G6                  2,042,945         72,994        (72,600)             2,043,339

          21 HUATAI 12                  2,730,840        102,230       (102,060)              2,731,010

          21 HUATAI 14                   3,427,143        135,724      (135,660)             3,427,207

          21 HUATAI 16                   1,107,853         43,361      (43,340)               1,107,874

          22 HUATAI G1                   5,120,528             -     (5,120,528)                     -

          22 HUATAI G4                   2,015,297             -     (2,015,297)                     -

          22 HUATAI G5                  3,020,889              -     (3,020,889)                     -

          22 HUATAI G7                   1,404,717        44,576       (44,520)               1,404,773

          22 HUATAI 10                   2,002,581             -     (2,002,581)                     -

          22 HUATAI 11                    500,628          17,524       (17,450)               500,702

          23 HUATAI G1                   4,113,345             -      (4,113,345)                    -

          23 HUATAI G2                    822,900              -      (822,900)                      -

          23 HUATAI G3                  2,065,894         69,841       (69,600)              2,066,135

          23 HUATAI G4                  4,629,523         146,281      (145,350)             4,630,454

          23 HUATAI G5                   4,117,997       136,000       (135,600)              4,118,397

          23 HUATAI G6                   1,539,132        47,358        (47,100)             1,539,390

          23 HUATAI G7                   2,261,221         74,139       (73,920)             2,261,440

          23 HUATAI G8                   1,730,405             -     (1,730,405)                     -

          23 HUATAI G9                     713,520         21,560       (21,490)               713,590

          23 HUATAI 10                   2,017,583        53,243       (52,800)              2,018,026

          23 HUATAI 11                   2,518,935        72,673        (72,250)             2,519,358

          23 HUATAI 13                   1,005,417             -      (1,005,417)                    -

          23 HUATAI 14                   1,610,427         53,671      (53,600)               1,610,498

          23 HUATAI 15                   1,003,315         29,197       (28,300)              1,004,212

          23 HUATAI 16                   2,510,029        84,620       (82,500)               2,512,149

          23 HUATAI F2                   2,808,118        85,960       (85,960)               2,808,118

          23 HUATAI F4                   3,601,796        111,953      (110,880)             3,602,869

          20 HUATAI C1                  5,028,420              -     (5,028,420)                     -

          21 HUATAI C1                  9,370,679        406,805      (405,000)              9,372,484

          HUATAI B2604                  3,550,894        130,349        (71,904)             3,609,339

          HUATAI B2503                   7,123,519             -      (7,123,519)                    -

          HUATAI B2509                  3,044,890              -    (3,044,890)                      -

          HUATAI B2608                  2,876,402        201,996        (151,001)            2,927,397

          HUATAI B2611                  5,685,678        452,832      (360,562)              5,777,948

          Structured notes (1)           3,127,773        99,773               -             3,227,546

          Total                         115,012,512     2,918,442   (44,259,573)             73,671,381




360
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
As at 31 December 2023



Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date         Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                   Original currency



20 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,500,000        29/4/2020     29/4/2025         RMB3,500,000                   2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000         21/5/2020     21/5/2025        RMB3,000,000                   3.20%

21 HUATAI G1                 RMB4,000,000         20/1/2021     20/1/2024        RMB4,000,000                   3.58%

21 HUATAI G3                 RMB5,000,000         26/4/2021    26/4/2024         RMB5,000,000                   3.42%

21 HUATAI G4                 RMB6,000,000         17/5/2021     17/5/2026        RMB6,000,000                    3.71%



                                                                                                                                  About Us
21 HUATAI G5                 RMB4,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2024         RMB4,000,000                   3.28%

21 HUATAI G6                 RMB2,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2026         RMB2,000,000                   3.63%

21 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,000,000         15/6/2021     15/6/2024        RMB2,000,000                   3.40%

21 HUATAI 09                 RMB2,500,000         21/6/2021     21/6/2024        RMB2,500,000                   3.45%

21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000          7/9/2021     7/9/2024         RMB1,500,000                   3.03%

21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000          7/9/2021      7/9/2031        RMB2,700,000                   3.78%

21 HUATAI 13                  RMB2,100,000        18/10/2021   18/10/2024         RMB2,100,000                  3.25%

21 HUATAI 14                 RMB3,400,000        18/10/2021     18/10/2031       RMB3,400,000                   3.99%

21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000        25/10/2021    25/10/2024        RMB2,200,000                   3.22%




                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
21 HUATAI 16                  RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2031         RMB1,100,000                  3.94%

22 HUATAI G1                 RMB5,000,000         14/2/2022     14/2/2025        RMB5,000,000                   2.79%




                                                                                                                                and Strategies
22 HUATAI G2                 RMB2,000,000         15/8/2022     15/8/2024        RMB2,000,000                   2.43%

22 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,000,000        26/8/2022     26/8/2024         RMB3,000,000                   2.33%

22 HUATAI G4                 RMB2,000,000         5/9/2022      5/9/2025         RMB2,000,000                   2.52%

22 HUATAI G5                 RMB3,000,000         13/9/2022     13/9/2025        RMB3,000,000                   2.50%

22 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,600,000         21/11/2022    21/11/2024       RMB3,600,000                   2.87%

22 HUATAI G7                 RMB1,400,000         21/11/2022    21/11/2027       RMB1,400,000                    3.18%

22 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,500,000         5/12/2022     5/12/2024        RMB1,500,000                   2.87%

22 HUATAI 10                 RMB2,000,000        12/12/2022    12/12/2025        RMB2,000,000                   3.35%




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
22 HUATAI 11                  RMB500,000         12/12/2022    12/12/2027         RMB500,000                    3.49%

22 HUATAI 12                 RMB4,000,000        22/12/2022    22/12/2024        RMB4,000,000                   3.24%

23 HUATAI G1                 RMB4,000,000         10/1/2023     10/1/2025        RMB4,000,000                   2.92%

23 HUATAI G2                  RMB800,000          16/1/2023     16/1/2025         RMB800,000                    3.00%

23 HUATAI G3                 RMB2,000,000         16/1/2023     16/1/2028        RMB2,000,000                   3.48%

23 HUATAI G4                 RMB4,500,000         6/2/2023      6/2/2026         RMB4,500,000                   3.23%

23 HUATAI G5                 RMB4,000,000         13/2/2023     13/2/2028        RMB4,000,000                   3.39%

23 HUATAI G6                 RMB1,500,000        27/2/2023     27/2/2026         RMB1,500,000                    3.14%

23 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,200,000        27/2/2023     27/2/2028         RMB2,200,000                   3.36%

23 HUATAI G8                  RMB1,700,000       10/5/2023      10/7/2025         RMB1,700,000                  2.82%

23 HUATAI G9                  RMB700,000         10/5/2023     10/5/2028          RMB700,000                    3.07%




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
23 HUATAI 10                 RMB2,000,000        24/8/2023     24/8/2026         RMB2,000,000                   2.64%

23 HUATAI 11                 RMB2,500,000        21/9/2023      21/9/2026        RMB2,500,000                   2.89%

23 HUATAI 13                 RMB1,000,000        16/10/2023    16/10/2025        RMB1,000,000                   2.80%

23 HUATAI 14                 RMB1,600,000        16/10/2023    16/10/2033        RMB1,600,000                   3.35%




                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
23 HUATAI 15                 RMB1,000,000         6/11/2023     6/8/2026         RMB1,000,000                   2.83%

23 HUATAI 16                 RMB2,500,000         6/11/2023     6/11/2033        RMB2,500,000                   3.30%

23 HUATAI F2                 RMB2,800,000        27/11/2023    27/11/2026        RMB2,800,000                   3.07%

23 HUATAI F4                 RMB3,600,000        15/12/2023    15/12/2026        RMB3,600,000                   3.08%

20 HUATAI C1                 RMB5,000,000        13/11/2020     13/11/2025       RMB5,000,000                   4.48%

21 HUATAI C1                 RMB9,000,000         29/1/2021    29/1/2026         RMB9,000,000                   4.50%

HUATAI B2404                  USD900,000           9/4/2021     9/4/2024          USD900,000                     1.30%

HUATAI B2604                  USD500,000           9/4/2021     9/4/2026          USD500,000                    2.00%

HUATAI B2503                 USD1,000,000         3/3/2022      3/3/2025         USD1,000,000                   2.38%

HUATAI B2509                 CNH3,025,000        14/9/2022     14/9/2025         CNH3,025,000                   2.85%

HUATAI B2608                  USD400,000          9/8/2023      9/8/2026          USD400,000                    5.25%

HUATAI B2611                  USD800,000         29/11/2023    29/11/2026         USD800,000             SOFR + 0.90%

Structured notes (1)         RMB3,030,000           Note (1)      Note (1)       RMB3,030,000                 Note (1)




                                                                                                                         361
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Book value as at                                            Book value as at 31
          Name                    1 January 2023           Increase           Decrease          December 2023
                                  RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent



          20 HUATAI G3                  3,566,652             102,166           (101,500)               3,567,318

          20 HUATAI G4                   3,057,447            96,570            (96,000)                3,058,017

          21 HUATAI G1                   4,134,487                  -         (4,134,487)                       -

          21 HUATAI G3                    5,114,197                 -          (5,114,197)                      -

          21 HUATAI G4                   6,134,805           223,739           (222,600)                6,135,944

          21 HUATAI G5                   4,077,517                  -         (4,077,517)                       -

          21 HUATAI G6                  2,042,565             72,980            (72,600)               2,042,945

          21 HUATAI G7                   2,036,063                  -        (2,036,063)                        -

          21 HUATAI 09                  2,544,308                   -        (2,544,308)                        -

          21 HUATAI 11                    1,513,806                 -         (1,513,806)                       -

          21 HUATAI 12                   2,730,676            102,224          (102,060)               2,730,840

          21 HUATAI 13                    2,113,678                 -          (2,113,678)                      -

          21 HUATAI 14                   3,427,081            135,722          (135,660)                3,427,143

          21 HUATAI 15                   2,212,859                  -         (2,212,859)                       -

          21 HUATAI 16                    1,107,833           43,360            (43,340)                 1,107,853

          22 HUATAI G1                    5,118,848            141,180         (139,500)                5,120,528

          22 HUATAI G2                   2,017,070                  -         (2,017,070)                       -

          22 HUATAI G3                    3,022,110                 -          (3,022,110)                      -

          22 HUATAI G4                   2,014,753            50,944            (50,400)                2,015,297

          22 HUATAI G5                    3,019,971            75,918           (75,000)               3,020,889

          22 HUATAI G6                   3,610,774                  -         (3,610,774)                       -

          22 HUATAI G7                   1,404,662            44,575            (44,520)                 1,404,717

          22 HUATAI G8                   1,502,007                  -         (1,502,007)                       -

          22 HUATAI 10                   2,002,083            67,498            (67,000)                2,002,581

          22 HUATAI 11                    500,556              17,522            (17,450)                500,628

          22 HUATAI 12                   3,999,798                  -        (3,999,798)                        -

          23 HUATAI G1                           -           4,113,345                  -                4,113,345

          23 HUATAI G2                           -           822,900                    -                822,900

          23 HUATAI G3                           -          2,065,894                   -              2,065,894

          23 HUATAI G4                           -          4,629,523                   -              4,629,523

          23 HUATAI G5                           -           4,117,997                  -                4,117,997

          23 HUATAI G6                           -           1,539,132                  -                1,539,132

          23 HUATAI G7                           -           2,261,221                  -                2,261,221

          23 HUATAI G8                           -          1,730,405                   -               1,730,405

          23 HUATAI G9                           -            713,520                   -                 713,520

          23 HUATAI 10                           -          2,017,583                   -               2,017,583

          23 HUATAI 11                           -          2,518,935                   -               2,518,935

          23 HUATAI 13                           -           1,005,417                  -                1,005,417

          23 HUATAI 14                           -           1,610,427                  -                1,610,427

          23 HUATAI 15                           -           1,003,315                  -                1,003,315

          23 HUATAI 16                           -          2,510,029                   -               2,510,029

          23 HUATAI F2                           -           2,808,118                  -               2,808,118

          23 HUATAI F4                           -          3,601,796                   -               3,601,796

          20 HUATAI C1                   5,027,690           224,730           (224,000)               5,028,420

          21 HUATAI C1                   9,368,951           406,728           (405,000)               9,370,679

          HUATAI B2404                    6,280,411                 -         (6,280,411)                       -

          HUATAI B2604                   3,491,943            129,778            (70,827)              3,550,894

          HUATAI B2503                   7,000,146            291,941          (168,568)                 7,123,519

          HUATAI B2509                   3,041,406            89,697             (86,213)              3,044,890

          HUATAI B2608                           -          2,876,402                   -              2,876,402

          HUATAI B2611                           -          5,685,678                   -              5,685,678

          Structured notes (1)            2,119,436          1,359,181         (350,844)                3,127,773

          Total                        110,356,589         51,308,090        (46,652,167)              115,012,512




362
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(1) The Company has not issued long-term structured notes for the year ended 31 December 2024 (for the year ended 31
December 2023: 2 tranches). As at 31 December 2024, no long-term structured note due within one year is classified as
"Long-term bonds due within one year" (as at 31 December 2023: 2 tranches) (Note 52).



54 Long-term bank loans

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                   As at 31 December


                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                                                                    2024                         2023



Unsecured bank loans                                                                    -                      647,052

Less: credit bank loans due within one year                                             -                            -

Total                                                                                   -                      647,052




(b) Analysed by maturity:


                                                                                   As at 31 December                           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                and Strategies
                                                                                    2024                         2023



Maturity within five years                                                              -                      647,052




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                         363
364



      55 Share capital, reserves and retained profits
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) Movements in components of equity

      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group's consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details
      of the changes in the Company's individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:



                                                                                                                                           Reserves
                                                                 Other equity                                                                                Fair value   Translation
                                         Note   Share capital    instruments    Treasury shares     Capital reserve    Surplus reserve   General reserve       reserve       reserve     Retained profits        Total



      As at 1 January 2024                          9,074,663      25,700,000         (1,064,173)        67,999,460          8,838,000        17,889,908        35,605          18,981        26,560,769    155,053,213

      Changes in equity for 2024



      Profit for the year                                   -               -                  -                  -                  -                  -             -             -           8,890,757    8,890,757

      Other comprehensive income                            -               -                  -                  -                  -                  -      372,834              -                   -      372,834

      Total comprehensive income                            -               -                  -                  -                  -                  -      372,834              -           8,890,757     9,263,591



      Issue of perpetual subordinated
                                                            -       2,600,000                  -            (2,698)                  -                  -             -             -                   -    2,597,302
        bonds
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                            -               -            112,478             31,852                  -                  -             -             -                   -      144,330
        payments
      Acquisition of treasury shares                  (47,361)              -            851,150          (803,789)                  -                  -             -             -                   -            -

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                      -               -                  -                  -            889,076                  -             -             -          (889,076)             -

      Appropriation to general reserve                      -               -                  -                  -                  -          1,779,050             -             -         (1,779,050)            -
      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                            -               -                  -                  -                  -                  -             -             -         (5,236,731)   (5,236,731)
        shareholders for the year
      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                            -               -                  -                  -                  -                  -             -             -           (935,130)    (935,130)
        subordinated bonds
      Others                                                -               -                  -               (117)              (14)                (29)            -             -               (100)        (260)

      As at 31 December 2024             64         9,027,302      28,300,000         (100,545)          67,224,708          9,727,062        19,668,929       408,439          18,981         26,611,439   160,886,315
                                                                                                                                             Reserves
                                                                Other equity                                                                                                         Translation
                                         Note   Share capital   instruments      Treasury shares     Capital reserve    Surplus reserve    General reserve    Fair value reserve        reserve     Retained profits         Total



      As at 1 January 2023                          9,075,589      19,200,000          (1,202,324)        68,927,383          7,790,909          15,795,052               28,164           18,981         24,000,453    143,634,207

      Adjustments                                           -              -                    -                  -                419                 839                    -               -               2,937          4,195

      As at 1 January 2023                          9,075,589      19,200,000          (1,202,324)        68,927,383           7,791,328         15,795,891               28,164           18,981         24,003,390    143,638,402

      Changes in equity for 2023



      Profit for the year                                   -              -                    -                  -                  -                   -                    -               -           10,466,721    10,466,721

      Other comprehensive income                            -              -                    -                  -                  -                   -                 7,441              -                   -          7,441

      Total comprehensive income                            -              -                    -                  -                  -                   -                 7,441              -           10,466,721    10,474,162



      Issue of perpetual subordinated
                                                            -      6,500,000                    -             (7,148)                 -                   -                    -               -                   -     6,492,852
        bonds
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                            -              -               130,514            72,582                  -                   -                    -               -                   -       203,096
      payments
      Appropriation to surplus reserve                      -              -                    -                  -           1,046,672                  -                    -               -          (1,046,672)            -

      Appropriation to general reserve                      -              -                    -                  -                  -           2,094,017                    -               -          (2,094,017)            -
      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                            -              -                    -                  -                  -                   -                    -               -         (4,063,223)    (4,063,223)
        shareholders for the year
      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                            -              -                    -                  -                  -                   -                    -               -           (705,430)     (705,430)
        subordinated bonds

      Others                                            (926)              -                7,637          (993,357)                  -                   -                    -               -                   -     (986,646)

      As at 31 December 2023             64         9,074,663     25,700,000           (1,064,173)        67,999,460          8,838,000          17,889,908               35,605           18,981         26,560,769    155,053,213




365
                                     Financial Report and                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                                About Us                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                   Documents for Inspection                                                                      and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Share capital

          All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The Company's number
          of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:



                                                       As at 31 December 2024                          As at 31 December 2023

                                                        Number                                          Number
                                                       of shares                Nominal value          of shares                Nominal value

                                                     (Thousand)                                      (Thousand)



          Registered, issued and fully paid:

            A shares of RMB1 each                      7,308,256                     7,308,256          7,355,617                     7,355,617

            H shares of RMB1 each                       1,719,046                     1,719,046          1,719,046                    1,719,046

          Total                                        9,027,302                     9,027,302          9,074,663                    9,074,663




          On 1 June 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering of 1,400,000,000 H shares on the Main Board of the Hong
          Kong Stock Exchange. On 19 June 2015, the Company partially exercised the over-allotment option and issued 162,768,800 H
          shares.

          According to the relevant requirements of PRC regulators, existing shareholders of the state-owned shares of the Company
          have transferred an aggregate number of 156,276,880 state-owned shares of the Company to the National Social Security
          Fund of the PRC, and such shares were then converted into H shares on a one-for-one basis.

          In July 2018, the Company completed private placement of issuance of 1,088,731,200 new A shares.

          On 20 June 2019, the Company completed its issuance of 75,013,636 GDRs, representing 750,136,360 underlying A shares,
          and listed on the London Stock Exchange. On 27 June 2019, the Company exercised the over-allotment option and issued
          additional 7,501,364 GDRs, representing 75,013,640 underlying A shares. In total, the Company has issued 82,515,000 GDRs,
          representing 825,150,000 new A shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each. The total paid-up share capital of the Company
          after the change was RMB9,076,650,000.

          In 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares, after which the
          Company's registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,075,589,027 shares
          of RMB1 each.

          In 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A Share, after which the Company's
          registered capital was RMB9,074,663,335 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,074,663,335 shares of RMB1 each.

          In January 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 45,278,495 A-share shares stored in the
          Company's special securities account, after which the Company's registered capital was RMB 9,029,384,840 and the total
          share capital of the Company was 9,029,384,840 shares of RMB1 each.

          In September 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 2,082,559 restricted A Share, after which
          the Company's registered capital was RMB 9,027,302,281 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,027,302,281
          shares of RMB1 each.

          The H shares and GDRs representing A shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing A shares including the right to
          receive all dividends and distributions declared or made.




366
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(c) Other equity instruments


                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                               2024                                 2023



Perpetual subordinated bonds                                                              28,300,000                            25,700,000




As approved by the CSRC, the Company issued nine batches of perpetual subordinated bonds ("21 Huatai Y1", "21 Huatai Y2",


                                                                                                                                                      About Us
"21 Huatai Y3", "22 Huatai Y1", "22 Huatai Y2", "22 Huatai Y3","23 Huatai Y1","23 Huatai Y2" and "24 Huatai Y1") with an initial interest
rate of 3.85%, 4.00%, 3.80%, 3.49%, 3.59%, 3.20%, 3.46%, 3.58% and 2.39% on 15 September 2021, 26 October 2021, 16 November
2021, 26 January 2022, 11 July 2022, 21 October 2022, 8 September 2023, 20 October 2023 and 26 November 2024, respectively.
The perpetual subordinated bonds have no fixed maturity dates and the Company has an option to redeem the bonds at
principal amounts plus any accrued interest on the fifth interest payment date or any interest payment date afterwards.

The interest rate for perpetual subordinated bonds is fixed in the first 5 years and will be repriced every 5 years. The repriced
interest rate is determined as the sum of the current base rate and the initial spread plus 200 or 300bp. The current base
rate is defined as the average yield of 5 years treasury from the interbank fixed rate bond yield curve published on China
Bond webpage 5 working days before the adjustment.



                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
The issuer has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest payments, so that at each
interest payment date, the issuer may choose to defer the interest payment to the next payment date for the current



                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
period as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred, without being subject to any limitation with respect to
the number of deferrals. Mandatory interest payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary equity holders
and reductions of registered capital.

.As the Company declared dividend distribution to ordinary equity holders during the 2023 annual general meeting held
on 20 June 2024, the Company has recognised interest payable to the perpetual subordinated bonds amounted to RMB
935,130 thousand.

The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified as equity instruments and presented under equity




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
in the Group's statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                             367
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (d) Treasury shares


                                               As at 1 January            Increase for            Decrease for        As at 31 December
                                                          2024                the year                the year                     2024



          Share repurchase                             835,802                       -               (835,802)                        -
          Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
            of A Shares                                 228,371                      -                (127,826)                 100,545
          Total                                       1,064,173                      -               (963,628)                  100,545




          On 24 November 2023, the Company held 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting, 2023 Third A Share Class Meeting
          and 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting, where the resolution on "The Company's Cancellation of Repurchased A shares
          and Reduction of Registered Capital" was considered and approved. It was agreed that the Company would cancel the
          remaining repurchased A shares totaling 45,278,495 shares and accordingly reduce the registered capital. On 10 January
          2024, the Company completed the cancellation of the repurchased A shares, reducing the share capital and registered
          capital by RMB45.28 million, reducing the capital reserve by RMB790.52 million, and reducing the treasury shares by
          RMB835.80 million.

          On 12 April 2024, the Board and the Supervisory Committee of the Company respectively considered and approved the
          Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company. Based on the achievement
          of performance conditions at the company level and individual level, the total number of restricted shares that could be
          unlocked this time was 13,269,954 shares, which became floating shares not subject to selling restrictions on 16 May 2024,
          and shares subject to selling restrictions was reduced to 16,008,438 Shares in total. According to the Restricted Share
          Incentive Scheme of A Shares Plan, the share repurchase's obligation was reduced accordingly by RMB103.51 million.

          On 20 June 2024, pursuant to the decision of the 2023 Annual General Meeting, the annual profit distribution was carried out
          in the form of cash dividends. A cash dividend of RMB4.30 (tax included) per 10 shares was distributed to the shareholders.
          The company's cash dividends for the 2023 fiscal year were paid on August 16, 2024. In accordance with the rules of
          the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, the share repurchase obligation was reduced by RMB6.88 million
          accordingly.

          On 20 June 2024, the 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., the First A share
          Shareholders' Meeting in 2024 and the First H share Shareholders' Meeting in 2024 reviewed and approved the "Proposal on
          the Company's Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of A share Restricted Shares". A total of 2,082,559 A share restricted
          stocks that had been granted but not yet released from the restricted sale status by 175 incentive targets were repurchased
          and cancelled. The repurchase price was RMB7.37 per share, and the obligation for stock repurchase was correspondingly
          reduced by RMB15.35 million.

          On 30 August 2024, according to the resolution of the 12th meeting of the 6th session of the Board of Directors, the
          Company's interim profit distribution in 2024 was carried out in the form of cash dividends, with a cash dividend of RMB0.15
          per share (tax included) distributed. The Company's interim cash dividends in 2024 were paid on October 25, 2024.
          According to the rules of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, the obligation for this stock repurchase was
          correspondingly reduced by RMB2.09 million.




368
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(e) Capital reserve

Capital reserve mainly includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices in excess of face value
and the difference between the considerations of acquisition of equity interests from non-controlling shareholders and the
carrying amount of the proportionate net assets.


(f) Surplus reserve

Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit to the statutory
surplus reserve until the balance reaches 50% of its registered capital.

Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory reserve may be used to offset accumulated losses, or converted

                                                                                                                                            About Us
into capital of provided that the balance of the statutory surplus reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the
registered capital immediately before the capitalisation.


(g) General reserve

General reserve includes general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007, the Company appropriates 10% of its annual net profit to
the general risk reserve.


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007 and in compliance with the Securities Law, for the purpose


                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
of covering securities trading losses, the Company appropriates 10% from its annual net profit to the transaction risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC No. 94 Provisional Measures on Supervision and Administration of Risk
Provision of Public Offering of Securities Investment Funds, the Company appropriates 2.5% from its fund custody fee
income to the general risk reserve.

The Company's subsidiaries appropriate their profits to the general reserve according to the applicable local regulations.


(h) Fair value reserve




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The fair value reserve comprises:

- The cumulative net changes in the fair value of equity securities designated at FVOCI; and

- The cumulative net changes in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI until the assets are derecognised or reclassified. This
amount is adjusted by the amount of loss allowance.


(i) Cash flow hedges reserve

The cash flow hedges reserve comprises the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument.


(j) Translation reserve



                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
The translation reserve mainly comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign operations.




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
(k) Dividends

Pursuant to the resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders dated 20 June 2024, the Company was approved to
distribute cash dividends of RMB4.30 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to the shareholders based on 9,029,384,840 shares, with
total cash dividends amounting to RMB3,883 million(tax inclusive). The cash dividends of the Company were paid on 16
August 2024.

Approved at the 12th meeting of the sixth session of the board of directors on 30 August 2024, the Company resolved to
distribute an interim cash dividend for 2024. Based on the total share capital of 9,027,302,281 shares outstanding prior to the
implementation of the plan, a cash dividend of RMB 0.15 per share (tax inclusive) will be distributed, amounting to a total
cash distribution of RMB1,354 million (tax inclusive). The interim cash dividends of the Company were paid on 25 October
2024.




                                                                                                                                   369
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          56 Commitments

          (a) Capital commitments

          Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 not provided for in the consolidated
          financial statements were as follows:



                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                         2024                                       2023



          Contracted, but not provided for                                            7,174,588                                  7,156,300




          The aforementioned capital commitments mainly represent securities underwriting commitments, subscribed capital
          contributions to funds, construction of properties and purchase of equipment of the Group.



          57 Interests in structured entities

          (a) Interests in structured entities consolidated by the Group

          Structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly stand for the asset management schemes where the Group involves
          as manager and / or as investor. The Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds together with its
          remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the asset management schemes to a level of
          such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal.

          As at 31 December 2024, the Group consolidates 55 structured entities (as at 31 December 2023: 59 structured entities),
          which are mainly asset management schemes. As at 31 December 2024, the total assets of the consolidated structured
          entities are RMB 35,723 million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB94,908 million), and the carrying amount of interests held by
          the Group in the consolidated structured entities are RMB 32,309 million (as at 31 December 2023: RMB86,408 million). For
          the year ended 31 December 2024 and year ended 31 December 2023, the Group did not provide financial support to these
          structured entities.


          (b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated

          Structured entities for which the Group served as general partner or manager, therefore has power over them during the
          reporting periods are asset management schemes. Except for the structured entities that the Group has consolidated as
          set out in Note 57(a), the Group's exposure to the variable returns in the remaining structured entities in which the Group
          has interests is not significant. Besides, the Group did not provide financial support to these structured entities. The Group
          therefore did not consolidate these structured entities.

          As at 31 December 2024, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities managed by the Group amounted to
          RMB 621,057 million(as at 31 December 2023: RMB530,502 million). As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of interests
          held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are RMB 6,252 million(as at 31 December 2023: RMB7,101
          million).

          During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group's profit or loss from these unconsolidated structured entities including
          asset management fee and commission income and net investment losses, amounted to a total gain of RMB 513 million
          (during the year ended 31 December 2023: asset management fee and commission income and net investment gains
          amounted to a total gain of RMB1,576 million)


          (c) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

          The types of structured entities sponsored by third party institutions that the Group does not consolidate but in which it
          holds interests include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued
          by banks or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
          managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.




370
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
The carrying amount of the related accounts in the consolidated statements of financial position is equal to the maximum
exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, which are listed as below:



                                                                                  As at 31 December 2024

                                                                    Financial assets at FVTPL                                 Total



Funds                                                                              60,952,406                            60,952,406

Wealth management products                                                          7,300,893                              7,300,893




                                                                                                                                                 About Us
Debt securities                                                                       383,852                               383,852

Total                                                                               68,637,151                            68,637,151




                                                                                    As at 31 December 2023

                                                                     Financial assets at FVTPL                                 Total



Funds                                                                               60,597,720                            60,597,720

Wealth management products                                                          22,714,060                             22,714,060



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Debt securities                                                                       460,035                               460,035

Total                                                                                83,771,815                            83,771,815




                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
58 Outstanding litigations

From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to claims and are parties to legal and regulatory
proceedings. As at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, based on the court rulings and advices from legal
representatives and management judgement, provision had been made to the claim amounts for the major legal action
as listed below.




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
During the year of 2020, the Group's subsidiary Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. received the Notice of Legal Action and
relevant litigation materials sent by Shanghai Financial Court. The plaintiff, Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd., failed to
fully cash its investment in "Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Securities", sued to the Court to require the manager (the
first defendant), the legal adviser (the second defendant), the rating agency (the third defendant), the issuer (the fourth
defendant) and Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., the financial adviser (the fifth defendant), to bear joint and several liability
for the compensation for the plaintiff's investment loss of RMB527 million and relevant interest. The Shanghai Financial
Court made the judgment of the first instance on 14 April 2023 that Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. shall bear joint and
several liability. Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. submitted an application for appeal, the second-instance trial officially
commenced on 26 December 2024, but no verdict has been rendered as of the approval and issuance date of the financial
statements. According to the opinion of the legal representative and the judgment of the management, the Group has




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
accrued provision amounting to RMB 675 million for the claim amount.

During the year of 2024, Zhejiang Securities Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. filed a tort
liability dispute lawsuit against Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. and the manager, alleging that the defendants' improper




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
performance of duties resulted in substantial losses. The plaintiffs claim joint and several liability for compensation of
investment principal and interest totaling RMB 142 million. The case is currently under trial. According to the opinion of the
legal representative and the judgment of the management, the Group has accrued provision amounting to RMB 71 million
for the claim amount.

As of December 31, 2024, except for the aforementioned cases, the Group is not involved in any other legal proceedings or
arbitrations for which an unfavorable judgment, ruling, or decision, if rendered, would reasonably be expected to result in a
material adverse effect on the Group’s financial position or operating results.




                                                                                                                                        371
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          59 Related party relationships and transactions

          (a) Relationship of related parties

          (i) Major shareholders


                                                       Place of               Registered                     Percentage of         Voting
          Name of the shareholders                  registration            share capital                equity interest (%)    rights (%)


          Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group
                                                         Nanjing             RMB50 billion                              15.21         15.21
             Limited
          Jiangsu Communications Holdings
                                                         Nanjing            RMB16.8 billion                             5.42          5.42
             Co., Ltd.




          The detailed information of the transactions and balances with Group's major shareholders and their subsidiaries is set out
          in Note 59(b)(i).

          (ii) Subsidiaries of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's subsidiaries is set out in Note 24.

          (iii) Associates of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's associates is set out in Note 25.

          (iv) Joint ventures of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's joint ventures is set out in Note 26.

          (v) Other related parties

          Other related parties are individuals which include: members of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior
          management, and close family members of such individuals.


          (b) Related parties transactions and balances

          Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following related party
          transactions and balances:

          (i) Transactions and balances between the Group and major shareholders and their subsidiaries:



                                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                               2024                                  2023



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Right-of-use assets                                                                     142                                    -

          Other receivables and prepayments                                                        43                                   43

          Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                 -                               138,331

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                               327,636                               14,389

          Other payables and accruals                                                            3,211                                3,211




372
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                              2024                                      2023



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                     9,064                                    20,769

Net investment gains                                                            703                                      2,162

Operating expense                                                            (3,237)                                    (199)




                                                                                                                                           About Us
During the year of 2024, the Group has not subscribed the bonds issued by major shareholders (during the year of 2023:
RMB138 million) .

During the year of 2024, the Group has redeemed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB91
million(during the year of 2023: RMB53 million).

During the year of 2024, the Group has paid rental fee to major shareholders and their subsidiaries for the total amounts of
RMB0.18 million(During the year of 2023: nil).

(ii) Transactions and balances between the Group and associates:



                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                                                                              2024                                      2023



Balances at the end of the year:



Cash and bank balances                                                     1,240,337                                 1,244,329

Right-of-use assets                                                          66,870                                    17,489

Accounts receivable                                                          109,501                                    111,881




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Other receivables and prepayments                                             3,204                                     2,828

Financial assets at FVTPL                                                    30,559                                    50,510

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                        77,858                                    96,223

Other payables and accruals                                                     378                                      1,893

Placements from other financial institutions                                      -                                  1,000,383

Lease liabilities                                                            68,342                                    19,078




                                                                          Year ended 31 December

                                                                              2024                                      2023




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                   244,139                                    311,402




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Fee and commission expenses                                                   (777)                                     (682)

Other income and gains                                                        3,233                                     2,600

Operating expense                                                             (546)                                   (2,302)

Interest income                                                              34,704                                    23,979

Interest expenses                                                           (12,413)                                  (17,544)

Net investment losses                                                          3,491                                     7,710




                                                                                                                                  373
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the year of 2024, the Group has subscribed the corporate bond issued by associates for the total amounts of RMB31
          million (during the year of 2023: RMB51 million).

          During the year of 2024, the associates have subscribed the non-public corporate bonds issued by the Group for RMB51
          million (during the year of 2023: nil).

          During the year of 2024, the capital injection made by the Group into the associates are RMB 211 million (during the year of
          2023: RMB1,438 million).

          During the year of 2024, the divestment made by the Group from the associates are RMB50 million (during the year of 2023:
          RMB177 million).

          During the year of 2024, the Group has made repurchase agreements with associates for the total amount of RMB81,389
          million (during the year of 2023: RMB89,406 million).

          During the year of 2024 , the Group has taken placements from other financial institutions with associates for the total
          amount of RMB20,500 million (during the year of 2023: RMB89,320 million).

          During the year of 2024, the Group has received dividends from associates for the total amounts of RMB 1,038 million (during
          the year of 2023: RMB1,634 million).

          During the year of 2024, the Group has paid rental fee to associates for the total amounts of RMB 31 million (during the year
          of 2023: RMB40 million).

          (iii) Transactions and balances between the Group and joint ventures:



                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                          2024                                     2023



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Accounts receivable                                                             8,168                                        -

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                          70,950                                    2,885




                                                                                      Year ended 31 December

                                                                                          2024                                     2023



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                       15,772                                   8,525




          During the year of 2024, the capital injection made by the Group into the joint ventures are RMB75 million (during the year of
          2023: RMB182 million). During the year of 2024, the divestment made by the Group from the joint ventures are RMB 34 million
          (during the year of 2023: RMB171 million).

          During the year of 2024, the Group has not received dividends from joint venture (during the year of 2023: RMB22million).




374
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(iv) Transactions and balances between the Group and other related parties:



                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                               2024                                      2023



Balances at the end of the year:



Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                            939                                     5,002




                                                                           Year ended 31 December                                         About Us
                                                                               2024                                      2023



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                        154                                        77




                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
(c) Key management personnel remuneration



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the pre-tax remuneration of current year accrued and paid to key management
personnel of the Company amounted to RMB18.69 million, the total compensation packages of the key management
personnel for the fiscal year 2024 have not been finalised and will be further disclosed when they are confirmed (the
total finalised compensation packages of the key management personnel for the fiscal year 2023 amounted to RMB48.67
million). This amount includes those payable to the Company's directors and supervisors as disclosed in Note 16. For the
year ended 31 December 2024, the post-employment benefits of the key management personnel amounted to RMB2.71
million (for the year ended 31 December 2023: RMB2.61 million).




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
(d) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

The related party transactions set out in Note 59(b) which constitute connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are exempt from the disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold under Rule 14A.76(1) and 14A.93.



60 Segment reporting

Management manages the business operations by the following segments in accordance with the nature of the operations
and the services provided, and the performance measure of business segments utilised by the Group is profit before
income tax:




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
- The wealth management segment engages in the trading of stocks, funds, bonds and futures on behalf of clients, to
provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and asset allocation services. Moreover, the activities
of providing margin financing, securities lending, securities-backed lendings and sell financial products are included in this




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
segment.

- The institutional services segment mainly provides investment banking business to clients, research and institutional
sales, equity securities investments and transactions, fixed income investments and transactions, OTC financial products
and transactions.

- The investment management segment mainly consists of asset management, private equity investment, alternative
investments and commodities trading and arbitrage.

- The international business segment mainly includes the overseas business of overseas subsidiaries.

- Other segments include other operations of head office, mainly including interest income, share of profit of associates
and joint ventures, interest expenses of working capitals, and costs and expenses of middle offices and back offices.




                                                                                                                                 375
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (a) Business segments

          For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                   Wealth       Institutional    Investment      International
                                              management            services    management           business          Others             Total



          Revenue

            - External                           19,091,303        8,254,568        2,444,882       14,038,765       1,491,570       45,321,088

            - Inter-segment                           1,938                 -               -                -         744,617          746,555

          Other income and gains                  4,715,500         (85,012)          214,965        4,154,850         33,309         9,033,612

          Segment revenue and other
                                                 23,808,741        8,169,556        2,659,847        18,193,615     2,269,496        55,101,255
            income

          Segment expenses                      (17,586,912)      (7,172,421)      (1,530,117)     (11,260,104)   (4,569,796)       (42,119,350)

          Segment operating profit / (loss)       6,221,829          997,135         1,129,730        6,933,511    (2,300,300)       12,981,905

          Share of profit of associates and
            joint ventures                                -                25      (767,099)             8,641        3,112,386       2,353,953

          Profit before income tax                6,221,829          997,160          362,631        6,942,152         812,086       15,335,858



          Interest income                         9,364,162        1,378,940          125,641        1,629,306       1,368,675       13,866,724

          Interest expenses                     (2,981,624)      (3,254,880)        (460,188)       (3,125,104)    (1,367,324)       (11,189,120)

          Depreciation and amortisation
                                                 (542,946)         (188,263)         (71,322)        (403,144)       (602,981)      (1,808,656)
           expenses

          Net reversal of / (provision for)
           impairment loss on financial           (194,720)             5,011         (1,503)        (38,485)         (16,572)       (246,269)
           assets



          Segment assets                        327,720,741       241,651,881      42,330,013      140,070,224     165,201,418      916,974,277

          Additions to non-current segment
                                                     151,125          222,101          21,756         257,846        1,035,017        1,687,845
           assets during the year

          Segment liabilities                 (322,892,047)    (237,296,888)      (18,742,412)    (117,355,571)   (28,793,438)    (725,080,356)




376
                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024
For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                         Wealth       Institutional     Investment      International
                                    management            services     management           business          Others              Total



Revenue

  - External                            19,338,998       10,618,400        3,040,257       10,405,808         1,823,151      45,226,614

  - Inter-segment                             539                 -                                  -       1,778,984         1,779,523

Other income and gains                  3,985,258         (69,048)           318,566        2,535,500         342,500           7,112,776

Segment revenue and other


                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                        23,324,795       10,549,352        3,358,823        12,941,308      3,944,635         54,118,913
  income

Segment expenses                      (16,634,272)      (7,907,900)       (1,589,098)     (10,648,760)    (4,697,057)       (41,477,087)

Segment operating profit / (loss)       6,690,523         2,641,452         1,769,725       2,292,548       (752,422)         12,641,826

Share of profit of associates and
  joint ventures                                 -             (58)           30,034           (21,713)      2,576,521        2,584,784

Profit before income tax                6,690,523         2,641,394         1,799,759       2,270,835       1,824,099         15,226,610



Interest income                          10,574,301        1,265,381          162,001        1,242,067       1,700,094       14,943,844

Interest expenses                      (4,349,186)      (3,554,129)         (503,181)      (3,787,857)     (1,828,237)     (14,022,590)




                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
Depreciation and amortisation
                                        (546,262)          (201,901)        (85,673)        (457,062)       (598,367)       (1,889,265)
 expenses

Net reversal of / (provision for)




                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
 impairment loss on financial              485,571          (9,051)             (110)        (44,423)         (21,041)          410,946
 assets



Segment assets                        285,438,957      351,844,346        28,552,772       185,801,651     185,514,044      1,037,151,770

Additions to non-current segment
                                           183,050           117,929            1,823         379,242        889,528           1,571,572
 assets during the year

Segment liabilities                  (280,739,909)     (347,319,611)      (5,705,664)    (166,977,124)    (54,192,030)    (854,934,338)




                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                            377
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Reconciliations of segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities:



                                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                2024                         2023



          Revenue

          Total revenue, gains and other income for segments                                55,101,255                   54,118,913

          Elimination of inter-segment revenue                                               (815,772)                 (1,858,492)

          Consolidated revenue, gains and other income                                     54,285,483                   52,260,421



          Profit

          Total profit before income tax for segments                                       15,335,858                   15,226,610

          Elimination of inter-segment profit                                                   16,482                  (1,021,946)

          Consolidated profit before income tax                                             15,352,340                  14,204,664




                                                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                                                2024                         2023



          Assets

          Total assets for segments                                                        916,974,277                 1,037,151,770

          Elimination of inter-segment assets                                            (102,703,783)                (131,643,381)

          Consolidated total assets                                                        814,270,494                905,508,389



          Liabilities

          Total liabilities for segments                                                 (725,080,356)               (854,934,338)

          Elimination of inter-segment liabilities                                         102,703,783                  131,643,381

          Consolidated total liabilities                                                 (622,376,573)               (723,290,957)




          For the year ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Group's customer base is diversified and no customer
          had transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group's revenue.




378
      (b) Geographical informatio

      The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group's revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group's property and equipment, investment
      properties, goodwill, land-use rights and other intangible assets, interest in associates, interest in joint ventures and other non-current assets ("specified non-current assets"). The
      geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical
      location of the asset, in the case of property and equipment and other non-current assets, the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of goodwill, land-use
      rights and other intangible assets, and the location of operations, in the case of interest in associates and interest in joint ventures.



                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2024                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023

                                                    Mainland China                      Overseas                   Total             Mainland China                       Overseas         Total



      Revenue from external customers                     31,282,323                    14,038,765             45,321,088                 34,820,806                      10,405,808   45,226,614

      Other income and gains                              4,809,545                     4,154,850              8,964,395                   4,498,307                      2,535,500     7,033,807

      Total                                              36,091,868                     18,193,615            54,285,483                    39,319,113                    12,941,308   52,260,421




                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2024                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023

                                                    Mainland China                      Overseas                   Total             Mainland China                       Overseas         Total



      Specified non-current assets                       30,727,297                       718,465              31,445,762                  28,603,135                     10,054,267   38,657,402




379
                                       Financial Report and                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                            Corporate Governance                                                                About Us                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                      and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          61 Financial instruments and risk management

          (a) Risk management policies and structure

          (i) Risk management policies

          In order to enhance the Group's scientific, standardised and effective management and operation, strengthen the
          capability of defending against risks and ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of the Group's businesses,
          the Group had formulated the Basic System for Risk Management which had been deliberated and approved by the
          Board of Directors in accordance with the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Rules on Supervision over
          Securities Companies, the Guidelines on the Internal Control of Securities Companies, the Regulation on Comprehensive
          Risk Management of Securities Companies and other relevant regulations in combination with the business operation and
          business management. This has clarified the risk management objectives and principles, the risk appetite and risk tolerance
          level of the Group as a whole and for different risk types, the risk management procedures, and the relevant resource
          assurance and appraisal mechanisms. In terms of operation management, the Group had formulated and issued various
          professional risk management guidelines to clearly establish the management processes and measures, risk indicators
          and limits for various types of risks; in addition, the Group had also formulated policies such as the Administration Measures
          for Risk Control Indicators, the Rules on the Risk Management of Subsidiaries, the Implementation Plan for Stress Test and the
          Detailed Implementation Rules for Stress Test at the operation level. In the specific business level, the Group had established
          business risk management system or risk management manual based on the risk points of different business areas and
          business management lines.

          The principal types of risk faced by the Group in daily operation mainly include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk,
          operational risk, information technology risk, reputational risk, model risk, compliance risk, legal risk, money laundering risk
          and integrity risk, etc. The Group had formulated corresponding policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks,
          and set up risk indicators, risk limits and internal risk control processes in combination with the actual circumstances with a
          view to continuously manage the above risks through the support of information systems and effective mechanisms.

          Risk management is a shared responsibility of all the Group's employees. The Group continuously enhances the risk
          management awareness and risk sensitivity of all its employees through training and assessment to cultivate the risk
          management culture.

          (ii) Risk governance structure

          The risk management structure of the Company covers five major parts: The Board and its Compliance and Risk
          Management Committee, Board of Supervisors, Business Operation Management and Risk Control Committee, Risk
          Management Department and various risk management departments as well as other departments, branches and
          subsidiaries.

          The Board of Directors takes ultimate responsibilities for the Company's comprehensive risk management. The Compliance
          and Risk Management Committee is set up by the Board to review and make recommendations on the overall risk
          management targets, fundamental policies; and evaluate and make recommendations on the risks of major decisions
          which require the Board's review as well as the solutions to these major risks; and review and make recommendations
          on risk assessment reports which require the Board's review. The Board of Supervisors is responsible for the supervision
          of overall risk management, supervising and examining the Board and the management on the performance of their
          risk management duties and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorisation and approval of the Board
          and in combination with the operational targets of the Company, the management is specifically responsible for the
          implementation of risk management activities, with the Risk Control Committee established under it. The Chief Risk Officer
          of the Company is responsible for leading the overall risk management initiatives. The Risk Management Department is
          charged with comprehensive risk management duties. It reports to the management and is responsible for managing the
          overall risks of the Company, taking the lead in managing market risk, credit risk and operational risk. Relevant functional
          departments of the Company are responsible for taking the lead in managing other types of risks according to their
          responsibilities and positioning. Other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are responsible for the
          management of risks in respective lines, implementing policies, procedures and measures formulated by the Company
          and risk management departments, accepting the guidance from risk management departments and the decomposition
          of risk management and implementation responsibilities by the risk management departments. The Audit Department
          is responsible for conducting independent and objective reviews and evaluations of the comprehensiveness and
          effectiveness of the risk management, and is also in charge of leading or entrusting external professional institutions to
          regularly assess the company's comprehensive risk management system.




380
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(b) Credit risk management

Credit risk refers to the risk of loss of the Company resulting from the default of borrowers or bond issuer or counterparty
(customer). The Company has established a credit risk management system covering self-owned capital and entrusted
funding business. The system is applied to all subsidiaries domestic or overseas, and also to the sub-subsidiaries managed
with reference to the subsidiary's management approach, thereby achieving full credit risk management coverage.

The Group mainly faced three types of credit risks, namely (i) the risks of suffering from loss in respect of the financing
bills and interest lent out due to borrower's default in financing business; (ii) the risks caused by default of the issuer in
bond investment business; (iii) the risks of assets suffering from loss due to the default by the counterparty in transaction
business (including guarantee settlement business).


                                                                                                                                                         About Us
With respect to credit risk management of financing business, the Group implemented stringent control measures through
continuous monitoring for risky customers and risky assets and timely risk mitigation. The Company intensified the dynamic
counter-cyclical adjustment mechanism, established a market systemic risk monitoring and handling mechanism and
strengthened the post-credit management of related businesses, in order to control routine business risks, prevent bottom-
line risks and flexibly adjust the business structure.

With respect to credit risk management of issuers, the Company established a unified monitoring management system
for issuers to realize the unified monitoring of credit bond targets for the Company's various businesses. In the meantime,
the Company deepened the credit bonds' risk management and control in the whole process, established a screening and


                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
disposal mechanism of normalization for risky securities, and continuously to strengthen the monitoring and early warning
mechanism of bond positions, thereby enhancing the effectiveness of the Company's prevention and control capabilities



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
of credit risk.

With respect to credit risk management of counterparties, the Company constantly promoted the optimization construction
of the unified management system for counterparties, and further strengthened counterparties' credit management in
accordance with internal and external public sentiment to strictly control tail risks. For guaranteed settlement business,
the Company continued to improve the front-end control of risk indicator design and promoted the establishment of
systematic measures, as well as strengthened its risk event handling and risk transmission control capabilities.

The Company continued to optimize and improve its unified credit risk management system, in order to enhance its ability




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
to cope with the complex external credit environment and provide strong risk control guarantee for the development of
various credit businesses. During the reporting period, the Company did not experience any major credit risk events, and its
businesses operated smoothly.

The Group provided credit loss allowances for securities-backed lendings of financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements. The Group assessed the continuous repayment, solvency and the collateral to loan ratios of the borrowers to
analyse the degree of default risk and identified the three stages of credit loss allowances of the securities-backed lendings
assets. The details are as below:



                                  Description                                                       Stage of credit loss allowances




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds, with no past
                                                                                            12-month ECL                              Stage 1
 due days

Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds, with less than
  90 days past due on its contractual payments




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
                                                                                   Lifetime ECL-not credit impaired                   Stage 2
  with no past due days

Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
  with less than 90 days past due on its contractual payments

Collateral to loan ratios below 100%

Collateral to loan ratios above 100%, with more than 90 days past due on its
  contractual payments
                                                                                    Lifetime ECL- credit impaired                     Stage 3
Borrowers in default or lawsuit

Borrowers in significant financial difficulties or about to bankruptcy or
  undertaking a financial restructuring




                                                                                                                                                381
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Group set different force liquidation thresholds, normally no less than 130%, for different borrowers and assets.

          For assets classified under Stage 1 and Stage 2, the Group assessed credit loss allowances using the risk parameters
          modeling approach that incorporated key parameters inclusive of collateral to loan ratios and past due days. As at 31
          December 2024, the average credit loss rate was 0.29% assets classified under Stage 1 and no asset under Stage 2 (as at 31
          December 2023, the average credit loss rate was 0.35% assets classified under Stage 1 and no asset under Stage 2).

          For credit impaired assets classified under Stage 3, the Group assessed credit loss allowances taking into account
          the collateral securities under each contract and the financial situation of the borrower. The factors which the Group
          considered when assessing the credit loss allowances included but not limited to: the industry sector of the borrower, the
          stock price of the collateral securities, the average daily trading volume of the stock, the percentage of goodwill of the
          stock issuer, significant risk parameters of the securities, whether the borrowers are the holding shareholders, the liquidity
          and restriction on sales, the history of blacklist or defaults of the borrower, the total market pledged ratios of the stock, the
          collateral situation, and the credit enhancement measures implemented by the borrower. The Group assessed the above
          factors as well as collateral to loan ratios and past due days to evaluate and provide credit loss allowances, ranging from
          10% to 100%.

          For margin accounts receivable, the Group classified the exposures into three stages, considering the collateral coverage
          ratios as the main indicator, the concentration of positions as the supplementary index, and taking into account the
          borrowers' continuous repayment, the total balance of margin accounts, the liquidity of the collateral and other relevant
          information. The Group applied corresponding loss rates for assets at different stages, and calculates the expected credit
          loss accordingly.

          As at 31 December 2024, the average credit loss rate was 0.52%, 8.33% and 82.99% for assets classified under Stage 1, 2 and
          3, respectively (as at 31 December 2023, the average credit loss rate was 0.55%, 7.53% and 58.30% for assets classified under
          Stage 1, 2 and 3, respectively).

          For credit business, when calculating the expected credit loss, the Group identified a number of indicators from three
          dimensions: macroeconomic indicators, market environment and asset quality, taking into account forward-looking
          information that can be obtained without unnecessary additional costs or efforts. By constructing the relationship between
          these specific indicators and the loss rate, forward-looking adjustments were made to the expected credit loss of credit
          business.




382
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                   Stage 2              Stage 3
                                          Stage 1            Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
Margin accounts receivable               12m ECL    (not credit impaired)     (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2024                    560,203                  843,096               118,048     1,521,347

Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                     176,032                (175,880)                (152)            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                           -                        -                    -            -

— Transfer to Stage 3                           -                  (1,067)                 1,067           -

—(Credit)/charged to profit or loss      (96,247)                 298,057                40,890      242,700




                                                                                                                         About Us
— Other                                        15                       161                1,401        1,577

As at 31 December 2024                   640,003                  964,367                161,254   1,765,624




                                                                   Stage 2              Stage 3
Financial assets held under               Stage 1            Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL
resale agreements                        12m ECL    (not credit impaired)     (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2024                      17,974                        -              635,152      653,126




                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                           -                        -                    -            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                           -                        -                    -            -




                                                                                                                       and Strategies
— Transfer to Stage 3                           -                        -                    -            -

— Credit to profit or loss                (9,085)                        -             (27,070)     (36,155)

— Other                                        29                        -                2,009        2,038

As at 31 December 2024                      8,918                        -              610,091      619,009




                                                                   Stage 2              Stage 3
Debt instruments at fair value through    Stage 1            Lifetime ECL          Lifetime ECL




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
other comprehensive income               12m ECL    (not credit impaired)     (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2024                      39,022                        -                    -       39,022

Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                           -                        -                    -            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                           -                        -                    -            -

— Transfer to Stage 3                           -                        -                    -            -

—Credit to profit or loss                (32,659)                        -                    -     (32,659)

— Other                                     (199)                        -                    -        (199)

As at 31 December 2024                      6,164                        -                    -        6,164




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                383
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (i) Maximum exposure to credit risk

          Maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements:



                                                                                                            As at 31 December

                                                                                                              2024                               2023



          Debt instruments at amortised cost                                                              47,793,722                          50,116,812

          Refundable deposits                                                                             33,451,298                        40,544,278

          Accounts receivable                                                                             5,587,233                           9,743,761

          Other receivables                                                                                  219,195                           403,399

          Margin accounts receivable                                                                 132,546,005                             112,341,094

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                                                          10,135,553                        16,262,000
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                   15,228,401                         12,460,232

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                      173,544,758                            199,732,670

          Derivative financial assets                                                                      9,991,125                         16,259,881

          Clearing settlement funds                                                                        11,136,757                         9,129,266

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                                                   170,880,569                            137,210,295

          Bank balances                                                                                   39,521,272                         46,296,177

          Assets classified as held for sale                                                                  10,399                                  -

          Total maximum credit risk exposure                                                        650,046,287                            650,499,865




          The Group's credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognised as follows according to
          the stage of ECL:



                                                                                           As at 31 December 2024

                                                                                        Lifetime ECL-                     Lifetime ECL-
          Impairment and loss allowance                           12-month ECL    not credit impaired                   credit impaired          Total



          Bank balances                                                    351                       -                                -             351

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage
          clients                                                            15                      -                                -              15

          Margin accounts receivable                                   640,003                964,367                            161,254     1,765,624

          Financial assets held under resale
            agreements                                                    8,918                      -                           610,091       619,009

          Accounts receivable                                                -                 131,600                           48,624        180,224

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                              5,391                      -                                -           5,391

          Debt instruments at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                                     6,164                      -                                -           6,164

          Other receivables and interest
           receivable                                                      179                   61,171                         706,514        767,864

          Total                                                         661,021               1,157,138                        1,526,483     3,344,642




384
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                  As at 31 December 2023

                                                                               Lifetime ECL-               Lifetime ECL-
Impairment and loss allowance                   12-month ECL            not credit impaired             credit impaired               Total



Bank balances                                             512                              -                               -             512

Margin accounts receivable                           560,203                        843,096                           118,048       1,521,347

Financial assets held under resale
  agreements                                           17,974                              -                          635,152       653,126

Accounts receivable                                         -                         115,458                              -         115,458

Debt instruments at amortised cost                     5,499                               -                               -          5,499




                                                                                                                                                         About Us
Debt instruments at fair value through
 other comprehensive income                            39,022                              -                               -         39,022

Other receivables and interest
 receivable                                              393                          47,358                          715,714       763,465

Total                                                623,603                        1,005,912                    1,468,914        3,098,429




(ii) Risk concentrations

The Group's maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements, as



                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
categorised by geographical area:




                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                                      By geographical area

                                                         Mainland China                   Outside Mainland China                      Total



31 December 2024



Debt instruments at amortised cost                               47,557,179                                236,543               47,793,722

Refundable deposits                                              25,812,561                             7,638,737                33,451,298

Accounts receivable                                               2,984,582                             2,602,651                 5,587,233




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Other receivables                                                   188,154                                  31,041                  219,195

Margin accounts receivable                                      130,578,012                             1,967,993               132,546,005

Debt instruments at fair value through other
 comprehensive income                                              6,692,111                            3,443,442                 10,135,553

Financial assets held under resale
                                                                  9,234,426                             5,993,975                 15,228,401
  agreements

Financial assets at fair value through profit
                                                                143,564,589                            29,980,169               173,544,758
  or loss

Derivative financial assets                                        4,141,156                           5,849,969                   9,991,125

Clearing settlement funds                                        10,505,924                                630,833                11,136,757

Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                        167,622,790                             3,257,779               170,880,569

Bank balances                                                    23,703,274                            15,817,998                 39,521,272




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Assets classified as held for sale                                   10,399                                      -                   10,399

Total maximum credit risk exposure                              572,595,157                             77,451,130              650,046,287




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                385
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                   By geographical area

                                                             Mainland China           Outside Mainland China                        Total



          31 December 2023



          Debt instruments at amortised cost                      49,866,999                          249,813                    50,116,812

          Refundable deposits                                      31,882,359                        8,661,919                 40,544,278

          Accounts receivable                                       5,447,675                       4,296,086                    9,743,761

          Other receivables                                          300,952                           102,447                    403,399

          Margin accounts receivable                              109,994,638                       2,346,456                   112,341,094

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                    12,414,774                      3,847,226                   16,262,000
           comprehensive income

          Financial assets held under resale
                                                                   10,787,973                        1,672,259                  12,460,232
            agreements

          Financial assets at fair value through profit
                                                                   169,171,262                      30,561,408                 199,732,670
            or loss

          Derivative financial assets                               7,966,431                       8,293,450                   16,259,881

          Clearing settlement funds                                  6,611,930                       2,517,336                   9,129,266

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                134,879,413                       2,330,882                   137,210,295

          Bank balances                                            29,829,183                      16,466,994                   46,296,177

          Total maximum credit risk exposure                      569,153,589                       81,346,276                650,499,865




          (c) Liquidity risk management

          Liquidity risk refers to the risk of the Group not being able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in time to meet
          due debts, perform payment obligations and meet the capital requirements of normal businesses. The Group established
          a fully functional liquidity risk management system to identify, measure, monitor, control and report on its overall liquidity
          risk to improve the information of liquidity risk management, enhance the capabilities in the identification, measurement
          and monitoring of liquidity risk, and strengthen the Group ability in addressing liquidity risk. In addition, the Group also
          established a right-sized liquidity assets reserves based on the risk appetite and maintained sufficient liquidity assets with
          high quality to ensure the satisfaction of liquidity needs under stressful scenarios in a timely manner.




386
      The following tables show the details of the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the Group's non-derivative financial liabilities and derivate financial
      liabilities. Analysis of non-derivative financial liabilities are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating,
      based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:



                                                                                                                          As at 31 December 2024

                                                                             Overdue/                       More than 1          More than 3        More than 1
                                                             Carrying     repayable on     Less than     month but less       months but less      year but less    More than
      Financial Liabilities                                  amount           demand         1 month     than 3 months            than 1 year      than 5 years       5 years      Undated        Total



      Short-term bank loans                                  3,362,980               -      2,273,870          1,087,069                12,635                 -              -          -     3,373,574

      Short-term debt instruments issued                    28,852,939               -       3,197,084        5,425,790             20,714,438                 -              -          -    29,337,312

      Placements from other financial institutions           30,113,661              -      28,301,738         1,248,620               589,441                 -              -          -    30,139,799

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                184,586,976      184,586,976             -                 -                      -                 -              -          -   184,586,976

      Other payables and accruals                           74,656,220       72,385,981      1,208,179          100,843                322,785          695,835          39,217          -   74,752,840

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
      agreements                                            121,048,168              -     104,293,812         6,957,041             8,861,069          1,185,205             -          -    121,297,127

      Derivative financial liabilities
                                                            10,943,785               -       5,216,144        2,879,429               1,891,877          956,016            319          -    10,943,785

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
      or loss                                               40,448,332       14,000,834      1,596,739         1,872,196              6,987,017       19,736,089      1,665,071          -   45,857,946

      Liabilities associated with assets classified
                                                                13,328           8,809              -               659                   1,995            2,003              -          -        13,466
        as held for sale

      Long-term bonds                                       115,458,817              -      5,415,400         12,933,454            28,488,659        60,862,797      11,717,160         -    119,417,470

      Long-term bank loans                                           -               -              -                 -                      -                 -              -          -             -

      Total                                                609,485,206      270,982,600    151,502,966        32,505,101            67,869,916       83,437,945      13,421,767          -   619,720,295




387
                                           Financial Report and                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                                  Corporate Governance                                                              About Us                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                           and Strategies
388



                                                                                                                                 As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                   Overdue/                        More than 1           More than 3       More than 1
                                                                                repayable on     Less than      month but less        months but less     year but less     More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial Liabilities                                Carrying amount          demand         1 month      than 3 months             than 1 year     than 5 years        5 years       Undated        Total



      Short-term bank loans                                        11,478,573               -     7,490,289           4,018,259                  7,226                 -               -          -     11,515,774

      Short-term debt instruments issued                         25,475,507                 -       3,374,114         8,108,499              14,717,440                -               -          -   26,200,053

      Placements from other financial institutions               39,536,527                 -    34,236,630           2,559,335              2,788,710                 -               -          -   39,584,675

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                      144,701,360       144,701,360             -                  -                      -                 -               -          -   144,701,360

      Other payables and accruals
                                                                 113,825,742       110,539,646     1,635,576            102,104               429,774           1,164,412       85,632            -    113,957,144

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                               144,056,149                -    126,317,070          13,977,152              3,486,110       2,646,542                -          -   146,426,874

      Derivative financial liabilities                             16,881,641               -     9,493,502           5,738,758              1,300,092          335,246          14,043           -     16,881,641

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                                  52,671,166        18,167,058     3,274,374          2,928,070              9,537,915       16,652,468       2,495,190           -   53,055,075
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                            159,816,001                -     4,920,750            1,085,281            43,152,379      105,349,249        11,717,160         -   166,224,819

      Long-term bank loans                                          647,052                 -              -             10,640                  31,919         733,686                -          -      776,245

      Total                                                      709,089,718      273,408,064    190,742,305        38,528,098              75,451,565       126,881,603     14,312,025           -   719,323,660
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(d) Market risk management

Market risk refers to the risk of asset loss for the Company due to fluctuations in risk factors such as stock prices, interest
rates, exchange rates, and commodities. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market
risk within the acceptable range and to maximise the risk adjusted return.

(i) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk refers to the risk that movements in market interest rate will cause fluctuation in the Group's consolidated
financial position and cash flow. The Group's interest-bearing assets mainly include bank balances, clearing settlement
funds, margin accounts receivable, financial assets purchased under resale agreements, refundable deposits and


                                                                                                                                             About Us
bond investments; interest-bearing liabilities mainly include short-term bank loans, short-term debt instruments issued,
placements from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, accounts payable to
brokerage clients, long-term bonds and long-term bank loans, amongst others.

For financial instruments held on the reporting date that expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk, the Group adopts
sensitivity analysis as the primary instrument for monitoring interest rate risk. Sensitivity analysis measures the effect of any
reasonable and potential changes to the interest rate on the net profits and shareholders' equity under the assumption
that all the other variables remain constant.




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    389
390



      The following tables indicate the assets and liabilities as at the end of the reporting period by the expected next repricing dates or by maturity dates, depending on which is earlier:
                                                                                                                                                                                                              HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                                                               As at 31 December 2024

                                                               Less than          More than 1 month    More than 3 months            More than 1 year    More than    Non-interest
      Financial assets                                           1 month     but less than 3 months    but less than 1 year     but less than 5 years      5 years        bearing                    Total



      Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair value
                                                                        -                         -                       -                         -            -         208,769                208,769
       through profit or loss

      Debt instruments at amortised cost                         269,990                    410,455                6,167,119                11,747,158   28,694,296        504,704           47,793,722

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                 624,414                     866,111              5,213,898                   211,894     3,120,396         98,840               10,135,553
      comprehensive income

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                        -                         -                       -                         -            -         125,860                 125,860
        comprehensive income

      Assets classified as held for sale                           10,399                         -                       -                         -            -         318,042                 328,441

      Financial assets held under resale agreements             11,559,192                   292,219              3,037,614                   333,951            -           5,425               15,228,401

      Refundable deposits                                       2,601,703                         -                       -                         -            -      30,849,596           33,451,299

      Accounts receivable                                               -                         -                       -                         -            -       5,587,233               5,587,233

      Other receivables                                                 -                         -                       -                         -            -          219,195                 219,195

      Margin accounts receivable                                5,052,293                 13,443,692             110,672,925                    5,543       25,854       3,345,698          132,546,005

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     4,963,918                 8,073,497              43,536,438               56,636,854     58,353,969     129,973,081          301,537,757

      Derivative financial assets                                608,203                          -                       -                         -            -       9,382,922                9,991,125

      Clearing settlement funds                                 11,136,757                        -                       -                         -            -               -               11,136,757

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                170,669,083                         -                  46,285                         -            -          165,201         170,880,569

      Cash and bank balances                                   31,727,490                  5,601,238              2,086,303                         -            -         106,427           39,521,458

      Total                                                   239,223,442                 28,687,212            170,760,582               68,935,400     90,194,515    180,890,993          778,692,144
                                                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2024

                                                                 Less than           More than 1 month    More than 3 months             More than 1 year    More than             Non-interest
      Financial liabilities                                        1 month      but less than 3 months    but less than 1 year      but less than 5 years      5 years                 bearing             Total



      Short-term bank loans                                     (2,264,814)                 (1,078,575)               (12,428)                          -              -                 (7,163)     (3,362,980)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                         (3,131,010)                (5,316,000)           (20,327,750)                          -              -                (78,179)    (28,852,939)

      Placements from other financial institutions             (28,282,608)                 (1,236,405)              (575,071)                          -              -                (19,577)     (30,113,661)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                   (184,583,358)                          -                       -                          -              -                 (3,618)   (184,586,976)

      Other payables and accruals                                    (22,999)                  (98,381)               (311,290)                (548,288)        (33,657)            (73,641,605)    (74,656,220)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
      agreements                                               (104,041,516)               (6,836,593)             (8,752,065)                 (1,176,069)             -               (241,925)    (121,048,168)

      Derivative financial liabilities                              (760,937)                        -                       -                          -              -            (10,182,848)    (10,943,785)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
      loss                                                      (12,197,346)                (1,872,196)            (6,780,054)               (14,533,439)      (154,610)             (4,910,687)    (40,448,332)

      Liabilities associated with assets classified as held
                                                                      (8,809)                    (626)                  (1,920)                    (1,973)             -                      -         (13,328)
         for sale

      Long-term bonds                                          (4,800,000)                 (12,188,400)           (26,225,000)              (58,950,280)     (11,300,000)            (1,995,137)    (115,458,817)

      Long-term bank loans                                                 -                         -                       -                          -              -                      -                -

      Total                                                   (340,093,397)                (28,627,176)           (62,985,578)               (75,210,049)    (11,488,267)           (91,080,739)   (609,485,206)

      Net interest rate risk exposure                         (100,869,955)                     60,036             107,775,004                (6,274,649)     78,706,248             89,810,254      169,206,938




391
                                           Financial Report and                                                                   Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                    About Us                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                  and Strategies
392



                                                                                                                                As at 31 December 2023

                                                              Less than          More than 1 month     More than 3 months              More than 1 year    More than     Non-interest
      Financial liabilities                                     1 month     but less than 3 months      but less than 1 year      but less than 5 years      5 years         bearing           Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                         HUATAI SECURITIES




      Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair value
                                                                       -                          -                        -                          -             -          380,612        380,612
       through profit or loss

      Debt instruments at amortised cost                          19,997                    330,129                 4,272,515                 17,004,533    27,915,484         574,154      50,116,812

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                  66,381                   276,085                    704,011                12,434,424     2,546,873         234,226      16,262,000
       comprehensive income

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                       -                          -                        -                          -             -          124,506        124,506
        comprehensive income

      Financial assets held under resale agreements             7,678,941                  914,662                 3,716,892                    128,762             -          20,975      12,460,232

      Refundable deposits                                      2,726,297                          -                        -                          -             -        37,817,981   40,544,278

      Accounts receivable                                              -                          -                        -                          -             -        9,743,761      9,743,761

      Other receivables                                                -                          -                        -                          -             -         403,399        403,399

      Margin accounts receivable                              34,688,633                  19,190,616               53,851,817                         -             -        4,610,028     112,341,094

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    8,006,000                 11,967,448                58,371,182                 67,122,640   49,493,564       218,118,550   413,079,384

        Derivative financial assets                              945,881                          -                        -                          -             -       15,314,000     16,259,881

      Clearing settlement funds                                9,129,266                          -                        -                          -             -                -      9,129,266

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                137,161,030                         -                        -                          -             -          49,265      137,210,295

      Cash and bank balances                                   41,190,662                 1,853,683                3,158,240                          -             -           93,781    46,296,366

      Total                                                   241,613,088               34,532,623               124,074,657                 96,690,359     79,955,921    287,485,238     864,351,886
                                                                                                                                        As at 31 December 2023

                                                                 Less than             More than 1 month      More than 3 months               More than 1 year    More than             Non-interest
      Financial assets                                             1 month        but less than 3 months       but less than 1 year       but less than 5 years      5 years                 bearing             Total



      Short-term bank loans                                      (7,406,019)                  (3,964,154)                   (7,087)                           -               -               (101,313)     (11,478,573)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                            (3,311,150)                 (7,811,521)             (14,263,031)                          -               -              (89,805)     (25,475,507)

      Placements from other financial institutions              (34,219,619)                  (2,549,218)                (2,740,314)                          -               -               (27,376)    (39,536,527)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                    (144,695,879)                             -                        -                           -               -                 (5,481)   (144,701,360)

      Other payables and accruals                                     (41,872)                  (96,955)                  (402,053)                   (855,249)        (72,031)           (112,357,582)   (113,825,742)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
      agreements                                               (123,923,219)                 (13,897,025)               (3,373,685)                  (2,441,046)              -               (421,174)   (144,056,149)

      Derivative financial liabilities                               (89,473)                            -                        -                           -               -            (16,792,168)     (16,881,641)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
      loss                                                      (17,750,530)                  (2,928,070)                (9,333,168)                (16,473,306)              -            (6,186,092)     (52,671,166)

      Long-term bonds                                               (4,158,100)                 (342,743)              (39,774,430)                (101,878,290)   (11,300,000)            (2,362,438)     (159,816,001)

      Long-term bank loans                                                   -                           -                        -                   (647,052)               -                      -       (647,052)

      Total                                                    (335,595,861)                 (31,589,686)              (69,893,768)                (122,294,943)    (11,372,031)         (138,343,429)    (709,089,718)

      Net interest rate risk exposure                           (93,982,773)                    2,942,937                54,180,889                (25,604,584)    68,583,890               149,141,809     155,262,168




393
                                           Financial Report and                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                                  Corporate Governance                                                                        About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                       and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          For those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
          reporting period, the Group adopts sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
          Group's net profit and equity. Assuming all other variables remain constant and without taking into consideration of the
          management's activities to reduce interest rate risk, interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:



                                                                                        Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                          As at 31 December

          Move in yield curve                                                                 2024                                 2023



          Up 100 basis points                                                           (4,343,453)                           (3,983,526)

          Down 100 basis points                                                           4,990,742                             4,623,149




                                                                                        Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                          As at 31 December

          Move in yield curve                                                                 2024                                 2023



          Up 100 basis points                                                           (4,409,516)                            (4,147,742)

          Down 100 basis points                                                           5,058,907                             4,792,250




          The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's net profit and equity that would arise
          assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-
          measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end
          of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative
          instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group's net profit and equity is
          estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates.

          (ii) Currency risk

          Currency risk is the risk arising from foreign exchange business of the Group, which is attributable to the fluctuation of
          foreign exchange rates. Apart from the assets and liabilities held by the Group's overseas subsidiaries which use Hong
          Kong dollars or U.S. dollars as their functional currency, other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
          mainly represent foreign currency cash and bank balances held by domestic enterprises, foreign currency financial assets
          and liabilities arising from cross-border business, as well as foreign currency financial assets acquired by subsidiaries. In
          respect of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as cash and bank balances, clearing settlement
          funds, refundable deposits, accounts receivable, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, accounts payable and long-
          term bonds that are not accounted for with their functional currency, the Group has ensured that their net risk exposure are
          maintained at an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at market exchange rates where necessary to
          address the short-term imbalances.




394
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Assuming all other risk variables remained constant and without consideration of risk management measures undertaken
by the Group, a 10% strengthening of the RMB against USD and HKD at the reporting date would have increased / (decreased)
the Group's equity and net profit by the amount shown below, whose effect is in RMB and translated using the spot rate at
the reporting date:



                                                                           Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                             As at 31 December

Currency                                                                          2024                                   2023




                                                                                                                                            About Us
USD                                                                          (222,714)                               (723,668)

HKD                                                                         (340,754)                                (1,591,456)




                                                                           Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                             As at 31 December

Currency                                                                          2024                                   2023



USD                                                                          (222,714)                               (723,668)



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
HKD                                                                        (2,376,794)                              (3,276,332)




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
A 10% weakening of the RMB against the USD and HKD at balance date would have had the equal but opposite effect on
them to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remained constant.

Due to the above assumptions, the result of sensitivity analysis on exchange rate changes may be different, compared with
the actual changes in the Group's net profit and equity of may arise with this.

(iii) Price risks




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments concluded in financial instruments at
fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Price risk the
Group facing is mainly the proportionate fluctuation in the Group's net profits due to the price fluctuation of the financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss and the proportionate fluctuation in the Group's equity due to the price
fluctuation of the financial instruments measured at fair value.

Sensitivity analysis

The analysis below is performed to show the impact on Group's net profit and equity due to change in the prices of equity
securities by 10% with all other variables held constant.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   395
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2024                                      2023



          Increase by 10%                                                              5,421,007                                  7,169,444

          Decrease by 10%                                                            (5,421,007)                                (7,169,444)




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2024                                      2023



          Increase by 10%                                                              5,430,614                                  7,178,930

          Decrease by 10%                                                            (5,430,614)                                (7,178,930)




          The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's net profit and equity that would arise assuming
          that the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end of the reporting period
          and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to equity
          price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also assumed that the fair values of the Group's equity investments would
          change in accordance with the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
          that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2024 and 2023.


          (e) Operational risk management

          Operational risk refers to the risk on the Company's losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal procedures, staff,
          system or external events, which lead to inefficient internal procedures, mistakes of staff in operation or failure to strictly
          enforce the established procedures. The Risk Management Department takes the lead in managing the operational risk of
          the Group. Each department, business department and subsidiary actively perform the operational risk management in
          their respective lines and are responsible for the management effect, and bear the first responsibility. The Company adopts
          technological measures to prevent the emergence of operational risks in different business and management procedures
          as well as key segments, whilst at the same time strengthens process controls, to ensure effective implementation of
          operational risk management policies and systems. The Group carries out self-assessment of risk and control, monitoring
          of key risk indicators and gathering of loss data as additional approaches to strengthen the management of operational
          risks.

          Based on the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the CSRC, the National
          Audit Office and the Former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission as well as its supporting guidelines and
          the relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities and the Company, the Group has developed the risk-based internal
          control standards and carried out relevant continuous improvement initiatives. It has combined the self-assessment
          of operational risk with the self-assessment of internal controls; comprehensively sorted out and evaluated the inherent
          risks and control activities in various business processes; tested the effectiveness of control design and implementation;
          rectified the internal control weaknesses; comprehensively sorted out and optimised various business segments, systems
          and processes of the Group in order to ensure that the Group internal control measures are properly in place and
          the effectiveness of risk management. In addition, the Group has also integrated the management of operational risk
          and internal controls into daily operation; participated in the design of system, procedures and plan for new business
          throughout the entire process; fully identified and comprehensively evaluated the operational risks; and performed various
          pre-, middle- and post management measures such as setting up front-end controls, standardising business processes,
          creating risk-discovery indicators and conducting training and inspection in order to implement internal controls at key risk
          points.




396
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(f) Capital management

The Group's objectives of capital management are:

(i) To safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern so that they can continue to provide returns for
shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;

(ii) To support the Group's stability and growth;

(iii) To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of their business; and

(iv) To comply with the capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States regulations.


                                                                                                                                                About Us
On 23 January 2020 and 16 June 2020, the revised Rules on Standards for the Calculation of Risk Control Indicators of
Securities Companies and the revised Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies were
issued by the CSRC ("Revised Administrative Measures"). The Company is required to meet the following standards for risk
control indicators on a continual basis from 1 June 2020:

(i) The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its various risk capital provisions shall be no less than 100%;

(ii) The ratio of net capital divided by net assets shall be no less than 20%;

(iii) The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8%;


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
(iv) The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10%;




                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
(v) The ratio of the value of equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 100%;

(vi) The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 500%;

(vii) The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance sheet and off balance sheet assets shall be no less than 8%;

(viii) The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by net cash outflows for the next 30 days shall be no less than 100%;

(ix) The ratio of available stable funds divided by required stable funds shall be no less than 100%; and




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
(x) The ratio of margin financing (including securities lending) divided by net capital shall not exceed 400%.

Net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the Administrative Measures.

As at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023, the Company maintained net capital and the above ratios as follows:



                                                                                  Year ended 31 December

                                                                                      2024                                    2023



Net Capital                                                                       94,142,061                              94,076,764

The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its
                                                                                    362.37%                                 247.80%
  various risk capital provisions




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
The ratio of net capital divided by net assets                                       58.51%                                  60.67%

The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities                                      27.25%                                   22.15%

The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities                                       46.57%                                   36.51%




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
The ratio of the value of equity securities and
                                                                                     26.98%                                  28.58%
  derivatives held divided by net capital

The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and
                                                                                   254.96%                                  366.74%
  derivatives held divided by net capital

The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance
                                                                                     18.05%                                   13.98%
  sheet and off balance sheet assets

The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by
                                                                                     221.41%                                 152.51%
  net cash outflows for the next 30 days

The ratio of available stable funds divided by
                                                                                    150.36%                                 130.84%
  required stable funds

The ratio of margin financing (including securities
                                                                                    142.72%                                 139.45%
  lending) divided by net capital




                                                                                                                                       397
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Similar to the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Group are also subject to capital requirements under the Mainland
          China, Hong Kong and the United States regulatory requirements, respectively. These subsidiaries comply with the capital
          requirements during the year ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023.


          (g) Transfer of financial assets

          The Group transferred financial assets to certain counterparties through repurchase agreements and securities lending.
          These securities are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position because the Group retains
          substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities.

          The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell debt securities classified as financial
          assets at fair value through profit or loss and debt instruments at amortised cost. Sales and repurchase agreements are
          transactions in which the Group sell a security, and agree to repurchase it at the agreed date and price. The repurchase
          prices are fixed and the Group is still exposed to substantially all the credit risks, market risks and rewards of those securities
          sold. These securities are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position because the Group
          retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial assets.

          The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients to lend out its equity securities and exchange-traded
          funds classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As stipulated in the securities lending agreements, the
          legal ownership of these equity securities and exchange-traded funds is transferred to the clients. Although the clients are
          allowed to sell these securities during the covered period, they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at
          specified future dates. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks and interests of these securities
          and therefore has not derecognised these securities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

          The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values of the transferred financial assets that are not
          derecognised in their entirety and the associated liabilities:

          As at 31 December 2024



                                                                               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                               Sales and repurchase
                                                                        agreements                      Securities lending                   Total



          Carrying amount of transferred assets                              7,136,485                            1,274,563              8,411,048

          Carrying amount of associated liabilities                        (6,065,887)                                      -          (6,065,887)

          Net position                                                       1,070,598                            1,274,563               2,345,161




          As at 31 December 2023



                                                                               Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

                                                               Sales and repurchase
                                                                        agreements                       Securities lending                  Total



          Carrying amount of transferred assets                               1,848,651                              1,791,118           3,639,769

          Carrying amount of associated liabilities                          (1,733,189)                                    -            (1,733,189)

          Net position                                                          115,462                              1,791,118           1,906,580




398
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
62 Fair value information

(a) Fair value of financial instruments

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participations at the measurement date.

(i) Financial instruments in Level I

The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the
statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an


                                                                                                                                                  About Us
exchange, dealer, broker and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm's length
basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the closing price within bid-ask spread. These
instruments are included in Level I.

(ii) Financial instruments in Level II

The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques.
These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible
on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
included in Level II.


                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
(iii) Financial instruments in Level III




                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level III.


(b) Fair value of other financial instruments (carried at other than fair value)

The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis is estimated by the
active market quotation or determined in accordance with discounted cash flow method.

The main parameters used in discounted cash flow method for financial instruments held by the Group that are not
measured at fair value on a recurring basis include bond interest rates, foreign exchange rates and counterparty credit




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
spreads.

The carrying amount and fair value of debt instruments at amortised cost investments, short-term debt instruments issued
and long-term bonds which are not presented at fair value are listed as below:



Carrying amount


                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                  2024                                         2023




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Financial assets

- Debt instruments at amortised cost                                         47,793,722                                     50,116,812

Total                                                                        47,793,722                                     50,116,812




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Financial liabilities

- Short-term debt instruments issued                                       (28,852,939)                                (25,475,507)

- Long-term bonds                                                          (115,458,817)                               (159,816,001)

Total                                                                      (144,311,756)                               (185,291,508)




                                                                                                                                         399
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Fair value


                                                                                 As at 31 December 2024

                                                            Level I                 Level II                   Level III          Total



          Financial assets

          - Debt instruments at amortised cost                    -               51,458,276                           -     51,458,276

          Total                                                   -               51,458,276                           -     51,458,276



          Financial liabilities

          - Short-term debt instruments issued                    -               16,841,267                 12,022,923      28,864,190

          - Long-term bonds                                       -               92,483,912                 25,836,552      118,320,464

          Total                                                   -              109,325,179                 37,859,475      147,184,654




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2023

                                                            Level I                  Level II                  Level III          Total



          Financial assets

          - Debt instruments at amortised cost                    -               51,189,494                           -      51,189,494

          Total                                                   -               51,189,494                           -      51,189,494



          Financial liabilities

          - Short-term debt instruments issued                    -               14,047,389                  11,444,324       25,491,713

          - Long-term bonds                                       -               129,176,100                32,302,564      161,478,664

          Total                                                   -              143,223,489                 43,746,888      186,970,377




          The fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities included in the level II and III categories above have been
          determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the
          most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties.

          Except for the above, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
          liabilities recorded in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position approximate their fair value.




400
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(c) Fair value of financial instruments carried at fair value

The table below analyses financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, by the level in
the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised. It does not include fair value information for
financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of
fair value.



                                                                    As at 31 December 2024

                                                  Level I              Level II                 Level III                Total




                                                                                                                                            About Us
Assets

Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss

- Debt securities                               446,496             170,876,044                  242,137            171,564,677

- Equity securities                           55,932,255                      -                4,954,385            60,886,640

- Mutual funds                                 56,680,115             4,138,639                  257,505            61,076,259

- Private funds                                         -            3,548,646                          -            3,548,646

- Wealth management products                            -            3,280,955                   475,063              3,756,018

- Other debt instruments                                -                     -                  705,518                705,518



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Debt instruments at fair value through
                                                        -            10,135,553                         -            10,135,553
 other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                        -                21,109                   104,751               125,860
  other comprehensive income

Other investment

- Unlisted investment in a joint venture                -                     -                  208,769               208,769

Derivative financial assets                      350,714             7,349,069                  2,291,342             9,991,125

Total                                         113,409,580           199,350,015                9,239,470           321,999,065



Liabilities




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Financial liabilities at fair value through
  profit or loss

- Financial liabilities held for trading      (1,165,039)          (25,420,561)                         -         (26,585,600)

- Financial liabilities designated at fair
                                                        -           (5,062,579)              (8,800,154)           (13,862,733)
   value through profit or loss

Derivative financial liabilities               (376,897)            (8,735,144)               (1,831,744)          (10,943,785)

Total                                         (1,541,936)          (39,218,284)              (10,631,898)           (51,392,118)




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   401
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                               As at 31 December 2023

                                                            Level I                Level II                 Level III               Total



          Assets

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss

          - Debt securities                               1,247,948             193,929,712                 586,617            195,764,277

          - Equity securities                           114,529,748                  8,985               15,068,652            129,607,385

          - Mutual funds                                59,389,427               2,199,859                  178,042             61,767,328

          - Private funds                                         -            22,344,489                           -          22,344,489

          - Wealth management products                            -               1,418,630                         -             1,418,630

          - Other debt instruments                                -                       -                2,177,275              2,177,275

          Debt instruments at fair value through
                                                                  -              16,081,537                 180,463             16,262,000
           other comprehensive income

          Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                                  -                 18,849                  105,657                124,506
            other comprehensive income

          Other investment

          - Unlisted investment in a joint venture                -                       -                 380,612                380,612

          Derivative financial assets                       197,373             10,353,460                5,709,048             16,259,881

          Total                                         175,364,496            246,355,521              24,386,366             446,106,383



          Liabilities

          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss

          - Financial liabilities held for trading      (1,457,566)            (34,474,571)                         -         (35,932,137)

          - Financial liabilities designated at fair
                                                         (828,545)             (5,031,459)              (10,879,025)          (16,739,029)
             value through profit or loss

          Derivative financial liabilities               (247,954)             (13,176,576)               (3,457,111)          (16,881,641)

          Total                                         (2,534,065)           (52,682,606)              (14,336,136)          (69,552,807)




          For the year ended 31 December 2024, there were no financial instruments transfer from Level II to Level I (for the year ended
          31 December 2023: Nil).




402
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(i) Valuation methods for financial instruments in Level II



Financial assets and liabilities             Fair value hierarchy                      Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)



Debt securities at fair value through                               Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted at a rate
                                                   Level II
 profit or loss                                                       that reflects the credit risk of the bonds.



Equity securities at fair value through
                                                   Level II         Recent transaction prices.
  profit or loss




                                                                                                                                                                About Us
Funds at fair value through profit or loss         Level II         Net asset value as published by the fund managers.



Wealth management products at fair
                                                   Level II         Net asset value as published by the managers of products.
 value through profit or loss



Debt instruments at fair value through                              Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted at a rate
                                                   Level II
 other comprehensive income                                           that reflects the credit risk of the bonds.



Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                   Level II         Recent transaction prices.
  other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                    Future cash flows estimated based on forward exchange rates (from observable
                                                                      forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting period) and contract



                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Derivative financial assets/ derivative                               forward rates, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of various
                                                   Level II
 financial liabilities                                                counterparties; or calculated based on the difference between the equity
                                                                      return of underlying equity securities and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                      agreements.



                                                                    Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted at a rate
Financial liabilities held for trading             Level II
                                                                      that reflects the credit risk of the debt instruments.



Financial liabilities designated at fair                            Calculated based on the fair value of the underlying investments which are debt
                                                   Level II




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
  value through profit or loss                                       securities and publicly traded equity investments in each portfolio.




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                       403
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (ii) Valuation methods for Financial instruments in Level III



                                                                                                             Significant unobservable          Relationship of unobservable
          Financial assets and liabilities        Fair value hierarchy        Valuation technique(s)                         input(s)                  input(s) to fair value



                                                                                                                                          The higher the risk adjusted
          Other debt instruments and debt                                                                                                   discount rate, the lower the fair
                                                                         Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
           securities at fair value through             Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
                                                                           model                           and expected cash flow.
           profit or loss                                                                                                                   cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                            value.



                                                                                                         Indicators such as P/
                                                                                                                                          The higher the discount, the lower
                                                                         Market approach, with an          E and P/B multiples
          Unlisted equity securities at fair                                                                                                the fair value; the higher the
                                                        Level III         adjustment or discount           of comparable listed
           value through profit or loss                                                                                                     valuation multiples, the higher the
                                                                          for lack of marketability        companies, and liquidity
                                                                                                                                            fair value.
                                                                                                           discount rate.



                                                                                                                                          The higher the price volatility, the
                                                                                                         Indicators such as price
          Funds at fair value through profit or                          Black-Scholes option                                               higher the discount rate; the
                                                        Level III                                          volatility of comparable
            loss                                                           pricing model                                                    higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                                                                           funds, and discount rate.
                                                                                                                                            the fair value.



                                                                                                                                          The higher the risk adjusted
          Debt instruments at fair value                                                                                                    discount rate, the lower the fair
                                                                         Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
           through other comprehensive                  Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
                                                                           model                           and expected cash flow.
           income                                                                                                                           cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                            value.



                                                                                                         Indicators such as P/
                                                                                                                                          The higher the discount, the lower
          Equity instruments at fair value                               Market approach, with an          E and P/B multiples
                                                                                                                                            the fair value; the higher the
            through other comprehensive                 Level III         adjustment or discount           of comparable listed
                                                                                                                                            valuation multiples, the
            income                                                        for lack of marketability        companies, and liquidity
                                                                                                                                            higher the fair value.
                                                                                                           discount rate.



                                                                                                                                          The higher the risk adjusted
                                                                                                                                            discount rate, the lower the fair
          Unlisted investment in a joint                                 Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
                                                        Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
           venture                                                         model                           and expected cash flow.
                                                                                                                                            cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                            value.



                                                                         Black-Scholes option
                                                                                                                                          The higher the price volatility, the
          Derivative financial assets/                                     pricing model /Monte-         Price volatility of underlying
                                                        Level III                                                                           greater the impact on the fair
           derivative financial liabilities                                Carlo option pricing            assets.
                                                                                                                                            value.
                                                                           model



                                                                                                                                          Indicators such as P/E and P/B
                                                                                                         Indicators such as P/              multiples of comparable listed
                                                                         Market approach, with an
                                                                                                           E and P/B multiples              companies, and liquidity discount
          Financial liabilities designated at                             adjustment or discount
                                                        Level III                                          of comparable listed             rate.The higher the discount,
            fair value through profit or loss                             for lack of marketability of
                                                                                                           companies, and liquidity         the lower the fair value; the higher
                                                                          the underlying portfolios
                                                                                                           discount rate.                   the valuation multiples, the higher
                                                                                                                                            the fair value.



                                                                         Black-Scholes option
                                                                                                                                          The higher the price volatility, the
          Financial liabilities designated at                              pricing model /Monte-         Price volatility of underlying
                                                        Level III                                                                           greater the impact on the fair
            fair value through profit or loss                              Carlo option pricing            assets.
                                                                                                                                            value.
                                                                           model




404
      (iii) Financial instruments in Level III

      The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurement in Level III of the fair value hierarchy:



                                                                                          Other investment
                                                                                          Debt instruments       Equity instruments
                                              Financial assets at                     at fair value through      assets at fair value                                       Financial liabilities   Derivative
                                               fair value through           Other    other comprehensive              through other            Derivative                 at fair value through      financial
                                                     profit or loss   investment                     income   comprehensive income       financial assets        Total             profit or loss    liabilities         Total



      As at 1 January 2024                              18,010,586        380,612                   180,463                   105,657          5,709,048    24,386,366              (10,879,025)     (3,457,111)   (14,336,136)

      Transfer in                                           49,537              -                         -                         -                   -       49,537                          -              -              -

      Transfer out                                     (7,307,070)              -                         -                         -                   -   (7,307,070)                         -              -              -

      Gains or losses for the year                     (2,843,033)       (171,843)                  (1,524)                         -        (3,009,600)    (6,026,000)                   325,211     1,968,392      2,293,603

      Changes in fair value recognised
       in other comprehensive income                              -             -                    10,420                    (1,106)                  -         9,314                         -     (136,318)       (136,318)

      Additions                                            676,939              -                         -                       400              47,598      724,937              (16,786,700)        317,237    (16,469,463)

      Sales                                            (1,833,936)              -                         -                         -            (67,722)   (1,901,658)                         -    (492,533)       (492,533)

      Settlements                                         (118,415)             -                 (189,359)                     (200)          (387,982)     (695,956)                18,540,360        (31,411)    18,508,949

      As at 31 December 2024                            6,634,608         208,769                         -                    104,751          2,291,342     9,239,470              (8,800,154)    (1,831,744)    (10,631,898)

      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for
        assets/liability held at the end of
        the reporting period                           (1,604,416)       (171,844)                        -                         -         (3,418,295)   (5,194,555)                  296,442      1,641,673        1,938,115




405
                                        Financial Report and                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                                     Corporate Governance                                                                         About Us                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                                       and Strategies
406



                                                                                       Debt instruments at        Equity instruments
                                              Financial assets at                        fair value through       assets at fair value                                          Financial liabilities    Derivative
                                               fair value through            Other    other comprehensive              through other            Derivative                    at fair value through       financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                     profit or loss    investment                    income    comprehensive income       financial assets          Total              profit or loss     liabilities         Total



      As at 1 January 2023                              20,403,033          741,464                 677,873                     87,794           3,235,282     25,145,446                 (9,660,147)     (1,281,649)    (10,941,796)

      Transfer in                                            66,381              -                        -                          -                    -         66,381                          -               -              -

      Transfer out                                     (9,737,580)               -                        -                          -                    -    (9,737,580)                          -               -              -

      Gains or losses for the year                        (43,469)       (360,852)                     1,819                         -            3,167,323      2,764,821                 (483,933)      (1,618,490)    (2,102,423)

      Changes in fair value recognised
       in other comprehensive income                              -              -                   (5,179)                     17,863             (31,121)      (18,437)                          -       (32,763)        (32,763)

      Additions                                            9,511,417             -                        -                          -              21,555      9,532,972                (6,989,522)         564,316     (6,425,206)

      Sales                                              (1,746,812)             -                        -                          -            (46,394)     (1,793,206)                          -     (608,437)       (608,437)

      Settlements                                        (442,384)               -                (494,050)                          -           (637,597)      (1,574,031)                6,254,577      (480,088)        5,774,489

      As at 31 December 2023                             18,010,586        380,612                  180,463                     105,657          5,709,048     24,386,366                (10,879,025)      (3,457,111)   (14,336,136)

      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for
        assets/liability held at the end of
        the reporting period                               391,908       (360,852)                        -                          -            2,487,619      2,518,675                   1,515,251   (2,030,084)       (514,833)




      For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group's investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB 49,537 thousand were transferred from Level I to Level III, as the
      fair values of these securities were determined using valuation techniques instead of quoted prices, due to delisting (For the year ended 31 December 2023: RMB66,381 thousand).

      For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group's investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB7,334 million were transferred from Level III to Level I, as the fair
      values of these securities were determined using quoted prices instead of valuation techniques, due to expiration of lock-up period (For the year ended 31 December 2023: 9,738 million).
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024
63 Share-based payments


                                                             As at            Accrued              Decrease                     As at
                                           Notes   1 January 2024         for the year           for the year       31 December 2024



Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of
                                            (a)            180,789              31,852                 (108,017)              104,624
  A Shares
Share-based payments of an
  overseas subsidiary                                    1,388,553             69,352             (1,457,905)                         -

Total                                                    1,569,342             101,204            (1,565,922)                 104,624




                                                                                                                                                    About Us
                                                            As at             Accrued              Decrease                    As at
                                           Notes   1 January 2023         for the year           for the year       31 December 2023



Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of
                                            (a)            223,981              72,582                  (115,774)              180,789
  A Shares
Share-based payments of an
  overseas subsidiary                                      1,273,641            114,912                        -             1,388,553

Total                                                     1,497,622            187,494                  (115,774)            1,569,342




(a) Restricted share incentive scheme of A shares                                                                                                Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
The Company carried out a Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares whereby the Company grant restricted A shares
to the Incentive Participants in return for their services. On 29 March 2021, 45,640,000 restricted A Shares were granted to 813
incentive participants at the grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. As at 30 March 2021, the Company had in aggregate received
subscription proceeds of RMB413,940,800 from 810 incentive participants. On 30 March 2023, the Board and the Supervisory
Committee of the Company considered and approved that the total number of restricted shares that can be unlocked is
14,222,943 shares at the end of the first locking period. On 12 April 2024, the Board and the Supervisory Committee of the
Company considered and approved that the total number of restricted shares that can be unlocked is 13,269,954 shares at




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
the end of the second locking period (Note 55).

As at 31 December 2024, there are one remaining unlocking periods under the incentive scheme, the weighted average
remaining contractual life of the incentive scheme is 0.25 years.

Details of the scheme as at 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023 are set out below:



                                                                              Year ended 31 December

Number of shares                                                                2024                                             2023



Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                    27,793,201                                      43,788,054




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
Granted during the year                                                              -                                                -

Exercised during the year                                                            -                                                -

Forfeited during the year                                                   (799,597)                                        (1,771,910)




                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
Unlocked during the year                                                  (13,269,954)                                     (14,222,943)

Outstanding at the end of the year                                          13,723,650                                       27,793,201



Exercisable at the end of the year                                          13,723,650                                       27,793,201




                                                                                                                                           407
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2024, cumulative amount of RMB 104.62 million were recognised in the capital reserve and non-
          controlling interests of the Group (as at 31 December 2023: RMB180.79 million). The total expenses recognised for the year
          ended 31 December 2024 were RMB 31.85 (as at 31 December 2023: RMB72.58 million).

          For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company recognised share-based payment expense amounted to RMB 4.88
          million, for the restricted shares granted to the Company's key management personnel (for the year ended 31 December
          2023: RMB10.22 million).

          The fair value of services received in return for restricted share Incentive scheme is measured by reference to the fair value
          of shares. The estimate of the fair value of restricted shares granted is measured based on the closing price of shares at
          grant date, which is RMB17.24 per share.



          64 Company-level statement of financial position


                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                                  Note                   2024                                        2023



          Non-current assets

          Property and equipment                                                      4,458,811                                  4,187,944

          Investment properties                                                       824,668                                     858,046

          Land-use rights and other intangible assets                                   853,119                                   833,036

          Investments in subsidiaries                                               24,728,426                                   24,611,100

          Interest in associates                                                    17,935,690                                  15,486,356

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                                         40,618,221                                 4,697,309

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                                 199,610                                          -

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                                       2,317,359                                          -

          Equity instruments at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                                                        39,759                                     52,694

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        518,602                                     542,102

          Refundable deposits                                                        8,022,200                                  13,790,464

          Deferred tax assets                                                          844,145                                           -

          Other non-current assets                                                      211,190                                    262,158

          Total non-current assets                                                  101,571,800                                 65,321,209

          Current assets

          Accounts receivable                                                        2,340,263                                   3,437,465

          Other receivables and prepayments                                         10,444,530                                   11,057,194

          Margin accounts receivable                                                130,578,012                                109,994,639

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                                         6,938,958                                  45,169,690

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                              8,763,800                                   10,262,018

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                                      3,351,809                                   11,663,753

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     205,061,120                                 284,201,311

          Derivative financial assets                                                 7,017,269                                  11,313,833

          Clearing settlement funds                                                 13,700,234                                   13,863,172

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                                  138,397,191                                102,305,180

          Cash and bank balances                                                    16,697,767                                   14,891,188

                                                                                   543,290,953                                 618,159,443

          Assets classified as held for sale                                           104,570                                           -

          Total current assets                                                     543,395,523                                 618,159,443

          Total assets                                                             644,967,323                                683,480,652




408
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                      As at 31 December

                                                        Note        2024                       2023



Current liabilities

Short-term debt instruments issued                             28,852,939                  16,776,642

Placements from other financial institutions                     30,113,661               39,536,527

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                          137,719,349                95,945,088

Employee benefits payable                                        2,697,793                 2,038,688

Other payables and accruals                                    63,966,019                 88,953,603

Current tax liabilities                                                158                          -


                                                                                                                  About Us
Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                99,120,033                 116,230,125
  agreements

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                                                               14,705,969                  20,737,753
  loss

Derivative financial liabilities                                 8,767,418                 11,885,585

Long-term bonds due within one year                             31,474,933                 38,411,570

Total current liabilities                                      417,418,272                430,515,581

Net current assets                                             125,977,251                187,643,862

Total assets less current liabilities                          227,549,051                252,965,071




                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
Non-current liabilities

Long-term bonds                                                 61,356,697                92,708,296




                                                                                                                and Strategies
Non-current employee benefits payable                            4,564,615                 4,495,899

Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                                                                  334,954                     130,342
  loss

Deferred tax liabilities                                                 -                    80,495

Other payable and accruals                                        406,470                    496,826

Total non-current liabilities                                  66,662,736                  97,911,858

Net assets                                                     160,886,315                155,053,213




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                         409
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                          As at 31 December

                                                    Note                                 2024                                       2023



          Equity

          Share capital                             55(b)                            9,027,302                                  9,074,663

          Other equity instruments                                                  28,300,000                                 25,700,000

          Treasury shares                                                            (100,545)                                  (1,064,173)

          Reserves                                                                   97,048,119                                 94,781,954

          Retained profits                                                           26,611,439                                26,560,769

          Total equity                                                              160,886,315                                155,053,213




          Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 March 2025.




          Zhang Wei                                                                       Wang Bing

          Chairman of the Board,Director                                                   Director




          65 Comparative figures

          Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation.



          66 Events after the reporting date

          (a) Issuance of bonds

          From 31 December 2024 to the date of the consolidated financial statements approved and authorised for issue, the
          Company has issued 8 corporate bonds with a cumulative amount of RMB 23,200 million bearing interest of 1.60% to 2.05%
          per annum. Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International Financial Holdings Limited, has issued 1
          medium-term note with a cumulative amount of USD50 million.


          (b) Profit distribution plan after accounting periods

          In March 2025, based on the Company’s total share capital of 9,027,302,281 shares as at the end of the reporting period,
          the Board proposed a cash dividend distribution of RMB0.37 per share (tax inclusive), amounting to a total cash dividend
          of RMB3,340 million (tax inclusive). During 2024, the Company had already implemented an interim profit distribution,
          distributing a cash dividend of RMB0.15 per share (tax inclusive), totaling RMB 1,354 million (tax inclusive). The total cash
          dividends distributed by the Company for the year (including the interim dividends already allocated) amount to RMB4,694
          million (tax inclusive), equivalent to a combined cash dividend of RMB0.52 per share (tax inclusive), representing 30.58% of
          the consolidated net profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders in 2024. The proposal is pending for the approval of
          the general meeting of the shareholders. The cash dividends are not recognised as a liability as at 31 December 2024.


          (c) Disposal of a subsidiary

          In January 2025, the Company completed the closing of the transfer of its 20% equity interest in Jiangsu Equity Exchange
          Center to Jiangsu Jincai Investment Co., Ltd. Consequently, the Company's shareholding in Jiangsu Equity Exchange Center
          has been reduced to 32%, and the entity has been reclassified as an associate of the Company.




410
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024

INDEX OF DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION

                                       Financial statements carrying the signature and seal of the Company’s legal
                                       representative, person in charge of accounting and head of accounting department

                                       Audit report carrying the seal of the accounting firm and the signature and seal of
        Index of Documents
                                       the certified public accountant
           for Inspection
                                       Original copies of all documents and announcements of the Company publicly

                                                                                                                                          About Us
                                       disclosed during the Reporting Period

                                       Articles of Association



                                                                                           Chairman of the Board: Zhang Wei

                                                     Date of Submission as Approved by the Board of Directors: March 28, 2025




INFORMATION DISCLOSURE OF SECURITIES COMPANIES                                                                                         Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                        and Strategies

 I.MAJOR ADMINISTRATIVE APPROVALS OF THE COMPANY

1 Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
(Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2024] No. 416) dated March 11, 2024.




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
2 Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2024] No. 1109) dated July 31, 2024.




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 411
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          APPENDIX

           I.MAIN BUSINESS QUALIFICATIONS

          The Company was entitled to become the members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
          Beijing Stock Exchange, and Securities Association of China, to engage in the clearing of warrants of China Securities
          Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and to participate in the clearing of China Securities Depository and Clearing
          Corporation Limited. Besides, the Company also has the following main business qualifications:



           No.                                        Type of License                                               Approval Department                    Years



            1     National interbank market access qualification                                                             PBOC                       January 2000

            2     Qualification for online entrusted securities brokerage business                                           CSRC                         May 2001

            3     Qualification for distributing open-end securities investment funds                                        CSRC                      February 2003

            4     Qualification for entrusted investment management business                                                 CSRC                       March 2003
                                                                                                                   Jiangsu Communications
            5     Value-added telecommunications business license                                                                                         July 2004
                                                                                                                        Administration
            6     Pilot securities firm for relevant innovative activities                                      Securities Association of China         March 2005

            7     Qualification for underwriting short-term financing bills                                                  PBOC                       August 2005
                                                                                                                State Administration of Foreign
            8     License for foreign exchange operation in the securities business                                                                    November 2006
                                                                                                                         Exchange
            9     Foreign exchange registration certificate for overseas investment                            Jiangsu Provincial Bureau of SAFE       December 2006

           10     Qualification for agency business of stock transfer                                           Securities Association of China          June 2007

            11    Qualification of tier-1 dealer on the integrated e-platform for fixed income securities          Shanghai Stock Exchange              August 2007
                  Qualified domestic institutional investor (QDII) qualification for overseas
            12                                                                                                               CSRC                      December 2007
                  securities investment management business
                  Qualification to provide intermediary introduction business for Great Wall Weiye
            13                                                                                                               CSRC                        April 2008
                  Futures Co., Ltd.
           14     Qualified investor qualification in block trade system                                           Shanghai Stock Exchange               June 2008
                  Qualification to incorporate wholly-owned specialized subsidiaries to engage in
           15                                                                                                                CSRC                         July 2008
                  direct investment business
           16     Obtain a stock index futures trading code and a hedging limit                                China Financial Futures Exchange          June 2010

            17    Pilot program of securities margin trading                                                                 CSRC                        June 2010
                  Qualification of the dealer for credit risk mitigation tools and creator for credit       National Association of Financial Market
           18                                                                                                                                          December 2010
                  risk mitigation certificates                                                                       Institutional Investors
                  Change the securities brokerage business (the business in Jiangsu, Shanghai,
                  Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei,
                  Henan, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Xinjiang, Qinghai only)
                  within the original business scope to securities brokerage business, change
           19     the securities underwriting and sponsorship business (the relevant business                                CSRC                        August 2011
                  on the Shanghai Stock Exchange only) to securities underwriting business (the
                  underwriting of government bonds, debt financing instruments of non-financial
                  enterprises only), and reduce the financial advisory business relating to securities
                  trading and securities investment activities
           20     Provide trading seats to insurance institutional investors                                China Insurance Regulatory Commission       January 2012

            21    Pilot program of bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                        CSRC                       January 2012

           22     Bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                               Shanghai Stock Exchange              February 2012

           23     CSI 300ETF liquidity service provider                                                            Shanghai Stock Exchange                May 2012

           24     Innovative brokerage deposit business                                                                      CSRC                        June 2012

           25     Participate in interest rate swap trading by using the Company’s proprietary funds         Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       August 2012
                                                                                                             China Securities Finance Corporation
           26     Pilot program of margin refinancing                                                                                                   August 2012
                                                                                                                            Limited
           27     Pilot program of agreed repurchase type securities trading                                                 CSRC                      September 2012
                  Lead underwriting business for non-financial enterprises debt financing                   National Association of Financial Market
           28                                                                                                                                          November 2012
                  instruments in the interbank market                                                                Institutional Investors
                  Qualification and transaction code for conducting arbitrage and speculative
           29                                                                                                  China Financial Futures Exchange        December 2012
                  trading of CSI 300 index-futures
           30     Agency sale of financial products                                                          Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       January 2013

            31    Qualification for the agreed repurchase type securities trading business                        Shenzhen Stock Exchange               January 2013




412
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
No.                                     Type of License                                            Approval Department                    Years



      Pilot comprehensive custody business for private funds, which can provide
      comprehensive custody services, such as asset custody, settlement,                   Institutional Supervision Department of
32                                                                                                                                     February 2013
      computation of net value, investment control, custody report and etc., for private                   the CSRC
      securities investment funds (limited partnership)
                                                                                            China Securities Finance Corporation
33    Qualification of margin refinancing business                                                                                     February 2013
                                                                                                           Limited
                                                                                                 China Insurance Regulatory
34    Insurance fund investment manager                                                                                                 March 2013
                                                                                                        Commission
      Operate recommendation and brokerage business on the National Equities                   National Equities Exchange and
35                                                                                                                                      March 2013
      Exchange and Quotations as the lead securities firm                                       Quotations Company Limited
      Qualification to submit filing materials for witnessing the opening of customers’        China Securities Depository and
36                                                                                                                                       April 2013


                                                                                                                                                                About Us
      securities accounts                                                                       Clearing Corporation Limited
      Qualification of financial bonds (including policyfinance bonds) underwriting
37                                                                                          Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau        June 2013
      business
      Conducting stock pledge-style repo transaction business for securities listed on     Shanghai Stock Exchange and Shenzhen
38                                                                                                                                      June 2013
      the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange                                          Stock Exchange
39    Treasury bonds futures business                                                       Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau      September 2013
      Qualification to conduct treasury bonds futuresarbitrage and hedging                    CSRC and China Financial Futures
40                                                                                                                                    September 2013
      businesses                                                                                        Exchange
41    Qualification to conduct asset management share transfer business                           Shenzhen Stock Exchange             September 2013

42    Qualification to carry out equity return swaps business                                  Securities Association of China        September 2013

43    Qualification to conduct pre-issuance of treasury bonds                                     Shanghai Stock Exchange              October 2013




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
44    Pass the on-site inspection on stock options                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange               June 2014
      Operate market-making business on the National Equities Exchange and
                                                                                               National Equities Exchange and
45    Quotations as a market maker, namely market-making qualification on the                                                            July 2014




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                                                                                Quotations Company Limited
      National Equities Exchange and Quotations
46    Trial market maker on the interbank market                                             National Inter-Bank Funding Center          July 2014

47    Pilot program of financing by exercising the share incentive scheme business                Shenzhen Stock Exchange              August 2014
      Qualification of capital payment services for clients that could provide various
                                                                                           Securities Fund Supervision Department
48    payment services for investors such as deposits collection, mobile recharging,                                                   August 2014
                                                                                                         of the CSRC
      online store consumption, sales return, water fee and credit card payment
49    Qualification of custodian for securities investment funds                                            CSRC                      September 2014

50    Qualification for pilot operations of Internet-based securities business                 Securities Association of China        September 2014

51    OTC qualification                                                                        Securities Association of China        September 2014




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
52    Qualification to conduct Southbound trading under A Shares trading seats                    Shanghai Stock Exchange              October 2014

53    Pilot program on the OTC market                                                          Securities Association of China         October 2014
      Pilot program of restricted securities lending under share incentive schemes of
54                                                                                                Shenzhen Stock Exchange             December 2014
      listed companies
      Qualification of practicing on an authentic basis and brokerage business for
55                                                                                                Shenzhen Stock Exchange             December 2014
      stock option businesses
      Qualification for stock option trading participant, stock option brokerage and
56                                                                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2015
      proprietary business trading
57    Qualification for stock options market making business                                                CSRC                       January 2015

58    Main market maker of SSE 50ETF option contracts                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2015
      Qualification of standard interest rate swap and forward centralized settlement
59                                                                                                Shanghai Clearing House                April 2015
      of standard bonds
60    Qualification of participating in the net settlement of bond trade                          Shanghai Clearing House                April 2015




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
      Provide private equity with valuation and calculation service, share registration
                                                                                             Asset Management Association of
61    service, sales backstage service support and other outsourcing services, as well                                                   April 2015
                                                                                                         China
      as other value-added services derived from the above services
      Qualification of pilot innovative business for one-way video verification of             China Securities Depository and
62                                                                                                                                      June 2015
      investors’ identities                                                                     Clearing Corporation Limited




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
      Permission to conduct Southbound trading under Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock
63                                                                                                Shenzhen Stock Exchange             November 2016
      connect
      Agency qualification for subscription, purchasing and redeeming of gold ETF in
64                                                                                                Shanghai Gold Exchange                June 2017
      spot
65    Pilot program of cross-border business                                                                CSRC                      December 2017

66    Qualification of tier-1 dealer on OTC options                                                         CSRC                         July 2018

67    Carry out credit derivatives business                                                                 CSRC                      December 2018

68    Qualification of main market maker of funds listed on the SSE                               Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2019

69    Conducting credit protection contract business                                              Shanghai Stock Exchange              February 2019

70    Conducting market making business of treasury bond futures                                            CSRC                         May 2019

71    Pilot Program of Foreign Exchange Settlement and Sales Business                      State Administration of Foreign Exchange    August 2019

72    Conducting credit protection certificate business                                           Shanghai Stock Exchange             December 2019




                                                                                                                                                       413
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.                                    Type of License                                             Approval Department                 Years



           73    Conducting market making business of commodity options                                               CSRC                    December 2019

           74    Conducting market making business of stock index options                                             CSRC                    December 2019

           75    Conducting pilot fund investment advisory business                                                   CSRC                    February 2020
                                                                                                          State Administration of Foreign
           76    Conducting agency for trading of foreign exchange Business                                                                      July 2020
                                                                                                                   Exchange
           77    Conducting market making business of commodity futures                                               CSRC                     January 2021

           78    Conducting pilot business of account management function optimization                                CSRC                    November 2021

           79    Engaging in “Southbound Trading” business                                                            PBOC                    December 2021

           80    Qualification for tier-1 dealer on commodity swap business                                Shanghai Futures Exchange             July 2022

            81   Qualification for market making and trading business of listed securities                            CSRC                    September 2022

           82    Proprietary participation in carbon emissions trading                                                CSRC                     January 2023

                                          In 2024, the individual business qualifications obtained by the Company mainly include
                 Participation in Securities, Funds and Insurance Companies Swap Facility (SFISF)
            1                                                                                                         CSRC                     October 2024
                 business
                                                                                                         The PBOC Guangdong Branch,
                 Pilot participation in the “Cross-boundary Wealth Management Connect”               Shenzhen Branch, the CSRC Guangdong
            2                                                                                                                                 November 2024
                 business                                                                            Regulatory Bureau, Shenzhen Regulatory
                                                                                                                     Bureau




414
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
 II. LIST OF BRANCH OFFICES AND SECURITIES BRANCHES


1.Establishment of Securities Branch Offices of the Company

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the basic information of the establishment of securities branch offices of the
Company is as follows:


                                                                                                         Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                           Registered


                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
                                                           capital (or
                                            Date of         working                  Person in        Contact
 No     Name            Address          establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                  6/F & 7/F, Block A,                                                                              underwriting of government
                  Feili Shidai Square                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
         Anhui    Commercial                August                                                                 of non-financial enterprises
 1                                                           10,000       230011       Li Jing     0551-64297088
        Branch    Complex, No. 310         25, 2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                  Suixi Road, Luyang                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                  District, Hefei                                                                                  margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                   lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                   investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                   financial products.




                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                  Room 1501, 15/F,                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
        Beijing   Block 28, Fengsheng                                                                              of non-financial enterprises
 2                                        May 28, 2010        500        100032     Wang Yujie      010-63211388
        Branch    Hutong, Xicheng                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                  District, Beijing                                                                                policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                   investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                   financial products.




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                                                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
      Changzhou   No. 9, North Heping                                                 Yuan                         of non-financial enterprises
 3                                        April 16, 2014     2,000       213003                    0519-81006688
        Branch    Road, Changzhou                                                    Hongbin                       and financial bonds (including
                                                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                   investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                   financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                   sale of securities investment




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
                                                                                                                   funds; margin financing and
                                                                                                                   securities lending business;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products;
                  Units 10D, 10C Block
                                                                                                                   securities underwriting (limited
                  A, Tefang Portman
                                                                                                                   to ancillary works such as




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
         Fujian   Wealth Center, No.     September 18,
 4                                                           2,000       361004     Ren Qiaojian   0592-5918981    project contracting, project
        Branch    81 Zhanhong Road,          2014
                                                                                                                   information transmission and
                  Siming District,
                                                                                                                   recommendation and customer
                  Xiamen
                                                                                                                   relationship maintenance of
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                                                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                   of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                   financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                   bank bonds) only).




                                                                                                                                                        415
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                           Registered
                                                                           capital (or
                                                            Date of         working                  Person in      Contact
           No      Name               Address            establishment      capital)     Zip code     charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                               Units 02 & 03, 36/F,                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                Guangdong      No. 10 Huaxia Road,                                                                                of non-financial enterprises
           5                                              May 19, 2012        500        510620      Liu Yong     020-88830128
                  Branch       Tianhe District,                                                                                   and financial bonds (including
                               Guangzhou                                                                                          policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                               No. 16, Nongye Road
                  Henan                                                                                                           of non-financial enterprises
           6                   East, Jinshui District,    April 16, 2014     2,000       450008      Fan Hao      0371-60958336
                  Branch                                                                                                          and financial bonds (including
                               Zhengzhou
                                                                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                               3/F, Block B, Aocheng
                                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                               International, No.
                                                                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
                Heilongjiang   239 Xuanhua Street,
           7                                              May 28, 2010        500         150001    Wang Haibin   0451-51994000   and financial bonds (including
                  Branch       Nangang District,
                                                                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                               Harbin, Heilongjiang
                                                                                                                                  financing and securities lending
                               Province
                                                                                                                                  business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products; management
                                                                                                                                  of local business departments.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to ancillary
                                                                                                                                  works such as project contracting,
                                                                                                                                  project information transmission
                                                                                                                                  and recommendation
                               24/F, Unit 6, Building                                                                             and customer relationship
                               6-7, Wuhan 1818                                                                                    maintenance of underwriting
                               Center (Phase 2), No.                                                                              of government bonds, debt
                   Hubei
           8                   109 Zhongbei Road,        March 19, 2012       500        430070       Min Jie     027-87739318    financing instruments of non-
                  Branch
                               Shuiguohu Street,                                                                                  financial enterprises and financial
                               Wuchang District,                                                                                  bonds (including policy-bank
                               Wuhan                                                                                              bonds) only); margin financing
                                                                                                                                  and securities lending business;
                                                                                                                                  agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                                  investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                                  financial products; management
                                                                                                                                  of securities branches at Hubei of
                                                                                                                                  Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                                  investment consulting; agency
                               Rooms 1301-1305 &                                                                                  sale of securities investment
                               1313-1316, Buildings                                                                               funds; margin financing and
                               4 & 5, Huayuanhua                                                                                  securities lending business;
                               Center, No 36,                                                                                     agency sale of financial products;
                  Hunan
           9                   Section 2, Middle          May 27, 2014        500         410015     Deng Jing    0731-85120568   securities underwriting and
                  Branch
                               Xiangjiang Road,                                                                                   sponsoring (limited to ancillary
                               Tianxin District,                                                                                  works such as project contracting,
                               Changsha, Hunan                                                                                    project information transmission
                               Province                                                                                           and recommendation
                                                                                                                                  and customer relationship
                                                                                                                                  maintenance).




416
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                             Registered
                                                             capital (or
                                              Date of         working                 Person in      Contact
No    Name             Address             establishment      capital)     Zip code    charge        number                Business scope

                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                Shop -3#, No. 101, 1/                                                                             underwriting of government
                F, Podium Building,                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                and Nos. 1603, 1604,                                                                              of non-financial enterprises
                1605, 1606, 1607, 16/                                                                             and financial bonds (including
      Jiangxi   F, Office Building,         November                                   Zheng                      policy-bank bonds) only); margin
10                                                              500        330002                 0791-88288255
      Branch    Publishing Center,           3, 2014                                  Chengbin                    financing and securities lending
                No. 95 Lijing Road,                                                                               business; agency sale of securities


                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
                Honggutan District,                                                                               investment funds; intermediary
                Nanchang City,                                                                                    introduction business for the
                Jiangxi Province                                                                                  futures companies; agency
                                                                                                                  sale of financial products;
                                                                                                                  management of securities
                                                                                                                  branches at Jiangxi.

                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                  investment consulting; margin
                                                                                                                  financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                  business; agency sale of securities
                Units 1, 2, 3 and 4, 15/
                                                                                                                  investment funds; intermediary
                F, Block B, Enterprise
                                                                                                                  introduction business for the



                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                Square, No. 125
     Liaoning                                                                                                     futures companies; agency
11              Qingnian Street,            June 3, 2011        500         110004    Chen Min     024-31881777
      Branch                                                                                                      sale of financial products;
                Shenhe District,
                                                                                                                  securities underwriting (limited
                Shenyang City,




                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                                                                  to underwriting of government
                Liaoning Province
                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                  financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                  bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                No. 90 Zhongshan                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
      Nanjing   Road East, Qinhuai                                                      Wang                      of non-financial enterprises




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
12                                          April 9, 2010      2,000       210002                 025-84791077
      Branch    District, Nanjing,                                                    Yansheng                    and financial bonds (including
                Jiangsu Province                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                Fangtian Building,                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
     Nantong    No. 6 Yaogang Road,                                                                               of non-financial enterprises
13                                          May 28, 2010        500        226000     Ruan Jing   0513-85529888
      Branch    Nantong, Jiangsu                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                Province                                                                                          policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                  Securities brokerage; securities




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                  investment consulting; securities
                Rooms 2101, 2102,
                                                                                                                  underwriting (limited to
                2103, 2104, Block A,
                                                                                                                  underwriting of government
                Yinfeng Fortune
                                                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
                Plaza, No. 1 West
     Shandong                                                                                                     of non-financial enterprises
14              Long’ao Road,               April 16, 2014     2,000       250061     Xie Feng    0531-55686555
      Branch                                                                                                      and financial bonds (including
                Longdong Street,
                                                                                                                  policy-bank bonds) only);
                Lixia District, Jinan
                                                                                                                  margin financing and securities
                City, Shandong
                                                                                                                  lending business; agency sale
                Province
                                                                                                                  of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                  agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                        417
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                       Registered
                                                                       capital (or
                                                         Date of        working                  Person in        Contact
           No    Name             Address             establishment     capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           Room 2201, No. 18                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                Shanghai   Dongfang Road,                                                           Lu                         of non-financial enterprises
           15                                          May 28, 2010       500        200120                    021-28972296
                 Branch    China (Shanghai)                                                     Chunguang                      and financial bonds (including
                           Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                           8A, Fund Mansion,
                                                                                                                               contracting); securities
                           No. 5999, Yitian
                Shenzhen                                                                                                       investment consulting; margin
           16              Road, Lianhua              March 19, 2012      500        518048     Fei Yangwen    0755-23895899
                 Branch                                                                                                        financing and securities lending
                           Street, Futian District,
                                                                                                                               business; agency sale of securities
                           Shenzhen
                                                                                                                               investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                               financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                           Rooms 2503, 2504,
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                           2505, 2506, 2507
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                           and 2508, 25/F,
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           Unit 1, Building 1,
                                                                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                           China Overseas
                Sichuan                                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises
           17              Chinese Financial           May 19, 2012       500         610091       Li Hui      028-81255398
                Branch                                                                                                         and financial bonds (including
                           Center, No. 33, Jiaozi
                                                                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                           Avenue, Hitech Zone,
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                           Chengdu, China
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                           (Sichuan) Pilot Free
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                           Trade Zone
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           4/F & 5/F, No.                                                                                      bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Suzhou    102 Xinshi Road,                                                                                    of non-financial enterprises
           18                                          May 28, 2010       500        215000     Liu Xiaobing   0512-67579666
                 Branch    Canglang District,                                                                                  and financial bonds (including
                           Suzhou                                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           No. 22, Yingchun                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Taizhou   Road West, Hailing                                                     Liang                        of non-financial enterprises
           19                                         August 4, 2014     2,000       225300                    0523-86234237
                 Branch    District, Taizhou,                                                    Qiuming                       and financial bonds (including
                           Jiangsu Province                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                           Block C-I, 5/F, North                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Tianjin   Finance Building, No.                                                                               of non-financial enterprises
           20                                          May 28, 2010       500         300211    Zhang Feng     022-59657718
                 Branch    5 Youyi Avenue, Hexi                                                                                and financial bonds (including
                           District, Tianjin                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.




418
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                               Registered
                                                               capital (or
                                                Date of         working                 Person in     Contact
No     Name              Address             establishment      capital)     Zip code    charge       number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                                                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
                   No. 325, Jiefang
                                                                                                                    of non-financial enterprises
21   Wuxi Branch   Road West, Wuxi,           June 11, 2014      2,000       214000     Geng Kun    0510-82723020
                                                                                                                    and financial bonds (including
                   Jiangsu Province
                                                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale



                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; agency
                   Room 21401, Unit 2,                                                                              sale of securities investment
                   Building 2, CROSS                                                                                funds; margin financing and
                   Wanxianghui, No.                                                                                 securities lending; agency
     Northwest     21 Gaoxin Six Road,                                                                              sale of financial products;
22                                           August 5, 2019        –         710000     Liu Ming     029-88811161
      Branch       Zhangba Sub-                                                                                     securities underwriting (limited
                   district Office, High-                                                                           to underwriting of government
                   Tech Zone, Xi’an,                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                   Shaanxi Province                                                                                 of non-financial enterprises and




                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                    financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                    financial bonds) only).

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities



                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
                   1-1601, Building 6                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                   (previously 9), Area                                                                             underwriting of government
                   3, Financial Service                                                                             bonds, debt financing instruments
       Xuzhou      Center, Huaihai                                                                                  of non-financial enterprises
23                                            April 16, 2014     2,000        221001     Li Yijun   0516-85695618
       Branch      Economic Zone,                                                                                   and financial bonds (including
                   No. 1 Qinjun Road,                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                   Yunlong District,                                                                                margin financing and securities
                   Xuzhou City                                                                                      lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                   Room 201, Building                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
     Yancheng      6, Financial City, No.                                                Dong                       of non-financial enterprises
24                                           March 24, 2014      2,000       224002                 0515-88216888
      Branch       5 Century Avenue,                                                    Kaisong                     and financial bonds (including
                   Yancheng City                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                   2015, 2016, 2017,                                                                                investment consulting; securities
                   2113, 2114, 2115, 2116,                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                   2117, 2118, 2201, 2202,                                                                          underwriting of government




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                   2219, 2220, 2221,                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
      Yangzhou     2222, 2223, 2224,                                                                                of non-financial enterprises
25                                           August 4, 2014      2,000       225001     Ji Chunbo   0514-82196688
       Branch      Block 6, Changjian                                                                               and financial bonds (including
                   Square, No.276                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                   Jinghuacheng Road,                                                                               margin financing and securities




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                   Hanjiang District,                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                   Yangzhou City                                                                                    of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                         419
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                  Registered
                                                                  capital (or
                                                    Date of        working                 Person in      Contact
           No    Name            Address         establishment     capital)     Zip code    charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                        Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                        investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                        sale of securities investment
                           2505B-2508, 25/F,
                                                                                                                        funds; margin financing and
                           China Merchants
                                                                                                                        securities lending business;
                           Bank Tower, No. 1
                 Yunnan                           February 25,                                                          agency sale of financial products;
           26              Chongren Street,                          500        650021     He Sijiang   0871-65951990
                 Branch                              2014                                                               securities underwriting (limited
                           Wuhua District,
                                                                                                                        to underwriting of government
                           Kunming, Yunnan
                                                                                                                        bonds, debt financing instruments
                           Province
                                                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                        financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                        bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                        Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                        investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                        sale of securities investment
                           Rooms 2801-2808,
                                                                                                                        funds; margin financing and
                           Xingguangcheng,
                                                                                                                        securities lending business;
                           No.1766 Binsheng
                Zhejiang                                                                                                agency sale of financial products;
           27              Road, Changhe         March 25, 2013      500        310052      Li Xiang    0571-86698700
                 Branch                                                                                                 securities underwriting (limited
                           Street, Binjiang
                                                                                                                        to underwriting of government
                           District, Hangzhou,
                                                                                                                        bonds, debt financing instruments
                           Zhejiang Province
                                                                                                                        of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                        financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                        bank bonds) only).




420
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024
2. Number and Distribution of Securities Branches of the Company

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the number and distribution of securities branches of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                                   Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                     of securities      of person in
 No.   Province       City                  Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                1/F, Building 5, Commercial Building
                                 Securities Branch in Xiyou     of Yiyuan Shijia, No. 888 Xiyou
  1                                                                                                     230022        Hu Longqi       0551-65175008
                                 Road, Hefei                    Road, Bijiashan Street, Shushan
                                                                District, Hefei City, Anhui Province
                     Hefei


                                                                                                                                                                About Us
                                                                4F, Block C, Chuangxin
                                 Securities Branch in           Department, No. 2760,
  2                                                                                                     230088       Fan Huijuan      0551-62686969
                                 Chuangxin Road, Hefei          Chuangxin Road, High-tech
                                                                District, Hefei City, Anhui Province
                                 Securities Branch in Hudong    No. 1046, Hudong Middle Road,
  3               Ma’anshan                                                                             243000     Gao Guosheng        0555-2963619
        Anhui                    Middle Road, Ma’anshan         Huashan District, Ma’anshan City
                                                                Nos. 1112 & 1114, Commercial
                                 Securities Branch in Fengle    Block S3, No. 1118 Fengle Avenue
 4                 Chuzhou                                                                              239001        Lu Rudong        0550-3019976
                                 Avenue, Chuzhou                (Yutianxia South Garden),
                                                                Chuzhou City, Anhui Province
                                                                Shop 142, 1/F, No. 203A, 2/F, Huijin
                                                                Building, Tongling Trade Building,
                                 Securities Branch in Huaihe



                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
 5                 Tongling                                     Middle Section of Huaihe Avenue,        244000         Hu Jing         0562-2801988
                                 Avenue, Tongling
                                                                Tongguan District, Tongling City,
                                                                Anhui Province




                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                                 Securities Branch in           Units 101 (inside 102), 201, 1-2/F,
 6                               Dongsanhuan North Road,        Building 27, Dongsanhuan North          100062      Tang Shengrui      010-59725337
                                 Beijing                        Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                                                Rooms 901, 902, 903, 911, 912, 9/
                                 Securities Branch in Suzhou
  7                                                             F, Weiya Building, No. 29 Suzhou        100080       Feng Chao         010-62523799
                                 Street, Beijing
                                                                Street, Haidian District, Beijing
                                 Securities Branch in
                                                                103, 1/F and 403, 404, 405, 4/F,
                                 International Finance and
 8                                                              No. 87 Xisanhuan North Road,            100048        Liu Zhifeng      010-68733735
                                 Economy Center, Xisanhuan,
                                                                Haidian District, Beijing
                                 Beijing
                                                                Room 501, 5/F, Block F, Room




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                 Securities Branch in Yonghe    116, 1/F, & Room 216, 2/F, Block D,
 9                                                                                                      100007     Zhao Youqiang       010-84273989
                                 Temple, Beijing                No. 28 Andingmen East Street,
        Beijing     Beijing                                     Dongcheng District, Beijing
                                                                3/F Wanfeng Yihe Business Club,
                                 Securities Branch in Yuetan
 10                                                             No. 12A Yuetan South Street,            100045      Zhang Zhiqun       010-68058688
                                 South Street, Beijing
                                                                Xicheng District, Beijing
                                                                Room 107, 1/F, Room 309, 3/F, No.
                                 Securities Branch in Xueyuan
  11                                                            62 Xueyuan South Road, Haidian           100081      Li Minghuan       010-82263313
                                 South Road, Beijing
                                                                District, Beijing
                                                                No. D1003, 10/F (inside 101), 1/F,
                                 Securities Branch in           Building 1, No. 1 Yard, Tianchen
 12                                                                                                      100081     Chen Haojun        18936880087
                                 Tianchen East Road, Beijing    East Road, Chaoyang District,
                                                                Beijing
                                                                Unit 02, inside 501, 5/F, No. 77,
                                 Securities Branch in Jianguo
 13                                                             Jianguo Road, Chaoyang District,         100081       Zhao Zhe         010-65055695




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
                                 Road, Beijing
                                                                Beijing
                                                                No. 87, Huanghe Street, Xitu
                                 Securities Branch in
 14                                                             Hightech Zone, Baotou City, Inner       014040      Cao Mingdong       0472-4136027
                                 Huanghe Street, Baotou
                                                                Mongolia Autonomous Region
                    Baotou




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
                                                                2/F, No. 15 Gangtie Street, Qingshan
                                 Securities Branch in Gangtie
 15                                                             District, Baotou City, Inner Mongolia    014010       Ma Xiaoju        0472-6867886
                                 Street, Baotou
        Inner                                                   Autonomous Region
       Mongolia                                                 No. 1, 1-2/F, Orient Restaurant,
                                                                West Area of Tuanjie Community,
                                 Securities Branch in Xinhua    Xinhua East Street, Yingxin Road,
 16                 Hohhot                                                                               010010       Shi Saihua       0471-3251992
                                 East Street, Hohhot            Xincheng District, Hohhot City,
                                                                Inner Mongolia Autonomous
                                                                Region
                                                                Unit 0-103A, Commercial Podium
                                                                of Office Building (1/F), Zhongjiao
                                 Securities Branch in Ziqiang
 17     Hebei     Shijiazhuang                                  Fortune Center T1/T2, No. 118           050051       Han Jiancai       0311-66788203
                                 Road, Shijiazhuang
                                                                Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District,
                                                                Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province




                                                                                                                                                       421
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                            Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                              of securities      of person in
           No.    Province     City                 Name                              Address                    Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                         19/F, Block 3, Zhengxiang Center,
                                         Securities Branch in North
           18                 Fuzhou                                     No. 153 North Wuyi Road, Shuibu         350009         Peng Fei       0591-88035766
                                         Wuyi Road, Fuzhou
                                                                         Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou City
                                                                         Units 705-707, Building 1, Zhongjun
                                         Securities Branch in Jinhuai
           19                Quanzhou                                    Square, No. 16 Jinhuai Street, Fengze   362000      Jiang Yongjun      0595-22187188
                                         Street, Quanzhou
                                                                         District, Quanzhou, Fujian Province
                                                                         Rooms 201 & 202, Unit One, Block
                   Fujian
                                         Securities Branch in Xiahe      B, Haiyi Building, No. 668 Xiahe
           20                 Xiamen                                                                             361004       Lv Yuexiang       0592-2997398
                                         Road, Xiamen                    Road, Siming District, Xiamen
                                                                         City
                                                                         Room 101, Room 403, Room 404,
                                         Securities Branch in Shuixian   Building B, No. 88 Shuixian Street,
           21                Zhangzhou                                                                           363000       Liu Huafeng      0596-2900350
                                         Avenue, Zhangzhou               Longwen District, Zhangzhou
                                                                         City, Fujian Province
                                                                         Units 1203-1206, 12/F, Huaya
                                                                         Financial Center, No. 8 Denghu
                                         Securities Branch in Denghu
           22                 Foshan                                     East Road, Guicheng Street,             528200        Yang Siyu       0757-29808978
                                         East Road, Foshan
                                                                         Nanhai District, Foshan City
                                                                         (subject to domicile declaration)
                                                                         17/F (self-edited rooms 05,
                                         Securities Branch in Zhujiang   06 and 07), No. 15 Zhujiang
           23                                                                                                    510000        Wu Shiyan        020-37279969
                                         West Avenue, Guangzhou          West Avenue, Tianhe District,
                                                                         Guangzhou City
                                                                         Rooms 2304, 2305, 2306 and
                                         Securities Branch in Pazhou
           24                                                            2307, No. 109 Pazhou Avenue,            510440      Zhu Daoming        020-39213388
                                         Avenue, Guangzhou
                                                                         Haizhu District, Guangzhou City
                                         Securities Branch in Middle     Rooms 3205 and 3206, No. 307
           25                            Guangzhou Avenue,               Middle Guangzhou Avenue,                510220      Shi Hongyang       020-37634314
                                         Guangzhou                       Yuexiu District, Guangzhou City
                                                                         04, 05, 06, 25/F, No. 13
                                         Securities Branch in Haizhu
           26                                                            Qiaoguang West Road, Yuexiu             510060          Liu Li         020-83846159
                             Guangzhou   Plaza, Guangzhou
                                                                         District, Guangzhou City
                                                                         Rooms 906-911, No. 222-3,
                                         Securities Branch in Xingmin
           27                                                            Xingmin Road, Tianhe District,          510620         Lin Hao         020-89286707
                                         Road, Guangzhou
                                                                         Guangzhou
                                                                         Units 03-1, 05, 06 and 07, 36/F,
                                                                         Yuehai Tianhecheng Building
                                         Securities Branch in
           28                                                            (namely, Tianhecheng East               510620         Tang Jia        020-22031389
                                         Tianhecheng, Guangzhou
                                                                         Tower), No. 208 Tianhe Road,
                                                                         Tianhe District, Guangzhou City

                 Guangdong               Securities Branch in            Units 201, 202, 203, 204, 205, No.
           29                            Yuncheng East Road,             561 Yuncheng East Road, Baiyun          510420       Luo Fanglin       020-86273767
                                         Guangzhou                       District, Guangzhou City
                                                                         Room 3303, Building 2,
                                         Securities Branch in            International Trade Center, No. 1
           30                Dongguan    Dongguan International          Hongfu East Road, Dongcheng             523000       Wang Lijun       0769-22827993
                                         Trade Center                    Street, Dongguan City,
                                                                         Guangdong Province
                                                                         No. 2 of Unit 01, 1/F, Block 3,
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                         Zima Benteng Square, No. 2
           31                Zhongshan   Zhongshan Fifth Road,                                                   528403        Liao Xiwu       0760-89823338
                                                                         Zhongshan Fifth Road, Eastern
                                         Zhongshan
                                                                         District, Zhongshan City
                                                                         Rooms 103 and 202, North Tower,
                                                                         China Resources Building,
                                         Securities Branch in
           32                 Shantou                                    No. 95 Changping Road,                   515041        Chen Yu        0754-89898179
                                         Changping Road, Shantou
                                                                         Longhu District, Shantou City,
                                                                         Guangdong Province
                                                                         Rooms 101, 102, 201, 202, 301
                                                                         and 402, Building B7, Qianhai
                                                                         Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund
                                         Securities Branch in Qianhai,   Town, No. 128 Guiwan Fifth
           33                                                                                                     518031      Cheng Tao        0755-25889919
                                         Shenzhen                        Road, Nanshan Sub-district,
                             Shenzhen                                    Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong
                                                                         Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen
                                                                         City
                                                                         1/F & 2/F, Block 3, Fuyuan Building,
                                         Securities Branch in Caitian
           34                                                            No. 2014-9 Caitian Road, Futian         518026       Ma Jianmin       0755-82993655
                                         Road, Shenzhen
                                                                         District, Shenzhen City




422
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                               Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                 of securities      of person in
No.    Province     City                Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                             Rooms L1805 & L1806, China
                             Securities Branch in China      Resources Building, No. 2666
35                           Resources Building, Keyuan      Keyuan South Road, Haizhu              518059       Li Xiaoshan      0755-86270363
                             South Road, Shenzhen            Community, Yuehai Sub-district,
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen
                                                             101S & 102S, Block 2, Vanke Times
                                                             Square, Shangjing Community,
                             Securities Branch in            Longcheng Subdistrict,
36                                                                                                   518172        Ye Qing        0755-85205902
                             Longgang Avenue, Shenzhen       Longgang District, Shenzhen City
                                                             (at the junction of Longgang


                                                                                                                                                            About Us
                                                             Avenue and Longcheng Avenue)
                                                             33/F, East Tower, Baidu
                             Securities Branch in Baidu
                                                             International Building, Xuefu
37                           International Building,                                                518040        Gao Jian        0755-82531008
                                                             Road East, Yuehai Street,
                             Keyuan Road, Shenzhen
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen City
                                                             Room 2501A, Block B, Phase I
                                                             Donghai International Center,
                             Securities Branch in Shennan    No. 7888 Shennan Road,
38                                                                                                  518040     Cao Mengming       0755-82719339
                             Avenue, Shenzhen                Donghai Community, Xiangmihu
                                                             Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                             City




                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                             Rooms 2904, 2905 and 2906,
                                                             Block D, China Resources Land
                             Securities Branch in China
                                                             Building, No. 19 Kefa Road,
39                           Resources Land Building,                                               518057        Song Tao        0755-25870808
                                                             Dachong Community, Yuehai
                             Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen



                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                             Sub-district, Nanshan District,
                                                             Shenzhen
      Guangdong   Shenzhen
                                                             BC, 9/F, Block A, CIS Commercial
                             Securities Branch in Hongli     Center, No. 1061 Xiangmei Road,
40                                                                                                  518000        Gu Guoxu        0755-82027636
                             Road, Shenzhen                  Xiangmihu Street, Futian District,
                                                             Shenzhen City
                             Securities Branch in Fund       8B, Fund Building, No. 5999 Yitian
41                           Building, Shennan Avenue,       Road, Lianhua Street, Futian           518053        Xiao Kang        0755-23819115
                             Shenzhen                        District, Shenzhen City
                                                             Rooms 2201-2212 & 2501-2512,
                             Securities Branch in            Building A, Rongchao Business




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
42                           Rongchao Business Center,       Center, No. 6003 Yitian Road,          518026        Wu Sheng        0755-83767506
                             Yitian Road, Shenzhen           Fuxin Community, Lianhua Street,
                                                             Futian District, Shenzhen City
                                                             Flats 02, 03, 04, 17/F, China Travel
                             Securities Branch in Yitian     Service HK Building, No. 4011
43                                                                                                  518048       Shen Jiayan      0755-82766159
                             Road, Shenzhen                  Shennan Avenue, Futian District,
                                                             Shenzhen City
                                                             Units 04 and 05, 70/F, Ping An
                                                             Finance Center, No. 5033 Yitian
                             Securities Branch in Ping An
44                                                           Road, Fu’an Community, Futian           518041    Wang Shaolian      0755-36996090
                             Finance Center, Shenzhen
                                                             Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                             City
                                                             Units 1203, 1205 and 1206,
                                                             Xizhilang Building, No. 3033
                             Securities Branch in Zhongxin
45                                                           Zhongxin Road, Weilan Coast            518048       Chen Shun         0755-27247971




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                             Road, Houhai, Shenzhen
                                                             Community, Yuehai Street,
                                                             Nanshan District, Shenzhen
                                                             Rooms 702-704, 7/F, South
                                                             Office Building, Nanning China
                             Securities Branch in Minzu




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
46                Nanning                                    Resources Center, No. 136-5,           530029        Lin Lianbin      0771-5570215
                             Avenue, Nanning
                                                             Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,
       Guangxi                                               Nanning
                                                             Business office No. 3-2 and
                             Securities Branch in Xidi 3rd   business apartment Nos. 2801-
47                Wuzhou                                                                            543002       Qin Shumin        0774-3862288
                             Road, Wuzhou                    2809, 1/F, No. 19 Xidi 3rd Road,
                                                             Wuzhou City
                                                             Room 3807, 38/F, New Hainan
                             Securities Branch in Guoxing    Building, No. 5 Guoxing Road,
48                 Haikou                                                                            570102        He Ruijin      0898-66202789
                             Road, Haikou                    Meilan District, Haikou City,
                                                             Hainan Province
       Hainan
                                                             Unit 1201, Yangguang Financial
                             Securities Branch in Yingbin    Square, No. 360-1 Yingbin Road,
49                 Sanya                                                                             572021       Zhao Yang       0898-88211669
                             Road, Sanya                     Jiyang District, Sanya City,
                                                             Hainan Province




                                                                                                                                                   423
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                               Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                                 of securities      of person in
           No.    Province         City                  Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                             Room 301, 3/F, Block C, Juxin
                                                                             International, No. 331 Changzhi
                                             Securities Branch in            Road, Xuefu Industrial Park,
           50      Shanxi        Taiyuan                                                                            030001       Wang Guoqi        0351-7775553
                                             Changzhi Road, Taiyuan          Shanxi Transformation
                                                                             Comprehensive Reform
                                                                             Demonstration Zone
                                                                             Guanghui Building, No. 15,
                                             Securities Branch in Jingsan
           51                                                                Jingsan Road, Jinshui District,        450003         Yu Dong        0371-65585009
                                             Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                             Zhengzhou City
                                                                             No. 101, Floors 1-2, Building 1, No.
                                             Securities Branch in Nongye
           52                                                                16, East Nongye Road, Jinshui          450000         Zhou Rui        0371-60958371
                   Henan        Zhengzhou    Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                             District, Zhengzhou City
                                                                             Nos.107 & 305, Kailin Building, No.
                                             Securities Branch in Ruyi       99 Ruyi West Road, Zhengzhou
           53                                                                                                       450008       Xia Mengfei      0371-58670567
                                             West Road, Zhengzhou            District (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot
                                                                             Free Trade Zone
                                                                             No. 15, West 16th Street, Daoli
                                             Securities Branch in West
           54                                                                District, Harbin City, Heilongjiang     150010         Li Yan         0451-51531355
                                             16th Street, Harbin
                                                                             Province
                                  Harbin                                     Floors 1-2, Block B, Aocheng
                                             Securities Branch in Xuanhua    International, No. 239, Xuanhua
           55                                                                                                        150001     Wang Qishen       0451-51998768
                                             Street, Harbin                  Street, Nangang District, Harbin
                                                                             City
                                                                             No. 236, Xiyitiao Road, Xi’an
                                             Securities Branch in Xiyitiao
           56                   Mudanjiang                                   District, Mudanjiang City,              157001       Ma Xiuhui        0453-8111898
                                             Road, Mudanjiang
                 Heilongjiang                                                Heilongjiang Province
                                                                             Zhengyang South 10th Street,
                                             Securities Branch in            No. 3, Zhaodong, Suihua City,
           57                     Suihua     Zhengyang Street,               Heilongjiang Province (Office of        151100       Sun Peng         0455-8182228
                                             Zhaodong, Suihua                ICBC Zhaodong Branch on the
                                                                             2/F)
                                                                             Commercial Service Building S10,
                                             Securities Branch in Xinchao    Xinchao Jiayuan Community
           58                    Daqing                                                                             163400        Zheng Ye         0459-8971477
                                             Street, Daqing                  Phase I, Ranghulu District, Daqing
                                                                             City, Heilongjiang Province
                                             Securities Branch in Minkang    No. 855, Minkang Road, Nanguan
           59                                                                                                        130041      Zhen Maofei       0431-81910599
                                             Road, Changchun                 District, Changchun City
                                Changchun                                    No. 1000, Ziyou Avenue,
                                             Securities Branch in Ziyou
           60                                                                Chaoyang District, Changchun            130021       Guo Jiayin       0431-81919187
                                             Avenue, Changchun
                     Jilin                                                   City
                                                                             Branch No. 7, Dongchang
                                             Securities Branch in Jiefang    Complex Building 2, No. 62
           61                      Jilin                                                                             132001      Zhou Laiying     0432-65128799
                                             East Road, Jilin City           Jiefang East Road, Changyi
                                                                             District, Jilin City, Jilin Province
                                             Securities Branch in Zijin      No. 1, Zijin Road, Anlu City, Hubei
           62                                                                                                       432600        Zou Yizhao       0712-5231718
                                             Road, Anlu                      Province

                                             Securities Branch in Xiyue      Xiyue Avenue, Dawu County,
           63                                                                                                       432800      Chen Junhong       0712-7226466
                                             Avenue, Dawu                    Hubei Province

                                             Securities Branch in Xiannv     No. 215, Xiannv Avenue,
           64                                                                                                       431600        Si Guoyao        0712-8296358
                                             Avenue, Hanchuan                Hanchuan City, Hubei Province

                                 Xiaogan     Securities Branch in            No. 29, Changzheng Road,
           65                                                                                                       432000     Zhang Hongkai       0712-2326827
                                             Changzheng Road, Xiaogan        Xiaogan City, Hubei Province
                                                                             Shop 20, Gucheng Xindu,
                                             Securities Branch in West       Gucheng Avenue, Chengzhong
           66                                                                                                       432400      Zhang Xingxin      0712-3226017
                                             Main Street, Yingcheng          Street, Yingcheng City, Xiaogan
                                                                             City, Hubei Province
                    Hubei
                                             Securities Branch in            No. 1, Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng
           67                                                                                                       432500        Long Nina        0712-4338338
                                             Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng          County, Hubei Province

                                             Securities Branch in Jingui     No. 15, Jingui Avenue, Enshi City,
           68                                                                                                       445000         Feng Bo         0718-8237528
                                             Avenue, Enshi                   Hubei Province

                                             Securities Branch in Yezhou     No. 109, Yezhou Avenue, Yezhou
           69                                                                                                       445300        Chen Yan         0718-3230098
                                             Avenue, Jianshi                 Town, Jianshi County

                                  Enshi                                      No. 5 Chutian Road, Badong
                                             Securities Branch in Chutian    County, Enshi Tujia and Miao
           70                                                                                                       444300     Zhang Zhenqian      0718-8239026
                                             Road, Badong                    Autonomous Prefecture, Hubei
                                                                             Province
                                             Securities Branch in            No. 87, Fengxiang Avenue,
           71                                                                                                       445700       Zhou Bingjie      0718-6288118
                                             Fengxiang Avenue, Laifeng       Laifeng County




424
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                  of securities      of person in
No.   Province      City                 Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                              Rooms 106 and 107, Block 8,
                                                              Nanbin Garden, No. 66 Nanbin
                             Securities Branch in Nanbin
72                 Enshi                                      Avenue, Group 1, Wangjiawan            445400       Qin Xiqiong       0718-7283339
                             Avenue, Lichuan
                                                              Village, Dongcheng Subdistrict
                                                              Office, Lichuan City
                                                              No. 14, Floor 1-2, Building 2,
                             Securities Branch in Middle      Xiangxie Lidu, Middle Jiangjin
73                                                                                                   434000      Zhou Wenting       0716-8249551
                             Jiangjin Road, Jingzhou          Road, Shashi District, Jingzhou
                  Jingzhou                                    City



                                                                                                                                                             About Us
                             Securities Branch in Bijiashan   No. 88, Bijiashan Road, Xiulin
74                                                                                                   434400      Pan Jianping       0716-7298253
                             Road, Shishou                    Agency, Shishou City

                             Securities Branch in
                                                              No. 29, Chaoyang Middle Road,
75                 Shiyan    Chaoyang Middle Road,                                                   442000        Wang Lin         0719-8688188
                                                              Maojian District, Shiyan City
                             Shiyan

                             Securities Branch in Minzu       No. 1 Minzu Avenue, Hongshan
76                                                                                                   430074          Xu Hui         027-87575660
                             Avenue, Wuhan                    District, Wuhan City
                                                              R1, 1/F and R1-R3, 2/F, Shipping
                             Securities Branch in             International Plaza, No. 250
77                                                                                                   430032          Li Pan         027-83632286
                             Jianghan Road, Wuhan             Jianghan Road, Jiang’an District,
                                                              Wuhan City




                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                              Rooms 03 and 04, 1/F, Unit 3,
                             Securities Branch in Youyi       Building 1, Vanke Jinyu Huafu, No.
78                                                                                                   430080        Wang Kai        027-86880966
                             Avenue, Wuhan                    29 Fangji Road, Yangyuan Street,
                                                              Wuchang District, Wuhan City




                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                              A103-A111, 1/F and A205-A208, 2/F,
                  Wuhan                                       Tower A, Huigu Building, No. 768
                             Securities Branch in Gaoxin
79                                                            Gaoxin Avenue, Donghu New              430060       Zhang Suicui      027-88133377
                             Avenue, Wuhan
                                                              Technology Development Zone,
                                                              Wuhan City
                                                              Nos. 02, 03, 05, 10, 37/F (42/F of
       Hubei                                                  elevator), Block T1, and Part Shop
                             Securities Branch in             No. 7, 1/F, Block T3, Phase II of
80                                                                                                   430070       Liu Hongyan       027-87816068
                             Zhongbei Road, Wuhan             Changchenghui, No. 9 Zhongbei
                                                              Road, Wuchang District, Wuhan
                                                              City, Hubei Province




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                             Securities Branch in Xinhua      No. 314, Xinhua Road, Jianghan
81                                                                                                   430015       Zhang Feng       027-85558889
                             Road, Wuhan                      District, Wuhan City
                                                              Block 1, Wall Street, No. 115
                             Securities Branch in Hanjiang    Hanjiang North Road, Fancheng
82               Xiangyang                                                                           441000         Li Qiaoni       0710-3278298
                             North Road, Xiangyang            District, Xiangyang City, Hubei
                                                              Province
                                                              Shops 101 & 102, 1/F and No. 201, 2/
                             Securities Branch in             F, Building 8, No. 91-36 Dongmen
83                                                                                                   438000         Ning Yi         0713-8613915
                             Dongmen Road, Huanggang          Road, Huangzhou District,
                                                              Huanggang City, Hubei Province
                                                              Shops 101-104 and 201-203,
                 Huanggang
                             Securities Branch in Minzhu      Building 3, Guoding Mansion, No.
84                                                                                                   435400         Xu Jian         0713-6758589
                             Road, Wuxue                      138-17 Minzhu Road, Wuxue City,
                                                              Hubei Province




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                             Securities Branch in Ronghui     No. 33, Ronghui Road, Macheng
85                                                                                                   438300         Zou Rui         0713-2772385
                             Road, Macheng                    City, Hubei Province

                             Securities Branch in Zilong      No. 59, Zilong Road, Dangyang
86                                                                                                   444100     Wang Zhenpeng       0717-3252238
                             Road, Dangyang                   City, Hubei Province

                             Securities Branch in Xiling      No. 10, Xiling First Road, Yichang




                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
87                                                                                                   443000      You Jianghua       0717-6229898
                             First Road, Yichang              City
                  Yichang    Securities Branch in             No. 167, Changjiang Avenue,
88                                                                                                   443300        Hu Dewen         0717-4836899
                             Changjiang Avenue, Yidu          Lucheng, Yidu City
                                                              Junction of Tuanjie Road and
                             Securities Branch in Park
89                                                            Park Road, Majiadian, Zhijiang         443200        Yang Run         0718-4200539
                             Road, Zhijiang
                                                              City
                                                              Units 30028-30032, Fuxing
                                                              Commercial Plaza, No. 303,
                             Securities Branch in Furong
90               Changsha                                     Section 1, Furong Middle Road,         410007     Zhan Xiaoqiang     0731-85561098
                             Middle Road, Changsha
                                                              Kaifu District, Changsha City,
       Hunan
                                                              Hunan Province
                                                              Beside to the Local Tax Bureau,
                             Securities Branch in Tianyue
91                Yueyang                                     Tianyue Avenue, Pingjiang              414500      Chen Muyuan        0730-6297006
                             Avenue, Pingjiang, Yueyang
                                                              County, Yueyang City




                                                                                                                                                    425
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
           No.   Province     City                 Name                                Address                    Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                        Rooms 1818, 1819, 1820, Building
                                                                        4, Wanxiang Ruicheng, No.
                                        Securities Branch in Yueyang
           92    Hunan       Yueyang                                    219 Yueyang Avenue West,                  414000       Tang Jingyu       0730-8240599
                                        Avenue, Yueyang
                                                                        Yueyanglou District, Yueyang
                                                                        City
                                                                        2# Hotel of Peace International
                                                                        Hotel, Rooms 107, 803 and 804 of
                                        Securities Branch in Yanjiang
           93                                                           Office Building, No. 69, Yanjiang         330006          Wu Di         0791-86270340
                                        North Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                        North Road, Donghu District,
                                                                        Nanchang City, Jiangxi Province
                                                                        North side of Room 104 and
                            Nanchang
                                                                        Room 204, No. 2 Office and
                                                                        Commerce Building, Xinghehui
                                        Securities Branch in Fenghe
           94    Jiangxi                                                Business Center, No. 1333 Fenghe          330100         Han Tao         0791-83751699
                                        Middle Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                        Middle Avenue, Honggutan New
                                                                        District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi
                                                                        Province
                                                                        Shops 1-1, 1-10, 2-1 and
                                                                        2-10, Building 1, Yangming
                                        Securities Branch in M&A
           95                Ganzhou                                    International Center, Zhangjiang          341000        Liu Jingwei     0797-5886858
                                        Fund Park, Ganzhou
                                                                        New Zone, Zhanggong District,
                                                                        Ganzhou City, Jiangxi Province
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 2, Dongheng Street,
           96                           Dongheng Street,                                                          213003      Zou Wenjuan        0519-81000818
                                                                        Changzhou City
                                        Changzhou

                                        Securities Branch in Heping
           97                                                           No. 9, Heping North Road                  213000         Jing Wei        0519-85522173
                                        North Road, Changzhou
                                                                        Nos. 1-10, 11, 12, 26, 27 and 28,
                                        Securities Branch in Taihu
           98                                                           Fuchen Park, Taihu East Road,             213000         Yan Yao        0519-86921660
                                        East Road, Changzhou
                                                                        Xinbei District, Changzhou City
                            Changzhou
                                                                        A-101 and 201, No. 137 Huayuan
                                        Securities Branch in Huayuan
           99                                                           Street, Wujin District, Changzhou          213159        Yang Lu        0519-86600788
                                        Street, Changzhou
                                                                        City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        Nos. 109, 110, 111 and 112, Building 1,
                                        Securities Branch in
           100                                                          Binhe Xingcheng, Jintan District,         213200       Yao Haitang      0519-82696969
                                        Nanhuan First Road, Jintan
                                                                        Changzhou City
                                        Securities Branch in South
           101                                                          No. 91, South Street, Liyang City         213300       Lin Weinian      0519-85809762
                                        Street, Liyang
                                                                        Shops 1004-1006, and Rooms
                                        Securities Branch in East
           102                                                          801-814, Building 1, Huifeng               223301         Hu Xi         0517-83907888
                                        Huahai Road, Huaian
                                                                        Central Plaza, Huaian City
                                                                         Room 101, Block 1, No. 3
                                        Securities Branch in Fuyu       Fuyu Road, Economic and
           103                                                                                                    223300          Yu Le         0517-84908988
                                        Road, Huaian                    Technological Development
                                                                        Zone, Huaian City
                 Jiangsu                                                Rooms 103 and 104, Building Z02,
                             Huaian     Securities Branch in Hongri
           104                                                          Xin Lian Yi Pin, Zhong Lian One           223400         Kang Le        0517-82660908
                                        Avenue, Lianshui, Huaian
                                                                        City, Lianshui County, Huaian
                                        Securities Branch in Xiangyu
                                                                        No. 1007 Xiangyu Avenue, Huaian
           105                          Avenue, Huai’an District,                                                 223200        Li Naigen        0517-85198077
                                                                        District, Huaian City
                                        Huaian
                                                                        No. 45, Huaihe East Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Huaihe
           106                                                          Xucheng Town, Xuyi County,                 211700     Wang Xinyan        0517-88215061
                                        East Road, Xuyi, Huaian
                                                                        Huaian City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        No. 218-13, Zhenzhu North Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Zhenzhu    Economic Development Zone,
           107                                                                                                     211200     Wu Chunpeng        025-56235323
                                        North Road, Lishui              Lishui District, Nanjing City,
                                                                        Jiangsu Province
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        Room 1901, No. 39 Qingliangmen,
           108                          Qingliangmen Street,                                                      210036      Zhang Haiqiao      025-86586116
                                                                        Gulou District, Nanjing City
                                        Nanjing
                             Nanjing    Securities Branch in            1/F & 2/F, No. 99 Changjiang
           109                                                                                                    210005         Xing Qin        025-84798478
                                        Changjiang Road, Nanjing        Road, Nanjing City
                                                                        No. 188-6, Baota Road, Chunxi
                                        Securities Branch in Baota
           110                                                          Town, Gaochun District, Nanjing            211300        Jiang Lai       025-56816719
                                        Road, Gaochun, Nanjing
                                                                        City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        No. 6, Wenlan Road, Xianlin
                                        Securities Branch in Wenlan
           111                                                          University Town, Qixia District,          210024        Li Boyang        025-58010075
                                        Road, Nanjing
                                                                        Nanjing




426
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                            Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                              of securities      of person in
No.   Province     City                Name                              Address                 Zip code      branches             charge



                            Securities Branch in Lushan     No. 168, Lushan Road, Jianye
112                                                                                              210029      Yao Yuechuan       025-83539779
                            Road, Nanjing                   District, Nanjing City
                                                            12/F, Block N, Nanjing Zendai
                            Securities Branch in Minzhi
113                                                         Hima Centre, No. 2 Minzhi Road,      210002        Li Guoping       025-86895618
                            Road, Nanjing
                                                            Yuhuatai District, Nanjing
                                                            Rooms 801-805, Building 8,
                            Securities Branch in
                                                            Fortune Plaza II, No. 228 Tianyuan
114                         Tianyuan East Road,                                                   211100       Hou Jiarui       025-83389130
                                                            East Road, Chunhua Street,
                            Jiangning, Nanjing
                                                            Jiangning, Nanjing City


                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                                                            Room 202A, Guanghua Building,
                            Securities Branch in
115                                                         No. 39 Daguang Road, Qinhuai          210016         Li Ying       025-84636866
                            Daguang Road, Nanjing
                                                            District, Nanjing City
                            Securities Branch in            9/F, Building 1, No. 12 Xiongzhou
116                         Xiongzhou West Road, Liuhe,     West Road, Xiongzhou Street,          211500     Xie Xiangshun      025-57115051
                            Nanjing                         Liuhe District, Nanjing City
                                                            12/F, Building A, Yunmi City, No.
                            Securities Branch in            19 Ningshuang Road, Yuhuatai
117                                                                                              210007       Xu Minfeng       025-84480958
                            Ningshuang Road, Nanjing        District, Nanjing City, Jiangsu
                                                            Province
                            The Second Securities           Room 801, Panda Building, No. 301




                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
118                         Branch in Zhongshan East        Zhongshan East Road, Xuanwu          210008     Jiang Xianming      025-84701234
                            Road, Nanjing                   District, Nanjing City
                 Nanjing    Securities Branch in
119                                                         No. 26, Zhimaying, Nanjing City      210004       Wang Huan         025-52210618




                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                            Zhimaying, Nanjing

                            Securities Branch in            No. 255, Zhonghua Road, Nanjing
120                                                                                               210001      Yang Haikun       025-52238618
                            Zhonghua Road, Nanjing          City, Jiangsu Province

                            Securities Branch in Huatai
                                                            25/F, No. 90 East Zhongshan
121                         Securities Building, East                                            210009        Xu Yiping        025-84718112
                                                            Road, Qinhuai District, Nanjing
                            Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
                                                            Room 902, 9/F, Building
                                                            D, Nanjing Yangtze River
                            Securities Branch in Zhenghe    International Shipping Center,
122                                                                                              210003      Chu Dongbing       025-83539292
                            Middle Road, Nanjing            No. 118, Zhenghe Middle Road; No.
      Jiangsu                                               3-15-2, Yongning Street, Gulou




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                                            District, Nanjing
                                                            South Side of 1/F, Block
                                                            A1, Jiangning Jiulonghu
                            Securities Branch in Suyuan     International Corporate
123                         Avenue, Jiangning District,     Headquarters Park, No. 19 Suyuan      210037        Tao Kan         025-83581116
                            Nanjing                         Avenue, Jiangning Economic
                                                            and Technological Development
                                                            Zone, Nanjing City
                                                            Room 3004, Building 1, No. 11
                            Securities Branch in Pukou
124                                                         Pukou Avenue, Jiangpu Street,        210032       Ma Qiaoping       025-83176012
                            Avenue, Nanjing
                                                            Pukou District, Nanjing
                                                            No. 231, Changjiang Road,
                            Securities Branch in
125                                                         Haimen Town, Haimen City,            226100          Xu Ke         0513-82227766
                            Changjiang Road, Haimen
                                                            Jiangsu Province
                            Securities Branch in Middle     No. 93, Middle Changjiang Road,




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
126                         Changjiang Road, Hai’an,        Hai’an Town, Hai’an County,          226600        Zhai Jiping     0513-88856678
                            Nantong                         Nantong City, Jiangsu Province
                                                            Rooms 2404-2405, South
                            Securities Branch in
127                                                         Building, Harmony City, No. 57       226000         Gu Zhun         0513-85126758
                            Gongnong Road, Nantong




                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                                                            Gongnong Road, Nantong City
                                                            East half of the 2/F, Jinxin
                            Securities Branch in Middle     Building, No. 79, Middle Renmin
128                                                                                              226001     Wang Yongsheng      0513-85123188
                 Nan Tong   Renmin Road, Nantong            Road, Chongchuan District,
                                                            Nantong City
                                                            Southern section of the 4/F,
                            Securities Branch in Jianghai   Room 101, Zhongyang Plaza, No. 2
129                                                                                              226400       Shi Shushu       0513-84883333
                            Road, Rudong, Nantong           East Jianghai Road, Chengzhong
                                                            Street, Rudong County
                            Securities Branch in            Room 101, Block 2, Jinhaiyuan,
130                         Shanghai East Road,             Development Zone, Nantong            226009         Zhu Bing       0513-85895597
                            Nantong                         City

                            Securities Branch in New        Office 01B-2, No. 170, New
131                         Century Avenue, Tongzhou,       Century Avenue, High-tech Zone,      226300           Ji Xi        0513-81692959
                            Nantong                         Nantong




                                                                                                                                                427
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                        Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                          of securities      of person in
           No.   Province     City                Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge



                                       Securities Branch in           No. 6, Yaogang Road, Nantong
           132                                                                                               226006         Sha Fei        0513-85580999
                                       Yaogang Road, Nantong          City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                      No. 505, Middle Renmin Road,
                                       Securities Branch in Middle
           133                                                        Huilong Town, Qidong City,             226200        Yao Liang       0513-83652208
                                       Renmin Road, Qidong
                            Nan Tong                                  Jiangsu Province
                                                                      Rooms 2-1 & 2-2, Complex
                                       Securities Branch in Fushou    Building, Chengjian Jiayuan
           134                                                                                               226500        Jiang Nan       0513-87335888
                                       Road, Rugao                    Phase III, Rucheng Town, Rugao
                                                                      City, Jiangsu Province
                                       Securities Branch in           No. 18, Jinshajiang Road,
           135                                                                                               215500       Zhang Zhen       0512-67579766
                                       Jinshajiang Road, Changshu     Changshu City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                      Room 3-1, 1/F and Room 20, 3/
                                       Securities Branch in
                                                                      F, Building 3, Yujing Mansion,
           136                         Heilongjiang North Road,                                              215300        Liu Xinglin      0512-55219166
                                                                      No. 8 Heilongjiang North Road,
                                       Kunshan
                                                                      Kunshan Development Zone
                                       Securities Branch in           No. 1359, Ganjiang West Road,
           137                                                                                               215004        Lu Renyan        0512-68270515
                                       Ganjiang West Road, Suzhou     Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                      2/F, Building 2, Jinri Jiayuan (No.
                                       Securities Branch in Heshan
           138                                                        56, Heshan Road), Hightech             215000        Zhang Lin       0512-68785488
                                       Road, Suzhou
                                                                      Zone, Suzhou City
                                       Securities Branch in Renmin    No. 1925, Renmin Road, Suzhou
           139                                                                                                215001         Pan Yi        0512-52895998
                                       Road, Suzhou                   City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                      29A, Modern Media Plaza, No.
                                       Securities Branch in East
           140                                                        265 East Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou         215028         Li Xinran      0512-67248873
                                       Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou
                                                                      Industrial Park
                                                                      No. 102, Xinshi Road, Canglang
                                       Securities Branch in Xinshi
           141                                                        District, Suzhou City, Jiangsu         215007       Guo Hengxi        0512-65187816
                                       Road, Suzhou
                                                                      Province
                                                                      1-2/F, Building 1, No. 36, Taiping
                             Suzhou    Securities Branch in Taiping
           142                                                        South Road, Chengxiang Town,           215400        Liu Lihong      0512-53589559
                                       South Road, Taicang
                                                                      Taicang City
                                                                      Room 107, Huiying Mansion,
                                       Securities Branch in           Financial Business Center, North
           143   Jiangsu               Guangzhou Road, Shengze        Side of Chenjiaqiao Village Road,      215228      Fan Xiaofeng       0512-63910061
                                       Town, Wujiang                  Xincheng District, Shengze Town,
                                                                      Wujiang District, Suzhou City
                                       Securities Branch in Middle    No. 251, Middle Changjiang Road,
           144                         Changjiang Road, Jingang       Jingang Town, Zhangjiagang             215633      Wang Guohua       0512-56767800
                                       Town, Zhangjiagang             City, Jiangsu Province

                                       Securities Branch in Yangshe
           145                                                        No. 2, Yangshe Road East               215600         Lu Rong         0512-58127000
                                       East Road, Zhangjiagang
                                                                      Rooms 106, 111,112 on 1/F and
                                                                      Rooms 202 & 203 on 2/F,
                                       Securities Branch in           Wuzhong Commercial Center,
           146                                                                                                215104       Sun Qiang       0512-66021886
                                       Wuzhong Avenue, Suzhou         Building 1, No. 198 Su Street, Yuexi
                                                                      Sub-district, Wuzhong Economic
                                                                      Development Zone, Suzhou
                                       Securities Branch in Gaoxin    Nos. 946 and 948, Gaoxin Road,
           147                         Road, Wujiang District,        Songling Town, Wujiang District,       215200        Zhao Yang       0512-63956208
                                       Suzhou                         Suzhou City
                                                                      No. 23, East Avenue, Luotang
                                       Securities Branch in East
           148                                                        Street, Jiangyan District, Taizhou     225500      Miao Genping      0523-88209518
                                       Street, Jiangyan
                                                                      City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                      101, Block A3, Financial Business
                                       Securities Branch in Fuyang
           149                                                        District, No. 2 Fuyang Road,           214500       Wu Haojun        0523-89101088
                                       Road, Jingjiang
                                                                      Jingjiang City
                                                                      D106 & D206, Hotel Building 4,
                                       Securities Branch in Guoqing
           150              Taizhou                                   Qingyun Garden, Taixing City,          225400         Tao Jin        0523-87095597
                                       West Road, Taixing
                                                                      Jiangsu Province
                                       Securities Branch in
                                                                      2/F, Building 3, No. 288 Yongding
           151                         Yongding East Road,                                                   225300          Ji Tao        0523-86985597
                                                                      East Road, Taizhou City
                                       Gaogang, Taizhou

                                       Securities Branch in Middle
                                                                      No. 198, Middle Yingwu Road,
           152                         Yingwu Road, Xinghua,                                                 225700        Cai Li’ang      0523-83256333
                                                                      Xinghua City, Jiangsu province
                                       Taizhou

                                       Securities Branch in Futai     5/F, New Baiye Square, No. 8
           153                Wuxi                                                                            214421       Zhang Ye        0510-86837528
                                       Road, Jiangyin                 Futai Road, Jiangyin City




428
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                                  Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                    of securities      of person in
No.   Province      City                  Name                                Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                               Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 680, Huandong Road, Huashi
154                            Huandong Road, Huashi                                                    214421    Chen Dongdong       0510-81662778
                                                                Town, Jiangyin City
                               Town, Jiangyin

                               Securities Branch in West        No. 628 Zhouzhuang West
155                            Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,         Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,               214423        Yan Ming         0510-81660113
                               Jiangyin                         Jiangyin City

                               Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 10, Hongqiao North Road,
156                            Hongqiao North Road,                                                     214411     Zhou Junning      0510-81662758
                                                                Changjing Town, Jiangyin City
                               Changjing Town, Jiangyin


                                                                                                                                                               About Us
                               Securities Branch in Yingxiu
                                                                No. 111, Yingxiu Road, Qingyang
157                            Road, Qingyang Town,                                                     214401      Liu Chaohui       0510-86817241
                                                                Town, Jiangyin City
                               Jiangyin

                               Securities Branch in Shenpu      No. 108, Shenpu Road, Lingang
158                 Wuxi                                                                               214443      Huang Yaqiu       0510-81666278
                               Road, Lingang, Jiangyin          Sub-district, Jiangyin City

                               Securities Branch in             1/F, Jiangong Building, No. 56
159                                                                                                    214000        Lu Yunjie       0510-82768155
                               Liangqing Road, Wuxi             Liangqing Road, Wuxi City

                               Securities Branch in Jiefang     No. 327, Jiefang West Road, Wuxi
160                                                                                                    214000        Tang Kai        0510-82722975
                               West Road, Wuxi                  City
                                                                101B, No. 15 Financial First Street,
                               Securities Branch in Financial




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
161                                                             Taihu Street, Binhu District, Wuxi      214123        Yi Zilong      0510-85065672
                               First Street, Wuxi
                                                                City
                                                                102-2, 103-2, Building 1, Huiye
                               Securities Branch in Hefeng
162                                                             Business Plaza, No. 32 Hefeng           214021       Dong Jun         0510-85045101




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                               Road, Wuxi
                                                                Road, Xinwu District, Wuxi City
                               Securities Branch in Jiefang     No. 177, Jiefang East Road,
163                                                                                                    214299         Wan Lei        0510-80793526
                               East Road, Yixing                Yicheng Sub-district, Yixing City

                               Securities Branch in             No. 69, Tongguan South Road,
164              Lianyungang   Tongguan South Road,             Haizhou District, Lianyungang          222001        Wang Lei        0518-85519068
                               Lianyungang                      City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                Room 101-2-1, Financial and
                               Securities Branch in             Insurance Building, South Side
165                            Yongkang Road, Shuyang,          of Suzhou Road and West Side           223600      Feng Lingtong     0527-87880259
      Jiangsu                  Suqian                           of Yongkang Road, Shuyang
                   Suqian




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                County, Suqian City
                               Securities Branch in Hongze      No. 581, Hongze Lake Road,
166                                                                                                    223800       Zhang Yang       0527-84390068
                               Lake Road, Suqian                Suqian City
                                                                Room 103, 1/F & Rooms 306,
                               Securities Branch in Science     307 and 308, 3/F, Technology
167                                                                                                    221006      Zhou Xuehong       0516-85850911
                               Park, Xuzhou                     Building, Technology Avenue,
                                                                Quanshan District, Xuzhou City
                               Securities Branch in Tangmu      No. 2, Tangmu Road, Pei County,
168                                                                                                    221600        Shi Zhikun      0516-81202066
                               Road, Pei County, Xuzhou         Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                No. 165, 1F/F and Rooms 2102 –
                               Securities Branch in Huaihai     2105, Unit A, Suning Plaza, No. 29
169                                                                                                    221000        Jiao Shuai       0516-83718027
                               East Road, Xuzhou                Huaihai East Road, Gulou District,
                                                                Xuzhou City
                                                                Southeast Corner, 1/F, Building
                                                                2, Business Service Center, New




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                               Securities Branch in Suihe       Economic and Technology
170                                                                                                    221200        Zhang Lei       0516-88307899
                               North Road, Suining, Xuzhou      Park, No. 223 Suihe North Road,
                                                                Suining County, Xuzhou City,
                   Xuzhou
                                                                Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                1-104, Building 6 (previously 9),
                                                                Area 3, Financial Service Center,
                               Securities Branch in Qinjun
171                                                             Huaihai Economic Zone, No. 1            221116      Xu Xiaonan       0516-83318255
                               Road, Xuzhou
                                                                Qinjun Road, Yunlong District,
                                                                Xuzhou City
                                                                Room 109, 1/F & Room 205, 2/
                               Securities Branch in Jianguo
172                                                             F, Block 1A, Fortune Plaza, No. 75     221000     Zhang Zhengxing    0516-85803998
                               West Road, Xuzhou
                                                                Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou City
                               Securities Branch in Daqiao      No. 8, Daqiao West Road, Xinyi,
173                                                                                                    221400        Han Chao        0516-88989808
                               West Road, Xinyi                 Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                (Shops 2-10, Mingshi Garden),
                               Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 5101 Zhongyang Avenue,
174                            Zhongyang Avenue, Feng                                                   221700     Sun Chaoxing      0516-66650656
                                                                Feng County, Xuzhou City,
                               County, Xuzhou
                                                                Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                                      429
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                           of securities      of person in
           No.   Province     City                 Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                                        Securities Branch in Renmin     Rooms 102, 103 and 104, Building
           175                          South Road, Dafeng,             B, Yangguang Mall, Dafeng             224100      Shen Zhongqin     0515-83928806
                                        Yancheng                        District, Yancheng
                                                                        Rooms 8017 & 8018, Building 3,
                                        Securities Branch in Middle
           176                                                          Shangye New Village, No. 78           224200          Xi Jing        0515-85105761
                                        Hailing Road, Dongtai
                                                                        Middle Hailing Road, Dongtai
                            Yancheng                                    Room 15-103 and Room 15-
                                                                        104, No. 15 Commercial and
                                        Securities Branch in South      Residential Building, No. 16
           177                          Hongxing Alley, Binhai,         Commercial and Office Building,       224500      Zhou Dehong       0515-87021988
                                        Yancheng                        Lvdu Jiayuan, No. 29 South
                                                                        Hongxing Alley, Dongkan Street,
                                                                        Binhai County
                                        Securities Branch in Pinghuai
           178                                                          No. 37, Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou         225600      Sheng Fuqing       0514-85089721
                                        Road, Gaoyou, Yangzhou

                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 10, Yeting East Road, Baoying
           179                          Yeting East Road, Baoying,                                            225800          Yu Jie         0514-88259411
                                                                        County
                                        Yangzhou
                                                                        Nos. 220, 222 and 226, Business
                                        Securities Branch in South      Buildings, Longchuan Road,
           180                          Longchuan Road, Jiangdu,        Zhongyuan Europe City, Xiannv         225200       Liu Handong      0514-86534998
                                        Yangzhou                        Town, Jiangdu District, Yangzhou
                                                                        City
                            Yangzhou
                                                                        6-2001, 2002, 2019, 2020, 2021,
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        2022, 2023, 2024, 20/F, Changjian
           181   Jiangsu                Changjian Center, Museum                                              225000         Qiao Qi        0514-82982003
                                                                        Center, No. 364 Museum Road,
                                        Road, Yangzhou
                                                                        Hanjiang District, Yangzhou City
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 406, Wenchang Middle Road,
           182                          Wenchang Middle Road,                                                 225001       Xu Xuefeng       0514-87366418
                                                                        Yangzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                        Yangzhou

                                        Securities Branch in            No. 101, Zhenzhou East Road,
           183                          Zhenzhou East Road, Yizheng,    Zhenzhou Town, Yizheng City,           211400       Xu Yiming       0514-83962098
                                        Yangzhou                        Jiangsu Province
                                                                        Rooms 101, 201, 301, Block
                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        1, Huangshan Yaju, No. 6
           184                          Huangshan South Road,                                                 212000       Wu Jiarong       0511-85037099
                                                                        Huangshan South Road,
                                        Zhenjiang
                                                                        Zhenjiang City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                        No. 235, Cuizhu South Road,
                                        Securities Branch in Cuizhu
           185                                                          Sanmao Sub-district, Yangzhong        212200        Yin Hang        0511-88399933
                                        South Road, Yangzhong
                                                                        City
                                                                        Rooms 131-133, 236-237, 239, 241,
                                        Securities Branch in Guyang
                            Zhenjiang                                   243, Hengyu Building, Guyang
           186                          Middle Avenue, Dantu,                                                 212000          Xu Rui         0511-85115898
                                                                        Middle Avenue, Dantu District,
                                        Zhenjiang
                                                                        Zhenjiang City
                                        Securities Branch in            Nos. 16-1 to 16-3, Fenghuang
           187                          Fenghuang Road, Danyang,        Road, Development Zone,               212300       Hou Yeping        0511-86699772
                                        Zhenjiang                       Danyang

                                        Securities Branch in
                                                                        No. 1, Huayang North Road,
           188                          Huayang North Road, Jurong,                                           212400         Liu Heng       0511-85979998
                                                                        Huayang Town, Jurong City
                                        Zhenjiang
                                                                        Nos. 223 and 231, Market Street;
                                        Securities Branch in Shengli    Nos. 2-1, 2-2 and 2-3, Unit 1, No.
           189                                                                                                 116013       Nie Boshi        0411-82815866
                                        East Road, Dalian               227 Market Street, Xigang District,
                                                                        Dalian City, Liaoning Province
                             Dalian                                     Rooms 01, 02 & 03-1, 13/
                                                                        F, Exchange Square, No. 40
                                        Securities Branch in
           190                                                          Gangxing Road, Zhongshan               116021      Zhang Yuwei      0411-84342688
                                        Gangxing Road, Dalian
                                                                        District, Dalian City, Liaoning
                 Liaoning                                               Province
                                                                        1#1708-1715, Area E of Blue
                                                                        Kangqiao, South of Huibin Street
                                        Securities Branch in Huibin
           191               Panjin                                     and East of Xiangdao Road,             124010       Wang Fan         0427-3257500
                                        Street, Panjin
                                                                        Xinglongtai District, Panjin City,
                                                                        Liaoning Province
                                                                        No. 187, Daxi Road, Shenhe
                                        Securities Branch in Daxi
           192              Shenyang                                    District, Shenyang City, Liaoning      110014       Wang Hui         024-31976665
                                        Road, Shenyang
                                                                        Province




430
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
No.   Province     City                Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                            (0300) No. 23, Guangrong Street,
                            Securities Branch in
193                                                         Heping District, Shenyang City,        110003      Liu Xiaoqing      024-31883577
                            Guangrong Street, Shenyang
                                                            Liaoning Province
                 Shenyang                                   No. 318 (Gate 1) and No. 320
      Liaoning              Securities Branch in Qingnian   (Annex Building 201), Qingnian
194                                                                                                110004       Zhang Sai        024-31883388
                            Street, Shenyang                Street, Heping District, Shenyang
                                                            City
                            Securities Branch in Bohai      No. 16-A-1, Bohai Street East,
195              Yingkou                                                                           115000       Tang Wei         0417-3350961
                            Street, Yingkou                 Zhanqian District



                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                                                            West Hall, 1F, Runheng Building,
                            Securities Branch in Jingqi
196                                                         No. 83, Jingqi Road, Shizhong         250000       Zhang Qinlei      18660186343
                            Road, Jinan
                                                            District, Jinan City
                                                            Room 203, 2/F, Podium of
                            Securities Branch in Jiefang    Shandong Port Luhai Logistics
197               Jinan                                                                           250061        Ji Xiankun       0531-82318318
                            East Road, Jinan                Building, No. 25-6 Jiefang East
                                                            Road, Lixia District, Jinan City
                                                            1/F, East Dongyuan Building, No.
                            Securities Branch in Jiefang
198                                                         30 Jiefang Road, Lixia District,      250013         Li Shuai       0531-85829568
                            Road, Jinan
                                                            Jinan City
                            Securities Branch in            No. 32, Changshan Road,
199   Shandong                                                                                    265200        Zang Peng        0535-7999111
                            Changshan Road, Laiyang         Laiyang City, Shandong Province



                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                  Yantai                                    No. 236, South Street, Zhifu
                            Securities Branch in South
200                                                         District, Yantai City, Shandong       264000     Wang Xiaodong       0535-2150055
                            Street, Yantai
                                                            Province




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                                            No. 79, West Hong Kong Road,
                            Securities Branch in West
201              Qingdao                                    Shinan District, Qingdao,             266071       Wang Qiang       0532-83861188
                            Hong Kong Road, Qingdao
                                                            Shandong Province
                                                            Room 101, Block B, Weite
                            Securities Branch in            Tianyuan Square, Jinqueshan
202                Linyi                                                                          276000       Jing Jianfei     0539-7030698
                            Jinqueshan Road, Linyi          Road, Lanshan District, Linyi City,
                                                            Shandong Province
                            Securities Branch in
                                                            Room 901, No. 1158, Jiangning
203                         Jiangning Road, Putuo                                                 200060      Chen Xiaoxue       021-33532200
                                                            Road, Putuo District, Shanghai
                            District, Shanghai




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                            Securities Branch in West       Rooms 1103 & 1105, Nos. 359 &
204                         Guangzhong Road, Jing’an        365, West Guangzhong Road,            200435      Bao Jianghao       021-56761987
                            District, Shanghai              Jing’an District, Shanghai

                            Securities Branch in Feihong    Units 2803, 2804, 2805, 2806,
205                         Road, Hongkou District,         Building 1, No. 118, Feihong Road,    200433          Qi Lili        021-33621855
                            Shanghai                        Hongkou District, Shanghai
                                                            Rooms 0101 & 0102, 1/F, and Room
                            Securities Branch in
                                                            0501, 5/F (actually 4/F), Block
206                         Longqi Road, Xuhui District,                                          200003         He Wei          021-63181398
                                                            1, No. 158, Longqi Road, Xuhui
                            Shanghai
                                                            District, Shanghai
                                                            Room 5003-05 (actual room
                            Securities Branch in Raffles    numbers are 4403A, 4403B,
207                         Square, Huangpu District,       4404), No. 268, Central Tibet         200042         Shi Cao         021-63550001
                            Shanghai                        Road, Huangpu District,
                                                            Shanghai




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
      Shanghai   Shanghai   Securities Branch in Weihai
                                                            Room 1305, No. 511, Weihai Road,
208                         Road, Jing’an District,                                               200041        Xu Yixuan        021-62678287
                                                            Jing’an District, Shanghai
                            Shanghai

                            Securities Branch in            5/F, No. 1508, Mudanjiang Road,
209                                                                                               201999     Duan Baodong        021-56106616




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                            Mudanjiang Road, Shanghai       Baoshan District, Shanghai

                            Securities Branch in            Nos. 46, 47, 48 and 49, Miaojing
210                         Wangyuan South Road,            New Village, Fengxian District,       201400       Yang Junjie       021-67136006
                            Fengxian District, Shanghai     Shanghai
                                                            Room 1701, Building 1, Changning
                            Securities Branch in Kaixuan
                                                            International Development
211                         Road, Changning District,                                             200120       Hu Shengqi        021-20773068
                                                            Plaza, No. 1388 Kaixuan Road,
                            Shanghai
                                                            Changning District, Shanghai
                            Securities Branch in            Rooms 1103, 1105, 1107 and 1109,
212                         Tianyaoqiao Road, Xuhui         No. 329, Tianyaoqiao Road, Xuhui      200030       Fu Chenjing       021-54254885
                            District, Shanghai              District, Shanghai
                                                            Area A of Ground Floor and Area
                            Securities Branch in Rushan
                                                            B of Second Floor, Nos. 229, 231,
213                         Road, Pudong New District,                                            200336        Wang Jie         021-52983009
                                                            Rushan Road, China (Shanghai)
                            Shanghai
                                                            Pilot Free Trade Zone




                                                                                                                                                 431
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                          Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                            of securities      of person in
           No.   Province      City                  Name                             Address                  Zip code      branches             charge



                                         Securities Branch in Wuding     6/F & 7/F, No. 1088, Wuding Road,
           214                                                                                                 200040     Zhang Renrong       021-62566063
                                         Road, Shanghai                  Jing’an District, Shanghai
                                                                         Units 01B, 02, 03, 05, 06, 3/F,
                                         Securities Branch in South
                                                                         Building A, Block 4, No. 1, Lane
           215                           Huangpi Road, Huangpu                                                  200011    Huang Weiqing       021-63356099
                                                                         838, South Huangpi Road,
                                         District, Shanghai
                                                                         Huangpu District, Shanghai
                                         Securities Branch in Miaojing
                                                                         1-3/F, No. 642, Miaojing Road,
           216                           Road, Pudong New District,                                            201299       Miao Cong         021-33825017
                                                                         Pudong New District, Shanghai
                                         Shanghai
                 Shanghai    Shanghai    Securities Branch in Century    3/F, No. 1229 Century Avenue,
           217                           Avenue, Pudong New District,    China (Shanghai) Pilot Free           200120         Luo Fei         021-58392077
                                         Shanghai                        Trade Zone
                                                                         Rooms 03 and 04, 15/F (actually
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                         Rooms 03 and 04, 12/F), No.
           218                           Dongfang Road, Pudong                                                  201120     Chen Xiaoyan       021-50711727
                                                                         18 Dongfang Road, China
                                         New District, Shanghai
                                                                         (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                         Securities Branch in Binjiang   Room 101, 1/F Lobby, No.
           219                           Avenue, Pudong New District,    12 Dongfang Road, China                201120       Dai Xiang        021-50967056
                                         Shanghai                        (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                         Room 2103, 21/F, Unit 1, Building
                                                                         10, Tianfu Xingu, No. 399, West
                                         Securities Branch in Jinhui
           220                                                           Section, Fucheng Avenue, Hitech       610000        Yang Rui        028-87448096
                                         West 2nd Street, Chengdu
                                                                         Zone, Chengdu, China (Sichuan)
                                                                         Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                                         Nos. 02 and 03, 21/F, Unit 1, Block
                                         Securities Branch in Tianfu     1, No. 5 Xiyu Street, Qingyang
           221                                                                                                  610041        Liu Feng        028-85512252
                                         Square, Chengdu                 District, Chengdu City, Sichuan
                                                                         Province
                                                                         Rooms 1506 and 1507, 15/F, Unit 1,
                                                                         Building 1, Xinxiwang Building, No.
                                         Securities Branch in Renmin
           222                                                           45, Renmin Road South Section          610031       Li Huiying      028-85590880
                                         South Road, Chengdu
                                                                         IV, Wuhou District, Chengdu City,
                             Chengdu                                     Sichuan Province
                                                                         Rooms 1901 and 1905, Block
                  Sichuan                Securities Branch in Shujin     B, Jinsha Wanrui Center, No. 1
           223                                                                                                  610091         Li Xiao        028-61505176
                                         Road, Chengdu                   Shujin Road, Qingyang District,
                                                                         Chengdu City
                                                                         Nos. 1401 and 04 (self-
                                                                         numbered), 14/F, Block 1, No. 588
                                         Securities Branch in Tianfu     Middle Section of Tianfu Avenue,
           224                                                                                                  610213    Wang Hongtao       028-85640443
                                         Avenue, Chengdu                 Hitech Zone, Chengdu City,
                                                                         China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade
                                                                         Zone
                                                                         Annexes 13 and 14 of No. 68
                                         Securities Branch in Shixili,
           225                                                           Yuanlin Road, Xipu Town, Pidu          611731     Shang Guang        028-87843269
                                         Xipu, Chengdu
                                                                         District, Chengdu City
                                                                         A2, A3, A4, A5 and A6, 5/F,
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                         Building 1, Diamond Plaza, No.
           226                Deyang     Diamond Plaza, Changjiang                                              618100    Huang Wanqing       0838-7201167
                                                                         29, Section 2, Changjiang West
                                         West Road, Deyang
                                                                         Road, Deyang, Sichuan Province
                                                                         (1509, 1510, 1511) 15/F, Unit (1)1,
                                                                         North Zone, Financial Business
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                         District, Zone B, Zhongtian
           227    Guizhou     Guiyang    Changling North Road,                                                 550001     Shu Mengxiang      0851-86753279
                                                                         Exhibition City, Changling North
                                         Guiyang
                                                                         Road, Guanshanhu District,
                                                                         Guiyang City, Guizhou Province
                                                                         Rooms 1502 and 1503, 15/F, Unit 2,
                                         Securities Branch in
           228   Chongqing   Chongqing                                   No. 9 Juxianyan Square, Jiangbei      400084        Xiao Yang        023-68901837
                                         Jiangbeizui, Chongqing
                                                                         District, Chongqing
                                         Securities Branch in Baidi      No. 240, Baidi Road, Nankai
           229                                                                                                 300192      Zhang Haiyan       022-87893469
                                         Road, Tianjin                   District

                                         Securities Branch in Erwei      Rooms 209-211, 2/F, Caizhi
           230                           Road, Dongli Development        Building, No. 9, Erwei Road, Dongli   300399       Liu Yongjun       022-84373801
                  Tianjin     Tianjin
                                         Zone, Tianjin                   Development Zone, Tianjin City
                                                                         Bottom Floor (Business Area),
                                         Securities Branch in Qinjian
           231                                                           Yunhan Building, No. 185, Qinjian     300130       Wu Yumeng         022-26532286
                                         Road, Tianjin
                                                                         Road, Hongqiao District




432
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
No.   Province     City                Name                              Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                                            Units 07, 08, 09 and 10, 2/F,
                            Securities Branch in            Building 1, No. 40, Huachang
232    Tianjin    Tianjin                                                                          300151      Xu Jianguo        022-58811908
                            Huachang Road, Tianjin          Road, Hedong District, Tianjin
                                                            City
                                                            4/F, Changye Golden Villa,
                            Securities Branch in
                                                            No. 621 Donggang West Road,
233    Gansu     Lanzhou    Donggang West Road,                                                   730000          Fu Jie         0931-8106511
                                                            Chengguan District, Lanzhou
                            Lanzhou
                                                            City, Gansu Province
                                                            18/F, Xindi City, CapitaMall,



                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                            Securities Branch in Zhuque     No. 64 West Section of South
234                                                                                               710054       Gan Xinping       029-87889991
                            Street, Xi’an                   Second Ring Road, Yanta District,
      Shaanxi      Xi’an                                    Xi’an City, Shaanxi Province
                                                            1/F, Jintai Holiday Flower City,
                            Securities Branch in Zhangba
235                                                         Zhangba East Road, Yanta              710065       Chen Yuwen        029-85587020
                            East Road, Xi’an
                                                            District, Xi’an City
                                                            Room 59-147, 3/F, Building 5,
                            Securities Branch in Xinning    Hexin Center, No. 23, Xinning
236   Qinghai     Xining                                                                          810000         Liang Xu        0971-6368338
                            Road, Xining                    Road, Chengxi District, Xining
                                                            City, Qinghai Province
                            Securities Branch in Jiefang    8/F, Jinrong Building, No. 243,
237   Xinjiang    Yining                                                                          835000        Wang Hui        0999-8986569
                            West Road, Yining City          Jiefang West Road, Yining City




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                            Room 101, Commercial Building
                                                            No. 1, Jinhai Mingyue Garden, No.
                            Securities Branch in Yinjiaqu
238   Ningxia    Yinchuan                                   65 Yinjiaqu North Street, Jinfeng     750004        Liu Zhiwei       0951-6019666
                            North Street, Yinchuan




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                                            District, Yinchuan City, Ningxia
                                                            Hui Autonomous Region
                                                            Room 14102, Building 3, GTland
                            Securities Branch in Jiefang    Plaza, Shangcheng District,
239                                                                                               310004     Wang Qianwen       0571-28002220
                            East Road, Hangzhou             Hangzhou City, Zhejiang
                                                            Province
                                                            Units 02/03/04-1, 13/F above
                 Hangzhou
                                                            ground, Building 9, Huanglong
                            Securities Branch in Xueyuan    International Center, No.77
240                                                                                               310007         Jin Yifei       0571-87212722
                            Road, Hangzhou                  Xueyuan Road, Cuiyuan Street,
                                                            Xihu District, Hangzhou City,




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                                                            Zhejiang Province
                                                            1-15, 3-29, 3-30, 3-31, 3-32、 3-33,
                            Securities Branch in Liuting    3-34, No. 230, Liuting Street,
241                                                                                                315010        Ren Xin        0574-87023678
                            Street, Ningbo                  Haishu District, Ningbo City,
                                                            Zhejiang Province
                  Ningbo                                    Room 1906, No. 1800 Zhongshan
                            Securities Branch in            East Road, Shops No. 223 and No.
242                         Zhongshan East Road,            225 on Songxia Street, Fuming         315000        Li Wenhui       0574-28850168
                            Ningbo                          Street, Yinzhou District, Ningbo
                                                            City, Zhejiang Province
                                                            1-2/F, Nos. 656, 658, 660, Qingyun
                            Securities Branch in Qingyun
243               Jinhua                                    Street, Choucheng Street, Yiwu        322000       Wu Hesong        0579-85519698
      Zhejiang              Street, Yiwu
                                                            City, Zhejiang Province
                                                            No. 213 (101 & 102), No. 215 (101 &
                            Securities Branch in Fushan,    102) and No. 217 (233, 234 & 236-
244              Shaoxing                                                                         312000      Qiu Honghong      0575-85222928




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                            Shaoxing                        241), Huancheng West Road,
                                                            Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province
                                                            Shops 8-13, 1/F, Yangguang
                            Securities Branch in            Building, Xinqiao Village, Jiangbei
245              Wenzhou                                                                          325102       Zheng Keyi       0577-66992188
                            Yangguang Avenue, Yongjia       Sub-district, Yongjia County,




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                            Zhejiang Province
                                                            No. 353, 1/F of No. 355, 1/F of No.
                                                            357, 1/F of No. 359, Tiyu Road,
                            Securities Branch in Tiyu
246              Zhoushan                                   Qiandao Street, Dinghai District,      316100    Zhang Hangqing     0580-3066008
                            Road, Zhoushan
                                                            Zhoushan City, China (Zhejiang)
                                                            Pilot Free Trade Zone
                                                            Room 801, Block 2, Yuanjing
                            Securities Branch in Zhongxin   Center, Baiyun Street, Jiaojiang
247              Taizhou                                                                          318000       Chen Huang       0576-89811389
                            Avenue, Taizhou                 District, Taizhou City, Zhejiang
                                                            Province
                                                            Nos. 1115 & 1119, Fanggong Road,
                            Securities Branch in
248               Jiaxing                                   Nanhu District, Jiaxing City,         314000      Wang Guanjie      0573-82862312
                            Fanggong Road, Jiaxing
                                                            Zhejiang Province




                                                                                                                                                 433
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           III.OTHER INFORMATION


          (I) Accounting Firms


                                                   Name
                                                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
          Accounting firm engaged by the Company   Office address
                                                                            30/F, 222 Yan An Road East, Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC
           (domestic)                              Name of the signatory
                                                                            Hu Xiaojun, Han Jian
                                                    accountant

                                                   Name                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Registered PIE Auditor under the Accounting
          Accounting firm engaged by the Company   Office address           and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
           (Hong Kong)                             Name of the signatory    35/F, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong, the PRC
                                                    accountant              Zhu Huaizhong

                                                    Name
                                                                            Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
          Accounting firm engaged by the Company    Office address
                                                                            30/F, 222 Yan An Road East, Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC
           (United Kingdom)                         Name of the signatory
                                                                            Hu Xiaojun
                                                     accountant




          (II) Legal Advisors


                                                                            King & Wood Mallesons
          Legal advisor engaged by the Company     Name
                                                                            18/F, East Tower, World Financial Center1 Middle East 3rd Ring Road,
            (domestic)                             Office address
                                                                            ChaoyangDistrict, Beijing, the PRC

          Legal advisor engaged by the Company     Name                     Clifford Chance
            (overseas)                             Office address           27/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place,Central, Hong Kong, the PRC




          (III) Share Registrars


                                                                            China Securities Depository and Clearing
                                                   Name                      Corporation Limited, Shanghai Branch
          Share registrar for A Share
                                                   Office address           No. 188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong
                                                                             New Area, Shanghai, the PRC

                                                                            Computershare Hong Kong Investor
                                                                              Services Limited
                                                   Name
          Share registrar for H Share                                       Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center,
                                                   Office address
                                                                              183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai,
                                                                              Hong Kong, the PRC




434
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
 IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURES INDEX


1. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on China
Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily and on the
website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn):


No.     Date                                                                    Announcement




                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
 1    2024-01-05   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2023

 2    2024-01-10   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in relation to Implementation of the Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares

 3    2024-01-11   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 4    2024-01-23
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 5    2024-01-26
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 6    2024-01-27
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of General Manager of Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co.,



                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
 7    2024-01-30
                   Ltd.

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 8    2024-02-02
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee



                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Completion of the Change in Industrial and Commercial Registration of Registered
                   Capital and the Amendments to the Articles of Association, Articles of Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2024),
 9    2024-02-03
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

 10   2024-02-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended January 31, 2024

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 11   2024-02-07
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 12   2024-02-08
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 13   2024-02-09
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
 14   2024-02-19
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Appointment of General Manager of Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management
 15   2024-02-29
                   Co., Ltd.

 16   2024-03-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended February 29, 2024

 17   2024-03-16   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Chairman of Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.

 18   2024-03-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate
 19   2024-03-20
                   Bonds to Professional Investors

 20   2024-03-21   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual Results of 2023




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                   2023 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2023 Annual Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2023 Corporate Social
                   Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventh
                   Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixth Meeting of the
                   Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms,
                   Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2023, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on




                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                   Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties for 2024, Report on Performance of Duties by Independent Directors of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. for 2023, Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2023,
 21   2024-03-29
                   Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2023, Special Opinions from the Board of Huatai Securities Co.,
                   Ltd. on the Independence of Independent Directors, Evaluation Report on Performance of Duties by the Annual Audit Accounting Firm
                   for 2023 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Report on Performance of Supervisory Duties by the Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2023 of the
                   Audit Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2023 Financial Statements and Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.,
                   Annual Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2023, Special Explanation of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation
                   of Non-operating Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2023, System regarding Insider Registration and Management
                   and Confidentiality of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2024)

 22   2024-04-03   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended March 31, 2024




                                                                                                                                                                   435
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                Announcement



                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eighth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement
                              by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventh Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee,
                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. On Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the Second Lock-up
           23    2024-04-13   Period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Repurchase and
                              Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares, Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Fulfilment
                              of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the Second Unlocking Period and Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
                              Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

           24    2024-04-18   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Disposal of the Entire Equity Interests Held in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. (a
           25    2024-04-26   Holding Subsidiary in the United States), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Ninth Meeting of the Sixth
                              Session of the Board

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Tenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement
                              by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eighth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, First Quarterly
           26    2024-04-30
                              Report of 2024 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resignation of Independent Non-
                              executive Director

           27    2024-05-08   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended April 30, 2024

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           28    2024-05-10
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Release from Selling Restriction of the Second Lock-up Period under the Restricted
           29    2024-05-11
                              Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and Listing

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           30    2024-05-13
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Notice of Convening 2023 Annual General Meeting and 2024 First A Share Class Meeting by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Documents of
                              2023 Annual General Meeting, 2024 First A Share Class Meeting, 2024 First H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Statement
           31    2024-05-18   and Undertaking of Nominator of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Statement and Undertaking of Candidate for
                              Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Review Opinions from Nomination Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co.,
                              Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Independent Non-executive Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board

           32    2024-06-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended May 31, 2024

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           33    2024-06-07
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term
           34    2024-06-12
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of 2023 Annual General Meeting, 2024 First A Share Class Meeting and
                              2024 First H Share Class Meeting, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on 2023 Annual General Meeting, 2024 First A Share Class
                              Meeting and 2024 First H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notice to
           35    2024-06-21   Creditors Regarding the Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares to Reduce Registered Capital, Announcement
                              by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Approval of Qualification as Director, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Approval of
                              Qualification as Supervisor, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. On the Resolutions of the Eleventh Meeting of the Sixth Session
                              of the Board, 2024 Action Plan of “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement” of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

           36    2024-07-05   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended June 30, 2024

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           37    2024-07-12
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           38    2024-07-16
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           39    2024-08-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended July 31, 2024

           40    2024-08-09   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Equity Distribution for 2023

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Subordinated
           41    2024-08-10
                              Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

           42    2024-08-21   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

           43    2024-08-23   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Interim Results of 2024

                              2024 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2024 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on
                              Interim Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2024, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Adjustment to the
                              Repurchase Price Applicable to the Restricted A Shares, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twelfth
           44    2024-08-31
                              Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Ninth Meeting of the
                              Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Adjustment to the
                              Repurchase Price under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended August 31, 2024,
           45    2024-09-06   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of Disposal of all the Shares Held in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. (a
                              Holding Subsidiary in the United States)

                              Announcement in relation to Implementation of Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of Huatai Securities Co.,
           46    2024-09-14   Ltd., Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Relevant Matters on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part
                              of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

           47    2024-09-21   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return)

           48    2024-10-08   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended September 30, 2024




436
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024
No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Completion of the Change in Industrial and Commercial Registration of Registered
49    2024-10-16   Capital and the Amendments to the Articles of Association, Articles of Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised for the Second
                   Time in 2024)

50    2024-10-17   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Interim Equity Distribution for 2024

                   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the
51    2024-10-19
                   CSRC for Participation in the Swap Facility Business

52    2024-10-23   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Third Quarterly Results of 2024

                   Third Quarterly Report of 2024 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the
53    2024-10-31
                   Thirteenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board



                                                                                                                                                                        About Us
54    2024-11-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended October 31, 2024

55    2024-12-05   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended November 30, 2024

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fourteenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board,
56    2024-12-21   Administrative System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                   Management (Revised in 2024)




                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                               437
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the HKEXnews
          website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk):


           No.       Date                                                               Announcement



            1    2024-01-04   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2023

            2    2024-01-09   Announcement in relation to Implementation of the Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares

            3    2024-01-10   Next Day Disclosure Return

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
           4     2024-01-15
                              and Delisting for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche) (Type 1)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           5     2024-01-22
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2021 Subordinated
           6     2024-01-23
                              Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
            7    2024-01-25
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           8     2024-01-26
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of General Manager of Huatai Securities
           9     2024-01-29
                              (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds
           10    2024-01-31
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
            11   2024-02-01
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement on Completion of the Change of Registered Capital and the Amendments to the Articles of Association, Articles of
                              Association, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2022
                              Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest
           12    2024-02-02
                              Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned
                              Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           13    2024-02-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended January 31, 2024

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           14    2024-02-06
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           15    2024-02-07
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           16    2024-02-08
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           17    2024-02-18
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate
           18    2024-02-20   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest
                              Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche) (Type 2)

                              Letter to Registered Shareholders and Reply Form – Arrangement of Electronic Dissemination of Corporate Communications, Letter to
           19    2024-02-27
                              Non-registered Shareholders and Reply Form – Arrangement of Electronic Dissemination of Corporate Communications

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Appointment of General Manager of Huatai
           20    2024-02-28
                              Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd.

           21    2024-03-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended February 29, 2024

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
           22    2024-03-12
                              and Delisting for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Chairman of Jiangsu Equity
           23    2024-03-15
                              Exchange Co., Ltd.

           24    2024-03-18   Date of Board Meeting

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the
           25    2024-03-19
                              Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

           26    2024-03-20   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual Results of 2023




438
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024
No.     Date                                                                    Announcement



                   Results Announcement for the Year Ended December 31, 2023, Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2023, 2023 Corporate
                   Social Responsibility Report, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – 2023 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2023 Annual
                   Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventh Meeting of
                   the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Sixth Meeting of the Sixth Session of
                   the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms, Announcement
                   on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2023, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Estimated
                   Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties for 2024, Report on Performance of Duties by Independent Directors of Huatai Securities
27    2024-03-28   Co., Ltd. for 2023, Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2023, Annual
                   Internal Control Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2023, Special Opinions from the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                   the Independence of Independent Directors, Evaluation Report on Performance of Duties by the Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2023
                   of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Report on Performance of Supervisory Duties by the Annual Audit Accounting Firm for 2023 of the Audit



                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
                   Committee of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2023 Financial Statements and Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Annual
                   Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2023, Special Explanation of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation of
                   Non-operating Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2023, System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
                   Confidentiality of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2024)

28    2024-04-02   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended March 31, 2024

                   Announcement in relation to Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares, Overseas Regulatory Announcements –
                   Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction
                   of the Second Unlocking Period and Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive
29    2024-04-12   Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release
                   from Selling Restriction of the Second Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Announcement by
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Seventh Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement
                   by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eighth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board




                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
30    2024-04-17   Date of Board Meeting

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
31    2024-04-22   and Delisting for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities



                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                   Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second tranche)

                   Discloseable Transaction – Disposal of the Issued Share Capital of ASSETMARK FINANCIAL HOLDINGS, INC. by Way of Merger, Overseas
32    2024-04-25   Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Ninth Meeting of the Sixth Session of
                   the Board

                   2023 Annual Report, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-
33    2024-04-26
                   registered Holders

                   First Quarterly Report of 2024, Proposed Change of Independent Non-executive Director and Proposed Change of Non-employee
                   Representative Supervisor, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of
34    2024-04-29
                   the Tenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eighth Meeting
                   of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate
35    2024-04-30   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest
                   Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 2)

36    2024-05-07   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended April 30, 2024

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
37    2024-05-09
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Release from Selling Restriction of the Second
38    2024-05-10   Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and Listing, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                   2024 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
39    2024-05-12
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds
40    2024-05-14
                   Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Third tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                   Notice of 2023 AGM, Notice of the 2024 First H Share Class Meeting, Circular of 2023 Annual General Meeting, Form of Proxy of Holders
                   of H Shares for Use at the AGM to be Held on June 20, 2024, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2024 First H Share Class
                   Meeting to be Held on June 20, 2024, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request
                   Form to Non-registered Holders, Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 (Update), Overseas Regulatory Announcements
                   – Statement and Undertaking of Nominator of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Statement and Undertaking of




                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
41    2024-05-17
                   Candidate for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Review Opinions from Nomination Committee of the Board of
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Nomination of Candidates for Independent Non-executive Directors of the Sixth Session of the Board,
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024 and Delisting for 2021 Corporate Bonds
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment
                   for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche) (Type 2)

42    2024-06-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended May 31, 2024

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
43    2024-06-06
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024 and Delisting for 2021 Corporate Bonds
44    2024-06-07
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche) (Type 1)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
45    2024-06-11
                   Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
46    2024-06-14
                   and Delisting for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 1)




                                                                                                                                                                   439
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                Announcement



                              Poll Results of 2023 Annual General Meeting, 2024 First A Share Class Meeting and 2024 First H Share Class Meeting; Distribution of Final
                              Dividend; Change of Independent Non-Executive Director; Adjustment to the Composition Plan of the Special Committees of the Board;
                              and Change of Non-Employee Representative Supervisor, List of Directors and Their Role and Function, Final Dividend for the Year Ended
                              December 31, 2023 (Update), 2024 Action Plan of “Corporate Value and Return Enhancement”, Overseas Regulatory Announcements
           47    2024-06-20   – Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on 2023 Annual General Meeting, 2024 First A Share Class Meeting and 2024 First H
                              Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notice to Creditors Regarding the
                              Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares to Reduce Registered Capital, Announcement by Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Eleventh Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                              Approval of Qualification as Supervisor, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Approval of Qualification as Director

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
           48    2024-07-02
                              and Delisting for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended June 30, 2024, Overseas Regulatory Announcement
           49    2024-07-04   – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to
                              Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           50    2024-07-11
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           51    2024-07-15
                              Issuance According to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           52    2024-08-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended July 31, 2024

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
           53    2024-08-06
                              and Delisting for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

           54    2024-08-08   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Equity Distribution for 2023

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the
           55    2024-08-09
                              Registration of Public Issuance of Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
           56    2024-08-15
                              and Delisting for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds
           57    2024-08-19
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche)

           58    2024-08-20   Date of Board Meeting

           59    2024-08-22   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Interim Results of 2024

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
           60    2024-08-29   and Delisting for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)

                              Interim Results Announcement for the Six Months ended June 30, 2024, Announcement on Adjustment to the Repurchase Price
                              Applicable to the Restricted A Shares, 2024 Interim Profit Distribution, Interim Dividend for the Six Months ended June 30, 2024, Overseas
                              Regulatory Announcements – 2024 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2024 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities
           61    2024-08-30   Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Twelfth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board,
                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Ninth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee,
                              Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Adjustment to the Repurchase Price under the Restricted
                              Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate
           62    2024-09-02   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type 2), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest
                              Payment for 2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
           63    2024-09-04
                              and Delisting for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended August 31, 2024, Voluntary Announcement –
           64    2024-09-05
                              Completion of Disposal of All of Shares of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds
           65    2024-09-06
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2021 Perpetual
                              Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement
           66    2024-09-09
                              of the Principal and Interest of 2024 and Delisting for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth
                              tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds
           67    2024-09-12
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 1)

                              Announcement in relation to Implementation of Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of Huatai Securities Co.,
                              Ltd., Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Relevant Matters
           68    2024-09-13
                              on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd.

           69    2024-09-20   Next Day Disclosure Return

                              2024 Interim Report, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-
           70    2024-09-27
                              Registered Holders

           71    2024-10-07   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended September 30, 2024

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
                              and Delisting for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai
           72    2024-10-09   Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type
                              1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional
                              Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 2)




440
                                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024
No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate
                   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 2), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest
73    2024-10-14   Payment for 2022 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche), Announcement by Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second
                   tranche)

                   Announcement on Completion of the Change of Registered Capital and the Amendment to the Articles of Association, the Articles of
74    2024-10-15
                   Association

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Interim Equity Distribution for
                   2024, Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
75    2024-10-16
                   Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024 and Delisting



                                                                                                                                                                       About Us
                   for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 1)

                   Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by
                   the CSRC for Participation in the Swap Facility Business, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2021
76    2024-10-18
                   Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 2), Announcement on Issuance Results for 2024 Short-
                   term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2021 Perpetual
77    2024-10-21
                   Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Third Quarterly Results of
78    2024-10-22
                   2024

                   Third Quarterly Report of 2024, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions
                   of the Thirteenth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for
79    2024-10-30




                                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                   2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                   2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth tranche) (Type 2)

80    2024-11-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended October 31, 2024




                                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2020 Subordinated
81    2024-11-06
                   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2021 Perpetual
82    2024-11-11
                   Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
83    2024-11-12   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the
                   Principal and Interest of 2024 and Delisting for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 1)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
84    2024-11-13
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds




                                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
85    2024-11-14
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 2)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds
86    2024-11-20
                   Non-publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche) (Type 2)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2024 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
87    2024-11-22
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024
88    2024-11-26   and Delisting for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type 1), Announcement on Issuance
                   Results for 2024 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

89    2024-12-04   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended November 30, 2024

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate
90    2024-12-05   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest
                   Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 2)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
91    2024-12-06




                                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2024 Interest Payment for 2023 Corporate Bonds Non-publicly Issued to Professional
92    2024-12-09
                   Investors (Second tranche) (Type 2)

                   Announcement on Issuance Results for 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional
93    2024-12-10




                                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                   Investors (Third tranche)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2024 and Delisting for 2022 Corporate Bonds
94    2024-12-12
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 1)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fourteenth Meeting of the
                   Sixth Session of the Board, Administrative System of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors,
95    2024-12-20
                   Supervisors and Senior Management (Revised in 2024), Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2024 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
96    2024-12-24
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2025
97    2024-12-31
                   and Delisting for 2023 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)




                                                                                                                                                              441
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the website of
          the London Stock Exchange (www.londonstockexchange.com):


           No.       Date                                                           Announcement



            1    2024-01-09   IMPLEMENTATION OF CANCELLATION OF PART OF A SHARES

           2     2024-02-02   COMPLETION OF THE CHANGE OF REGISTERED CAPITAL, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

           3     2024-03-28   2023 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT, 2023 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

           4     2024-04-12   REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF PART OF A SHARES

           5     2024-04-25   DISPOSAL OF THE ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL OF ASSETMARK

           6     2024-04-26   2023 ANNUAL REPORT

            7    2024-04-29   FIRST QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2024, PROPOSED CHANGE OF DIRECTOR AND SUPERVISOR

           8     2024-05-17   NOTICE OF AGM AND 2024 FIRST A SHARE CLASS MEETING

           9     2024-06-20   RESULTS OF AGM AND A SHARE & H SHARE CLASS MEETING, LIST OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION

           10    2024-08-08   IMPLEMENTATION OF EQUITY DISTRIBUTION FOR 2023

           11    2024-08-30   INTERIM RESULTS ANNOUNCEMENT, ADJUSTMENT TO THE REPURCHASE PRICE OF A SHARES, 2024 INTERIM PROFIT DISTRIBUTION

           12    2024-09-05   COMPLETION OF DISPOSAL OF ASSETMARK

           13    2024-09-13   REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF PART OF A SHARES

           14    2024-09-27   2024 INTERIM REPORT

           15    2024-10-15   COMPLETION OF THE CHANGE OF REGISTERED CAPITAL, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

           16    2024-10-16   IMPLEMENTATION OF 2024 INTERIM EQUITY DISTRIBUTION

           17    2024-10-30   THIRD QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2024




442
